THE

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From January the 15th, 1805,

In the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third,

To January the 7th, 1806,

In the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third

Printed by Order of the House of Commons.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 60,

r Vol. 60.

B

Message to attend His Majesty.

Writs issued in the Recess.

(embers take aths.

tlawry Bill, ead.

’.land

rit.

izes

it.

[ 3 ]

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Sess. 1805.

Mortis, 15° die

Anno 45* Georgii IIIul Regis, 1805.

A

MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Uiher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in pursuance of the directions of an Act, passed in the 24th year of His present Majesty, he had issued his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the following Places;

viz. for the County of Warwick, in the room of Sir George Augujhis William Shuckburgh Evelyn, Baronet, deceased; for the Borough of Hor/ham, in the room of Patrick Ross, Esquire, deceased; for the Shire of Dumfries, in the room of Sir Robert Laurie, Baronet, deceased; and for the Borough of Totne/s,in the room of John Berkley Bur land, Esquire, deceased.

Several Members present, and several Members returned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Outlawries, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament, for the County of Rutland, in the room of the Right honourable Lord Carbery, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Devizes, in the room of the Right ho-Vol. 60.

nourable Henry Addington, now Lord Viscount Sidmouth, called up to the House of Peers.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Buckingham Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ> electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough and Parish of Buckingham, in the room of the Right honourable William Allen Proby, commonly called Lord Viscount Proby, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Leitrim Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to make out a new Writ Writ-for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Leitrim, in the room , of the Right honourable Nathaniel Clements, commonly called Lord Viscount Clements, now Earl of Leitrim, a Peer of the United Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Haddington, Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the &c-W[it> electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the district of Burghs of H, Jedburgh, Dunbar, North Berwick, and Lauder, in the room of the Right honourable Thomas Maitland, who, since his election for the said dillrift of Burghs, hath accepted the Oflice of Governor of Ceylon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Weft Looe Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Wnt> electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Weft Looe, in the room of James,

Esquire, who, fmee his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Oflice of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Peebles Writ. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the elect ing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Peebles, in the room of Sir James Montgomery, Baronet, who, since his Election for the said Shire, hath accepted thcOftice of His Majesty’s Advocate for Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Edinburgh the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ-electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Edinburgh, in the room of the Right honourable Charles Hope, who, since his election for the said City, hath accepted the Oflice of Lord Justice Clerk of Scotland.

Mr.

Mr. Speaker

reports the King's

Speech.

4 15" Januar'n. -A- 1805.

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had this day for retaining as much as possible the accumulation of tended His Majesty in the House of Peers; where His the National Debt.

attended His Majesty Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; Of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent mistakes, obtained a copy, which he read to the House, and is as followeth;

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

In considering the great efforts and sacrifices which the nature of the contell requires, it is a peculiar satisfaction to Me to observe the many proofs of the internal wealth and prosperity of the country. It will, I am sure, be your

Since the end of the last Session, the preparations of the ,reat 0bjea to maintain and improve these advantages,

11 1 and at the same time to take all such measures, as, by

enabling Me to prosecute the War with vigour, may afford the best prospect of bringing it to a safe and honourable termination.

Enemy for the Invasion of this Kingdom have been continued with incessant activity; but no attempt has been made to carry their repeated menaces into effect.

The {kill and intrepidity of My Navy, the respeSable and formidable state of My Army and Militia, the un-

abated zeal and improved discipline of a numerous Volum j)Mvd That an humble Address be presented to His R«r,tai,n

leer Force airs the general ardour manifested by all classes Majest to retum His Majesty the thanks of this House of My Subjects, have indeed beenfuiricent to deter them for iolK Speec'h the Tlmme:

from so presumptuous and desperate an enterpnze. H hi e To affilre 5,'[is Majest that we have witnessed with

this spint continues to an, mate the Country, and ,te ride and fatUfaaionJ ,h4 ftju and intrepedity of His

voluntary exertions for its own defence fubflft in their fuh £lajcny.s Na the respeaable and formidable state of

----- neednot fear the consequences of the most HiSVajeffy’s Army and Militia, the unabated zeal and

improved discipline of a numerous Volunteer Force, and the general ardour manifested by all classes of His Majesty’s subjects; and though the preparations for the invasion of this Kingdom have been continued with inceffant activity, we are firmly persuaded, that while this

a lit: uuiiuuLt ut uig v/uuuui uwut/t icv iucuuy uuuci LHC /» •, . tin , J 1 ,

predominant influence and controul of France)compelled an, mate/ the ??tr>\land 2* v0,unta7 exert, V?s

Me to take prompt and decisive measures to guard against Jor lt* de,t'nce ^llft \n t ‘cir full vigour, they will be

the effects of Hostility. I have at the same time endea- found fa,r,cieut to deter the Encm^ attempting to

carry their repeated menaces into effect; and we trust

we shall never forget that as our security has arisen from the resolution with which we have met and provided

against the danger, we can be preferred only by Heady

perseverance and unremitting activity:

That we return His Majesty our humble thanks for

having been graciously pleased to direct that a copy of the Maiyfefto, which he has caused to be prepared in

consequence of the rupture with Spain, should be laid before us, together with such papers as are necessary to

explain the difeuflions which have taken place between

vigour,

powerful efforts on the part of the Enemy; but let us never forget that our security has arisen from the resolution with which we have met and provided against the danger, and that it can be preserved only by Heady perseverance and unremitting activity.

The conduct of the Court of Spain (evidently under the

voured, as long as it was possible, to prevent the necessity of a Rupture; but in consequence of the refusal of a fa-tisfaftory explanation. My Minister quitted Madrid, and War hasfince been declared by Spain against this Country.

I have directed a copy of the Manifesto, which I have caused to be prepared on this occasion, to be laid before you, together with such papers as are necessary to explain the difeuflions which have taken place between Me and the Court of Madrid. You will, I trust, be convinced by them, that My forbearance has been carried to

the utmost extent which the interests of My Dominions ^*S ^daJedy and that Court; and to allure His Majesty, would admit; and, while I lament the situation of Spain, that we wdl *ake them intQ our early and serious confide-involved in hostilities contrary to its true interests, I rely ratl°n, and^ that, while we regret the extension of hostili-with confidence oil your vigorous support in a contell ~,es’ "is Majesty may rely on our constant support to which can be attributed only to the unfortunate preva- , UC1 mea ,es as may k,e necessary for maintaining the lence of French counsels. honour of His Crown, and afterting the just rights of His

The general conduct of the French Government on the Pe2P,e;

Continent of Europe has been marked by the utmost vio-

That we feel, in common with His Majesty, that on

lence and outrage, and has shewn a wanton defiance of the Contment the conduct of the French Government has been marked by the utmost violence and outrage, and has shewn a wanton defiance of the rights of neutral Territories, of the acknowledged privileges of accredited Ministers, and of the established principles of the Law of Nations:

That we humbly acknowledge His Majesty’s goodness

the rights of neutral Territories, of the acknowledged privileges of accredited Ministers, and of the established principles of the Law of Nations.

Notvwithstanding these transactions, so repugnant to every sentiment of moderation and justice, I have recently received a communication from the French Government, containing professions of a pacific disposition.

I have, in consequence, expressed My earned desire to embrace the first opportunity of restoring the blessings of Peace on such grounds as may be consistent with the permanent safety and interests of My Dominions; but I am confident you will agree with Me, that those objects are closely connected with the general security of EuropeI have therefore not thought it right to enter into any more particular explanation without previous communication with those Powers on the Continent, with whom I am engaged in confidential intercourse and connection with a view to that important object, and especially with the Emperor of Russia, who has given the strongest proofs of the wife and dignified sentiments by which He is animated, and of the warm interest He takes in the safety and independence of Europe.

in having been pleased to inform us, that notwithstanding these tranluctions (so repugnant to every sentiment of moderation and justice) His Majesty has recently received a communication from the French Government, containing professions of a pacific disposition; and that, deeply sensible of His Majesty’s paternal regard and unremitting solicitude for the welfare and happiness of His people, expressed in His Majesty’s earned desire to embrace the first opportunity of restoring the blessings of Peace, on such grounds as may be consistent with the permanent safety and interests of His Majesty’s Dorni-nibns, we, at the same time, cordially agree with His Majesty, that those objects are closely connected with the general security of Europe; we acknowledge the propriety and wisdom of His Majesty’s determination to decline entering into more particular explanation, till He has had time to communicate with those Powers on the Continent

Gentlemen of the House of Commons, with whom His Majesty is engaged in confidential inter-

I have directed the Estimates for the public Service to course and connection, with a view to this important be laid before you. I regret the necessity of any addi- object: And that we learn with peculiar satisfaction, that tional burthens being imposed on My People; but I am His Majesty has received the strongest proof of the wife sure you will be sensible how much their future safety and and dignified sentiments by which the Emperor of Russia happiness depend on the vigour of our exertions, and that is animated, and of the warm interest He takes in the in the mode of raising the supplies, you will continue to safety and independence of Europe: lliew your anxiety for the support of public credit, and To allure His Majesty, that much as we lament the J necessity

Committee to daw up

Mlrefs.

King's Speech nicrrtd*

Treaties, kc. with Indian Wrs, fdered.

Surrey

Railway

Petition*

45 Geo.

15°— 16°

necessity of imposing additional burthens on His Ma-» Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion da Grand jesty’s subjects, we are at the lame time so Icnfible how fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House. '^pointed"

inuch their future safety and happinels depend upon the Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances vigour of our exertions, that His Majesty may rely upon do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

our granting such Supplies as the exigency of the public service may require, preserving at the same time an anxious desire effectually to support public credit, and to restrain, as much as possible, the accumulation of the National Debt:

That it mull afford us great consolation and satisfaction to observe, that the proofs of the internal wealth and rcfoitrees of the Country appear to keep pace with the efforts and sacrifices which the nature of the contest requires; and that His Majesty may firmly rely on our zeal to maintain and improve these advantages, and to adopt such measures as, by enabling His Majesty to prosecute the War with vigour, may afford the bell prospect of bringing it to a fate and honourable termination.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Dillon, Mr. Charles Adams, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Viscount Cajllereagh, Mr. 1JuMr. Secretary at

War, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Afr. Fojfer, Mr. Canning, Mr. James Adams, Mr. Wallace, Mr. Long, Mr. Vansittart, Sir Evan Nepean, Mr. infbn, junior. Air. Baldwin, Mr. St urges Bourne, Lord Viscount Fitz-Harris, Mr. A Mr. Alexander, or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw, immediately, into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 16° die Jannarii;

Anno 45° Georgii 1II, U Regis, 1805. Prayers.

ORDERED, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Treaties, Engagements, and Correspondence, between the Governments of Bengal, Fort St. George, and Bombay, and any of the surviving hometan Princes or States in the upper part of Lidia, particularly with the King or Alogul at Delhi, or his Ministers.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Surrey Iron Railway, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That an Act was passed in the 41 ft year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Railway from the town of Wandjioorth to the town of Croydon, with a collateral branch into the parish of Car-Jhalton, and a navigable communication between the

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be appointed:

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Sturges Bourne, Sir William Scott, the Lord Binning, Mr. Pole Careiv, Lord Viscount Cajllereagh, Mr. Mr. John

Fane, Sir Evan Nepean, Mr. Balhurjt, Mr. Francis, Lord Viscount Marsham, Mr. ALNagh Air. Air.

Charles Adams, Mr. Rose, Mr. Carry, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor Genera], Mr. Thornton, Mr. Gibbs, Mr. Fox, the Earl Temple, Sir David Carnegie, Mr. Bagwell, the Mailer of the Rolls, Mr. Tierney, the Lord Glenbervie, Lord Viscount Mr.

Air. Stanley, Sir John HonyxcoodAir. Mr.

Dickins, Mr Blackburnof LanAir. Air.

Serjeant Bejt, Mr. Foster, Mr. Beresford, Lord Viscount Stopford, Mr. Canning, Doctor Sir Robert John

Buxton, Mr. Grenville, Sir William Curtis, Doctor Imw-rence, Mr. IlaiokinsBroxvne, Mr. IJolford. Air.

Mr. Latouche, Mr. Knox, Sir William Sir

Richard Hill, Mr . Ferguson, Mr. Erskine, Sir

Waljh, Sir George Fitzgerald Hill, Sir John Mr. Charles Yorke, Sir Henry Puulet Saint John may, Sir William Young, Mr. WMr. Sheridan,

Air. Sargent, the Lord EbringtonAir. Air.

Secretary at War, Sir John William Air. Henry

Lascelles, Mr. Ormsby, the Earl of Mr. Wallace,

the Lord De Blaquiere, Mr. Coke of Norfolk,- Lord Viscount Fitz Harris, Mr. DickinfMr. Dundas, Mr. Lang, Sir William Elford, Air An Mr. Giles, A1 r. '

Fonblanque, Air* FeUowes, the Advocate General, Sir Robert Peel, the Lord Porchester, Sir Charles Mor ice Pole,

Sir William Pidteney, Mr. Parker Coke, Lord Henry Petty,

Mr. Praed, Mr. Shakespear, Mr. Mr.;

and all the Knights of Shires, all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and all the Merchants in the House: And they are to meet upon Alonday seven-night, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s chamber; and to lit every Wednesday, Friday, and Alonday* in the Afternoon; and all who come are to have voices; and they are to take into corifi-deration all such matters as shall or may come in question, touching Privileges; and to report their proceedings, writh their opinion thereupon, to ti e House, from time to time; and the Committee are to have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records, for their information; and, if any thing shall come in question touching the matter of Privilege of any A1ember, he is to withdraw during the time the matter is in Debate.

Committee of Privileges appointed•

Ordered, That all persons, who will question any Returns of Alembers to serve in Parliament, for any county, city, borough, or place, in Great Britain, do

Other iifua! Orders,

river Thames and the said Railway at Wandsworth, all in question the fame within fourteen days next, and so

the County of Surrey)-, and that the Petitioners have made great progress in forming the said Railway and other works, and have not only expended thereon all the money they have been able to raile under the authority of the said Act, but have also contracted divers debts: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the said Company to raise such further sum of money as may be requisito for the purposes aforesaid, and for the completing the said Railway and other works.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-fuleration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord William Sir John

Frederick, &c.: And t hey are to meet Tommorrow Alorning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and nave Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Vol 60.

within fourteen days next after any new Return shall be brought in.

Ordered, That all persons, who will question any Returns of Alembers to serve in Parliament for Ireland, do question the fame by presenting a Petition to this House within fourteen days next, and so within fourteen days next, after any new Return shall have been brought into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of Great Britain, or by lodging a Petition in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, within fourteen days next, and so within fourteen days next after any new Return shall have been brought into the said Office of the Clerk of the Crown in Great Britain.

Ordered, That when any such Petition shall have been lodged in the said Office of the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, within the time before limited, the said Clerk shall forthwith make a copy thereof, to be preserved in the said Office, and immediately thereupon shall transmit

6

16° Januani. A. 1805.

such original Petition (in the method used in conveying returns of Writs) to the Speaker of the House of Commons, to be by him laid before the House: And that, in case no such Petition shall have been lodged in the said Office within the time before limited, the said Clerk of the Crown shall forthwith transmit a Certificate in the like manner to the Speaker of the House of Commons, signed by himself, or his deputy, specifying the time when such Return was made, and that no such Petition had been lodged in his Office previous to the date of such Certificate.

Ordered, That all Members, who are returned for two or more places in any part of the United Kingdom, do make their election by this day three weeks for which of the places they will serve, provided there be no question Upon the return for that place; and, if any thing shall come in question touching the return or election of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the matter is in Debate; and that all Members, returned upon double returns, do withdraw till their returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this realm, except such Peers of Ireland as shall, for the time being, be actually elected, and shall not have declined to serve for any county, city, or borough of Great Britain, hath any right to give his vote in the election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That it is a high infringement of the liberties and privileges of the Commons of the United Kingdom, for any Lord of Parliament or other Peer or Prelate, not being a Peer of Ireland at the time elected, and not having declined to serve for any county, city, or borough of Great Britain, to concern himself in the election of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, except only any Peer of Ireland at such elections in Great Britain respectively, where such Peer shall appear as a candidate, or by himself or any others be proposed to be elected; or for any Lord Lieutenant, or Governor of any County, to avail himself of any authority derived from his commission, to influence the election of any Member to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Refo'ved, That, if it shall appear that any person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt practices, this House will proceed with the utmost severity against such person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any person from appearing, or giving evidence, the fame is declared to be a high'erime and misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost severity against such offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any person hath given false evidence, in any case, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the Utmost severity against such offender.

Resolved, That, in all cases of controverted elections for Counties in England and Wales, the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient time, to be appointed by the House, deliver to the fitting Members, or their agents, lids of the persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the fitting Members; giving, in the said lifts, the several heads of objection, and distinguishing the fame against the names of the Voters excepted to; and that the fitting Members do, by themselves, or by their agents, within the same time, deliver the like lifts on their part to the Petitioners, or their agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Anns attending this House do, from time to time, take into his custody any stranger, or strangers, that he shall see, or be infonned of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the Iloufe, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no person, so taken into custody, be discharged out ofeustody without the special order of the House.

Ordered, That the back door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every morning at the fitting of the House, and the key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by 3

him; and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any person whatsoever without order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every day before the door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take care, that, from eleven of the clock in the Morning till one in the Afternoon, and from four till fix in the Afternoon, during the Session of

7 O

Parliament, the passages through the streets between 7en?-ple Bar and Westminster Hall Until be kept free and open; and that no obstructions be made, by cars, drays, carts, or otherwise, to hinder the passage of the Members to and from this House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give notice of this order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take care that there he no gaming, or other difolders, in Wefhnivfter Hall, or the passages leading to the House, during the fitting of Parliament; and that there be no annoyance by chairmen, footmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts.

Ordered, That tl ie said Orders he font to the High Bailiff of lEeJhninster; and that he do fee the fame put in execution.

Ordered, That no Footman he permitted to he within the lobby of the I louse, or upon the stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care that there be no gaining, or other disorders, in the room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do take into his custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of custody but by the special order of the House.

Ordered, That to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the person appointed to bring letters from the General Poll Office to this House, or some other person, to be appointed by the Pofunafter General, do, for the future, every day during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend from ten of the clock in the Morning till one in the Afternoon, and for two hours at the leail immediately after the rising of the House; and also from five of the clock in the Afternoon till seven, at the place appointed for the delivery of the said Letters, and take care, during his stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known servant or servants, or others, bringing notes under the hands of the Members fending for the lame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such letters as shall remain undelivered, and that no letter be delivered but within the hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders he sent to the Post-master General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed to this Iloufe, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame; and acquaint the House, at their next fitting, with the contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, when the House is going to prayers, give notice thereof to ail Committees; and that all proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such notice, he declared to he null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of tin's House he printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint. the printing thereof; and that, no person, hut such as he shall appoint, do prcl’ume to print the fame.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire Committeeon what Temporary Laws of a public and general nature, £*i»ring made by the Parliaments o(England, or Great Britain, appointed, or Ireland, or of the United Kingdom, are now in force,

' and

45 Geo. III.

16° Janua

and what Laws of the like nature- parted by the English, JBritish, Irish, or United Parliaments, have expired, between the first day of the Jail Session of Parliament and the first day of the present Sertion; and also what Laws of the like"nature are about to expire at the end of the present Sertion, or before the 31ft day of July 1806, or in the course or at the end of any Sertion which may com-

Ministers, and of the established principles of the of Nations.

We humbly acknowledge Ypur Ma fs in

having been pleased to inform us, that these transactions (so repugnant to of

moderation and justice) Your has recently received a communication from the Government,

mence during that period, or in consequence of any con- containing professions of a pacific disporttion; and while

tingent public event and to report the fame, with their observations thereupon, to the Mouse:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do feport their opinion from time to time to the House, which of the said Laws are fit, to be rerived, continued, or made perpetual.

Ordered, That the said Committee have power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have leave to fit notwithstanding any adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 29th day

we feel deeply sensible of Your Majesty’s paternal regard and unremitting solicitude for the welfare and happiness of Your People, expressed in Your Majesty’s eameit desire to embrace the first opportunity of re ft or ins? the blertings of Peace, on such grounds as may be consistent with the permanent safety and interests of Your Majesty’s Dominions; we at the lame time, cordially agree with Your Majesty, that those objects are closely connected with the general security of Europe; and we acknowledge the propriety and wifdbm of Your Majesty’s determination to decline entering into more particular explanation, till You have had time to communicate with those Powers on the Continent with whom Your Majesty is engaged in confidential intercourse and connection, with a view to this important objefit.

We learn with peculiar satisfaction, that Your Majesty has received the llrongeft proof of the wile and dignified

of November in the lad Si -ilion of Parliament, was made sentiments by which the Emperor of Rvjfm is animated, from the Committee who were appointed to enquire what and of the warm interest He takes in the fofety and inde-Laws are expired or near expiring, and to report their pendence of Europe.

opinion from time to time to the House, which of them Much as we lament the necelfity of imposing additional are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual, be re- burthens on Your Majesty’s subjects, we are, at the fame ferred to the said Committee. time, so sensible how much their future safety and happi-

ness depend upon the vigour of our exertions, that Your Mr. Dillon reported from the Committee, appointed Majesty may rely upon our granting such Supplies as the

yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to His exigency of the public service may require, preferring, Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address at the same time, an anxious desire erteftually to support accordingly; which they had directed him to report to public credit, and to rest rain as much as potiible the ac-

the House; and he read the fame in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

cumulation of the National Debt.

It affords us great consolation and fat-sfaffion to observe, that the proofs of the internal wealth and refourees of the Country appear to keep pace with the efforts and sacrifices which the nature of the contest requires; and

We Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, Your Majesty may firmly rely on our zeal to maintain

Tommorrow.

the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, beg leave to return Your Majesty the Thanks of this House, for Your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

We have witnessed with pride and satisfaction the skill and intrepidity of Your Majesty’s Navy, the respectable and formidable state of Your Majesty’s Army and Militia, the unabated zeal and improved discipline of a numerous Volunteer Force, and the general ardour manifested by all classes of Your Majesty’s Subjects. Although the preparations for the Invasion of this Kingdom have been continued with incessant activity, we are firmly persuaded that while this spirit animates the Country, and its volun- by this House, tary exertions for its own defence subsistin their full vigour, they will be found sufficient to deter the Enemy from attempting to carry their repeated menaces into effect; and we shall never forget, that as our security has arisen from the resolution with which w e have met and provided against the danger, we can be preserved only by steady perseverance and unremitting activity.

We beg leave to return Your Majesty our humble Thanks, for having been graciously pleased to direct that a copy of the Manifesto which you have caused to be prepared in consequence of the Rupture with Spain should be laid before us, together with such papers as are necessary to explain the difeuflions which have taken place between Your Majesty and that Court; and we ashire Your Majesty that we will take them into our early and serious consideration.

While we regret the extension of hostilities, Your Majesty may rely on our constant support to such measures as may be necessary for maintaining the honour of Your Crown, and asserting the just rights of Your People.

We feel in common with Your Majesty, that on the Continent the general conduct of the French Government has been marked by the utmost violence and outrage, and has shewn a wanton defiance of the rights of neutral Territories, of the acknowledged privileges of accredited

VOL. 60.

and improve these advantages, and to adopt such measures as, by enabling Your Majesty to prosecute the War with vigour, may afford the best prospect of bringing it to a safe and honourable termination.

The said Address being mad a second time;

Befolved, That this House cloth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majestvv Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of H is Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty’s pleasure, when lie will be attended

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to King’sSpeecl» both Houses of Parliament be taken into consideration tot>e

considered.

The Ploufe being informed, that Mr. Williams (Secre- Ninth Report tary to the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry) attended at of Com' the door; he was called in •, and at the Bar presented to ^avaT of the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of inquiry. Parliament, presented.

The Ninth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry—Receipt and Issue of Stores in Plymouth Yard.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table,

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this SefiioiL

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The King

appoints t? be attended.

King’s Speech considered.

Motion for Supply.

To be considered.

Answer to Addreii.

1

| Trlmley, &c.

I Inclosure

t Petition.

l

\ proitwich

Writ.

Coal Factors

Indemnify

Petition.

8 1?°—21°

Jovis, 17° die Jamarii,

Anno 45® Georgii III*11 Regis, 1805. Prayers.

LORD Viscount Stojifordreported to the House,

That His Majesty, having been waited upon (pursuant to the Order of yesterday) humbly to know His Majesty’s pleasurd, when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this day, at three of the clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into consideration His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the fame w'as again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the clock.

Lunce, 21° die

Anno 45° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1805.

Januarii. A. 1805.

Petitioners, not underfiahding it was meant or intended by the said Act that as w'ell the Christian names as the surnames of such Crimps or Factors, or persons having the disposal of such coals, and of the buyers of such coals, should be subscribed at full length, or that the names or firm of several persons being partners iliould be subscribed other wise than is usual in their several dealings in trade, have incautiously subscribed contracts for the sale of coals with the initials or abbreviations of their Christian names, their surnames being at full length, and sometimes in such other manner as, the Petitioners are now advised, w'as not strictly consonant to the letter, true intent, or meaning, of the said Act; whereby the Petitioners are apprehensive that they, or some of them, may have incurred, or become liable to, the penalty mentioned in the said Act, although they did not subscribe the said contrafts, in manner aforesaid, with any intention of fraud or deceit, or of evading the provisions of the said Act, but from a custom and mode of signature frequently adopted by the trade at large in the fiibfcribing of contrafts: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify the Petitioners, and all other persons, against any penalties or forfeitures which they may have incurred under the said Provisions of the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir J William Mr. Alderman Combe, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

1 J.

f-

a!

[t.

i,

> ]’■

p-

■ e

i,

t- / i:

i'

.1

[!■

Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That the House attended His Majesty onThurfday last, lvith their Address; to which His. Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return You my warmest Thanks for this loyal and dutiful Address.

It affords Me the greatest satisfaction to receive the declaration of Your full Concurrence in the sentiments which have distated My Answer to the Communication from the French Government.

The eonriftion You express, that the safety and permanent interests of this Country are closely connected with the Security of Europe, and the cordial affuranees of Your zealous support in enabling Me to prosecute the Warwith vigour till it can be brought to a safe and honourable termination, are calculated to produce the happielt eflefts in the present situation of affairs.

APetition of several Owners of Estates in the parishes of Trimley Saint Mary, TrimleySaint Martin, Kirton, and

Nation, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Th.1t there are within the said parishes certain commonable lands, heaths, and vaste grounds; and if the fame w'ere divided and inclosed, they might be greatly improved: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury and Lord Viscount Brome do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Droitieich, in the room of Sir Edu ard

Wilmington, Baronet, deceased.

A Petition of several Crimps, Factors, or persons employed in the disposal of Coals, in the Coal M arket, in the City of London, was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That the said Market was established on the 2d day of this infiant January, by virtue of an Act, passed in the 43d^year of His present Majesty; and that the

A Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts Fetimal herein after mentioned, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That two Acts were passed in the Roads 29th year of his late Majesty, and in the 7th year of His Fetinou. present Majesty, for making and widening a Read from the Raft fide of the parish of Saint Matt hero Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to the East end of Church Street, in the said parish, and to open a Way or Road into Shoreditch, and for other purposes; and that the Petitioners have borrowed considerable sums of money on the credit thereof, which still remain due, and cannot be paid offi nor can the Roads mentioned in the said Acts be properly amended and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be further continued, the pow ers a id provisions thereof amended and enlarged, and the tolls increased: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Maimcartng, Mr. Bung, &c.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Powrer to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Fund.

The House being informed, that Mr. John fan (from the irei?nd— Office of the Chief Secretary lor Iattended at the Door, he was called in ;.and at the Bar presented to the p House, pursuant to their Orders of the (Sth day of February, the nth day of June, and the 4H1, 9th, iotli, nth, and 24th days of July, in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account of the Permanent Charges on the Confo- cwiidated liduted Fund of Ireland, as they flood on the 5th January 1804, as far as the fame can be ascertained:

And also,

An Account of the particulars of the Charges imposed Upon the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, oxclul’ve of the Interest and Charges of the Public Debt, from ift January 1799 to 5th January 1804; fpceifying the time when such Charges were made, and for w hom by name, ami by what warrant or authority: And also,

A Return of all Offices or Employments granted by patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, or by warrant from the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, from the n't day of

January

and

Employ-

ments,

13

v.

Ml.:

H,

k‘V

llflj

k ti*-!

.^■1

w;

MTot

l!*L

* jg

1

Geo. ill.

Sl° Januarin

January 1800 to the ift day of June 1804; speccifying whether any, and which of them, are granted with any and what salary, payable out of or chargeable Upon any and what fund—Civil Department r And a!so,

A Return of all Odices or Employments granted determined by patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, or the warrant of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, from the ift day of January 1801 to the ift day of June 1804; speccifying whether any, and which of them, are granted with any and w^at salary, payable out of or chargeable upon any and what fund—M ilitary Department: And also,

A Ret urn of all Odices or Employments in the Barrack Department, granted by patent under the Great Seal of Ireland, or the warrant of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, from 1 ft January 1800 to the ift June 1804; specifying whether any, and which of them, are granted with any and what salary, payable out of or chargeable upon any and what fund: And also, m,&c. A Book, intituled, " Custom Department of the tive to Revenue—Copy of all general Orders for the better

mw.1*14 collecting and paying in the Revenues of Ireland, from UUt* the ift of January 1800 to the 4th of July 1804:" And also,

A Book, intituled, " Excise Department of the Re1 " venue—Copies of all general orders for the better col-" footing and paying in of the Revenues of Ireland,

" made by the Conmiiiiioners of Excise, from the ift of " January 1800 And also,

A Book, intituled, " Custom Department of the Revenue—Copies of the Orders, InstrucHons, and other " Documents, respecting the better and more speedy collecting and paying info the Exchequer the Revenues " of Ireland, from the Oliiee of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant and from the Commissioners of " the Treasury, from the ift January 1800 to the 9th

* July 1804And also,

A Book, intituled, " Custom Department of the Revenue—Copies of the Returns, Reports, and Pro-" ceedings, upon the Orders, Instructions, and other Do-* cuinents, received by the Board from the Office of the " Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant* and from the Commissioners of the Treasury of ,respecting

" the better and more, speedy collecting and paying into " the Exchequer the Revenues of Ireland, from the ill " January 1800 to the 9th July 1804 And also,

A Book, intituled, " Excise Department of the Revenue—Copies of the Orders, Instructions, and other " Documents, received by the Board of Excise from " the Office of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieute-" nant, and from the Commissioners of the Treasury of * Ireland, respecting the better and more speedily col-" Iefting and paying into the Exchequer the Revenues " of Ireland, together with the Returns, Reports, and " Proceedings thereupon, since the ift of January 1800:"

And also,

A Book, intituled, " Stamp Office, Dublin—Copies " of the Orders, Instructions, and other Documents, re-" ceived by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp " Duties in Ireland, from the Office of the Chief Secre-" tary of the Lord Lieutenant, and from the Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland, respecting the better " and more speedily collecting and paying into the Exchequer the Revenues arising from the Stamp Duties, "together with copies of the Returns, * Reports, and " Proceedings thereupon, since the ift of January 1800 " to the qth of July 1804And also,

CmbL Copy of the Correspondence that took place between the Directors of Inland Navigation and the Grand Canal Company in Ireland, on the subject of lowering the Tolls on the Grand Canal, and a statement of such measures as have been adopted by the said Directors towards the reduction of the said Tolls: And also,

( Copy of the Instructions from the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to the Commissioners of the Board of Works in Ireland, the 31ft December 1801: And also.

Extract from a representation of the Commissioners of the Board of Works in Ireland to the Lord Lieutenant,

15th January 1802: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Return transmitted in pursuance VOL 60.

" of an Order of the House of Commons, da fed the 1 ith " of July 1804, relative to checking the Military Expenditure and Accounts And also,

A Book; intituled, "Custom Department of the Revenue—Copies of the Letters, Orders, Instru6Hons, and ing the " other Documents, received by the Board from the Revenues.

" Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland, relpecring " the better and speedy collecting and paying into the " Exchequer the Revenues of Ireland, together with " copies of the Returns, Reports, and Proceedings there-" upon, from the 24th March 1709 to the ill January " 1800:" And also,

A Book, intituled, " Excise Department of the -Revenue—Copies of the Letters, Orders, Instructions, and " other Documents, received by the Board of Excise " from the Commissioners of the Treasury- of Ireland,

" respecting the better and more speedy collecting and " paying into the Exchequer the Revenues of Ireland,

" together with the Returns, Reports, and Proceedings " thereupon, from the 25 th of March 1799 to the ift of " January 1800:"

Air. Johnson also presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of the Parliament of Ireland,

The Thirtieth Report of the Commissioners of Account Report of of Ireland-, together With thirty-one several Accounts referred to in the said Report Account.

And then he w ithdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts, Papers, Books, and Report, do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such of the said Books as are presented to be to the Ilonle in pursuance of the Orders of the gth day PrMUd-of Jul y last, be print ed for the Members of the House.

The said Papers and Books are preferred amongst Appendix, the other Papers of this Session; and the said 1.)

Accounts and Report, are inserted in the Appendix to this volumel

The House was moved. That the entry in the Journal of Day ap-the House, of the 17th day of July in the last Session of Par- consideriu>r liament, of the Resolutions of the House upon taking into Special""5 further consideration the Report, which was made from *teP°rt froia the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the Eieftion * merits of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Committee. Election and Return for the County of respecting the conduct of the Sheriff' of the said County at the said election, might be read.

And the fame was read accordingly; and is as fob loWeth; viz.

" Resolved, That it appears to this House, that it is too " late to proceed to take the said Report into further " consideration in this Session of Parliament.

" Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That it will be " highly expedient, that the House do proceed to take " the fame into consideration as early as possible in the " next Session of Parliament."

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into consideration upon Tommorrow sevennight, the 29th day of this instant January.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies Paper* or Extracts of all Dispatches or Correspondence received relative to from India since the last Session of Parliament, relative to with Hoikar Hostilities between the British Governments and a Mar- ordered. * ha I fa Chief called Jefwunt Rao Holkctr, and the causes thereof, as far as may be confident with the public service, and with the good faith due to persons from whom secret intelligence may have been received.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to Committee oa resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Motion for consider of the Motion, made upon Thursday last. That a Sui>piy' j

Supply be granted to His Majesty; j

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, be referred to the said J

Committee. j

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. i

Mr. Speaker left the Chair j

Mr. Wallace took the Chair of the Committee. v

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wallace reported from the Committee, That they D had

J

*j

Accounts, presented j

Prohibited

East India Goods*

Naval Stores from Russia.

Whale Ships.

Customs Superannuation Fund,

Patent

O&ces.

Agmon-defhara Writ.

10

had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

21°.—22° yanuarii.

A. 1805.

J)raLc Garrard, Esquire, who, finre his ebTTiou for the fui<) I5oron*.?h, lint}i jicocpted the Office of Stounrd or Bail iff of 11 is Maj fly’s three Chrltern hundreds of bdokc, Defiormtgh, and Bonndunn, in the County of Buck-

ingham.

Martis, 22° die

Anno 45# Georgii III'11 Regis, 1805.

; Rrayers.

TII £ House being informed, that some of the Commissioners of the Cutloms, attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of prohibited India Goods imported into the warehouses in Nr;e Street Bishopsgate and the baggage warehouses in Saint in the port of

I am dim] for China, Coajl, Surat, and all the private trade

and privilege goods, from Michaelmas 1803 to Michaelmas 1804, what exported Apring that period, and what remained in the said warehouses at Michaelmas 1804, as per Accounts: And also.

An Account of prohibited East India Goods imported into the Bengal warehouse, Acre Street in the port of Iandon, from Michaelmas 1803 to Michaelmas 1804; also what exported during that time, and what remained at Michaelmas 1804: And also,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in His Majesty’s warehouse in the port of I an don at Michaelmas 1S03, what have been since brought in, what exported, and what remained at Michaelmas 1804 in the said warehouse: And also.

An Account of East India Goods, prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective warehouses in the Out Ports at Michaelmas 1803, what have been fmee brought in, what exported, and also what remained at Michaelmas 1804: And also,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods which remained out of the Bengal and Coajl warehouses in Street Bishopsgate Street, Private Trade warehouse, and the Custom House, in the port of at Michaelmas

1803, in order to be dyed, glazed, and refreshed, what have been since delivered out, what returned, and what remained at Michaelmas 1804: And also.

An Account of Naval Stoics imported from Bn fa into the port of London, from Michaelmas 1803 to Michaelmas 1804: And also,

An Account of Naval Stores imported from into the ports of England, commonly called the Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1803 to Michaelmas 1804: And also. An Account of the number of Ships which have been employed in the Whale lathery to Davis's Straights and the Greenland Seas-, distinguishing their names, tonnage, ports from whence they were fitted out, ports where they were discharged, and also the quantity of Blubber imported in each iSliip, in the year 1S04: And also,

A Lift of all Persons who were employed in the service of the Customs, and have been placed upon the Superannuation Fund, fmee the Stli of February 1804, the day on which the last Lift was submitted: And also.

An Account of Patent Offices abolished since the Act of 38 Geo. III. cap. 86, and where it has been found necessary to make new appointments for the execution of the duties thereof.

And then they withdrew; and the Titles were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts and Lift do lie upon the Table.

The said Accounts and Lift are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several Trustees fur putting in execution Derby and an Act, made in the 17th year of His present Majesty, ^"rne for repairing the Koarl leading from the Gaol Bridge, in Petition the I own of Derby, through the Town of Ashbonic, to Hitrdloc 1 Ioufe in the County of Derbu, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have made great progress in repairing the said Bond, whereby a considerable debt has been incurred, which cannot be repaid, and the said Road edeetually amended and kept in repar, unlei’s the term granted by the said Art is farther continued, and the powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-■ fi derat ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the I Ioufe:

And it is referred to Lord George Adgnjhis Henry Cuvendish, Mr. Ma:iduy &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to lend lbr peribas, papers, and records.

Accounts

ordered:

Fxports to Spjnish Ports.

Permment and War Taxes.

F. x chequer Bills.

Ordered, That there ho hi hi before this House, an Account of all the Exports to the Spa niPorts in the years 1803. and 1804, as far as the lame can he made out.

Ordered, there be laid before this House, an Account of the net produce of the Permanent Taxes and the War Taxes, for the year ending r,th January 1803; distinguishing each quarter, and ddlinmi’llmig the produce of the Permanent Taxes and the War Taxes.

Ordered, That there belaid before this House, an Account of the Exchequer Bills out (landing on the r}th January 1S05; distinguishing the Acts under whic h they have been created, and the Funds on which they are charged.

Befohed, That this House will not receive any Pcti- Time limited Rons for Private Bids, after the ill day of March next. PetiPonV.'118

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee appointed j^Port to enquire what temporary Laws of a public and general nature, made by the Parliaments of England, or (Drat Britain, or Ireland, or of the United Kingdom, are now in force, and what Laws of the like nature patted by the Engl iff, British, Irish, or United Parliaments, have ex-

pired, between the first day of the last Session of Parliament and the tirll day of the present Session; and also what Laws of the like nature are about to expire at the end of the prefer.! Session, or before the 3; ft day of July 1S06, or in the conrfe or at the end of any Session which may commence during that period, or in confoqnonce of any contingent public event; and to report the fame, with their obforvations thereupon, to the House; and who were instructed to report their opinion, from time to time, to the House, which of the said Laws are tit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; That the Committee had examined the matters to them referred, and had directed him to make a report thereof to the 1 Ioufe; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report and Appendix, be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

N. B. A printed copy is with the original.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the A Petition of several Trustees for executing two A els, WctHnorhnd Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the passed in the 2d and 24th years of His present Majesty, &c. electing of a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for repairing and widening the Roads from Petition,

for the Borough of Agmondesham, in the room of Charles High Lane Head, in the County of through

4 Sedbergh,

45 Geo. III. 22°—23° Januarii.

11

Sedberph, to Give fa Bridge, in the County Palatine of I area iter, and from Bracken Bar Cafe, near in

the County of York, through Sedbergh to Kirkhy Kendal, and also the Road from the Four Lane End.1!, in zvaite, to the Turnpike Road on Cray rig* rleading from Appleby to Kirkbu Ken did, in the County of

morland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That great progress hath been made in repairing and improving the said Roads, for which purpose a considerab'e sum of money hath been borrowed, and is now due; and that the said debt cannot be paid off nor the said Roads be maintained and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be continued, and some of the powers and provisions thereof altered and amended; and it is necessary that the toll to be collected on a part of the said Roads should be increased: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the eon-sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Mr.

force, &. c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Report from Mr. Wallace acc ording to Order, reported from the Vutnn'for011 Committee of the whole House, to w hom it was referred supply. to consider of the Motion made upon Tluufdav lad, That a Supply he granted to Ills Majesty, the Re dilution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followoth; viz.

Rcfblved, That it is the opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a second time;

Re faded, Nemiue confradiecnfe. That this House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Committee of Resolved, That this House w ill. Tommorrow, resolve supply, jtfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, to consider appomte. tj,e Supply granted to His Majesty.

Estimates, &c. ordered:

Ordinary of the Navy.

Extra Navy.

Guards and Garrisons.

Ordnance.

Services not provided for.

Navy Debt.

Tan (port •ervice.

'ifcners of Var.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy for the year 1805, with an Estimate of the Half-pay Officers of the Navy, and such of the Officers of the Royal Marines, as w ere employed in the last w ar, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Edimate of the charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s yards, and other extra works, over and above w hat are proposed to be done upon the heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the year 1805, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Edimate of the charge for Guards, Ga. rifons, and other Land Forces, for the year 1805, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Edimate of the charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the year 1805, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of Senat es incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy on the 31ft day of December 1804, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the probable expence of the Transport Service for the year 1805, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Money that will be wanted for the payment of the Hire of Transports, between the iff of January and the 3 iff of December 1805, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Monies that will be wanted for the service of Prisoners of War in Health, between the iff of January and the 31st of December 1803, be laid before this l louse.

Ordered, That an Estimate of what Money may probably be wanted for the service of Sick Prisoners of War, VoL. 60.

for thirteen lunar months, commencing the iff of January 1803, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to IIi3 Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give directions to the proper officers to lay before this House the said Estimates and Account.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

A Pi t it ion of several Owners of Estates, and Inha- Camberwell bitants refuting within or near the several parishes and K^ington places herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, waterworks and read; setting forth, That the inhabitants of the parish Petition, of Saint Giles Camberwell, and parts of the several parishes

of Saint Manfs Lambeth, Saint John's, Saint Mary Magda ’cn B’nnondsey, Saint Mary's Rotherhithe, Saint Nicholas and Saint Paid’s Deptford, Saint Manj Newington, and the several townships, hamlets, and places of Kensington, Stockwell, Clapham, P Peckham Rye,

Dulwich, and places adjacent, in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, are in great want of good and wholesome w ater for domestic uses; and that the said parishes and places are become very populous, and are greatly increasitig in buildings; and in case of accidents by lire the Petitioners and others would be exposed to the most calamitous Hate, for want of a sufficient supply of water; and that the making of one or more reservoir or reservoirs, and erecting of water works, with proper fire ei lgi nes and other necessary engines and works, at or near a certain place called Kensington Green, or at or near a certain creek called Creek,

or at or near a certain other creek or dock near or adjoining certain gardens, tailed Cumberland Tea Gardens, all in the said parish of Saint Mary s Lfor supplying the said reservoir or reservoirs and other works with water from the river Thames, would be the means of remedying the inconveniences aforesaid, and in other respects be of great public utility: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord William Russell, Sir John Frederick, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 23° die Januarii;

Anno 45* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Trustees for putting in execu* Lodwithjd tion two Acts of the 2d and 24 th years of His present Ra.d Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Petition* Lostwithiel Turnpike Road in the Parish of Creed, in the County of Cornwall, through Treg to Ruan Lane-home, and from Dennis Water to three hundred yards on the South fide of Trethim Mill, in the Parish of Saint Jujl, in the said County, and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants refidingnear the said Road, and also of the several persons who have advanced money on the credit of the said Acts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That several sums of money have been borrowed on the credit of the said Tolls, part whereof still remains due; and that considerable repairs are Hill wanting to be done to the said Road, and some of the powers, provisions, and regulations of the said Acts, have been found inadequate for the purposes intended; and that it is necessary the term of the said Acts should be extended, further or additional Tolls granted, and the powers, provisions, and regulations of the said Acts explained

Thirflc Writ.

Surrey

Railway

Petition,

reported.

Derby and Alh borne Road Petition, rcpoited*

12 23° Januarii. A. 1805.

plained and amended: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-fuleration of A Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Ilia 11 appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Lemon, Mr. Gregor, &c.: And they are to meet Td-morrow Morning, at Nine of the.clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Bnrgefs to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thirsk, in the room of Sir Page

Turner, Baronet, deceased.

Lord William Rtijell reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Surrey Iron Railway, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for making Railways, it not being intended to give power for raising any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the Line of the said Railway; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as fob lowoth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the 41 ft year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Railway from the Town of Wandf-icorthto the Town of Croydon, with a collateral Branch into the Parish of Carshalton, and a navigable communication between the River Thames and the said Railway at Wandfivorlh, all in the County of Surrey, was read:

And,

Mr. William Bedcott Luttly, Clerk to the said Company

of Proprietors, being examined, said, That the Petitioners have made great progress in forming the said Railway and other Works, and have not only expended thereon, all the money they have been able to raise under the authority of the said Act, but have also contrafted divers debts; and that it will be necessary for the Petitioners to raise such further sum as may be requisite for the purposes of completing the said Railway and other Works.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Surrey Iron Railway to raise a further sum of money for completing the said Railway and the "Works thereunto belonging: And that Lord William Bit (Jell and Sir John Frederick do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord George Augufius Henry reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in execution an Act, made in the 17th year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Gaol Bridge, in the Town of Derby, through the Town of Ashborne, to Hurdloe House, in the County of

Derby, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said'Petition, the said Act was read: And,

Mr. John Beresford, Clerk to the Trustees, being examined, laid, the Petitioners have proceeded to put the said Act into execution, and made great progress in repairing the said Road, whereby a considerable debt has been incurred which cannot be repaid, and the said Road effectually amended and kept in repair, unless the term granted by the said Act is further continued, and the powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and amend an Act, passed in the 17th year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Derby, through Ashborne, to Hurdloe House, in the County of Derby: And that Lord George Henry

Cavendish and Mr. Mundy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary at War reported to the House, That Answer to their Address of yesterday (that His Majesty would be Ad<ire1*' graciously pleased to give directions that the Estimates and Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions accordingly.

A Petition of the Commissioners and Governors of the simonbum Loyal Hospital for Seameit at Greenin the County of Kent, Lords of the Barony or Manor of Wark, in the County of Northumberland, and of James Allgood, Esquire,

and several other persons interested in the Common Moor or Tract of Waste Ground herein after mentioned, was presented to the I loufe, and read; setting forth, That there is within the Parish of Simonbum, in the said County,

a Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Ground, part whereof is called Elingham Rig Cand the other

part thereof Shillington Common, and if the fame were

divided and allotted unto the persons interested, it would tend greatly to the improvement of their Eliates: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Grey and Mr. Beaumont do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Evan Nepean presented to the House, pursuant to Estimates, their Address to His Majesty, presented-.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy for the ordinary of year 1805: And also, Nay,-

An Estimate of the charge of what may be necessary Extra Navy, for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants yards, and other extra works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the year 1805: And also.

An Estimate of the Money that will be wanted for the Transport Transport Service, and the maintenance of Prisoners of Semce*&c-War in Health, at home and abroad, from the 1 ft January to the 31ft December 1805: And also,

Estimate of what Money will probably be wanted for sick Prisoner* the Service of Prisoners of War in Sickness, for each month ot War’ in the year 1805.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof, and the other Estimates, Appendix, are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume. (No. 2.)

ft

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply SuPPJy* granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed die Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this I louse, a Re- Returns turn of the number of effective Men in any Foreign Levies formed or forming for the service of this Country. ordered.

Ordered,

45 Geo. III.

23"—24

" yanuarii.

13

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Returh Great Britain and Ireland; distinguishing the number of of the number of efteftive Men raised under an Act, passed such Recruits as shall have received the bounty for boys, in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return establishing and maintaining a permanent additional of the number of commissioned and non-commissioned Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for Officers that have been detached from their respective' " augmenting His Majesty’s regular forces, and for the regiments for the purpose of receiving men expected to* «gradual reduction of the Militia of England" up to the be raised under an Act of the last Session of Parliament? period of the last Returns, Hating the number of effective intituled, "An Act for establishing and maintaining a men recruited per week; distinguishing the number provid* permanent additional Force for the Defence of the

ed in each county by the parish officers from such as thall " stealm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty’s' have been recruited on account of the parishes by officers in * regular Forces, and for the gradual reduction of the

His Majesty’s service, and also specifying the number.oses festive men, raised under the said Act, who shall have en* lifted into His Majesty’s regular forces for general service.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the number of efteftive Men raised under an Act, passed 1804, and from thence to the ill of January 1805. in- the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for " establishing and maintaining a permanent additional <c Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for " augmenting His Majesty’s regular Forces, and for the gradual reduction of the Militia of Scotland, " up to the period of the last Return, dating the number of effective men recruited per week; distinguishing the number provided in each county by the parish officers from such as shall have been recruited on account of the parishes by officers in His Majesty’s service, and also specifying the number of effective men, raised under the said Act, who

Militia of England."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of all deaths, desertions, discharges, or other casualties, since the commencement of the War to the ift of January

And then the House adjourned till To-morrowt Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, 24° die

Anno 45® Georgii IIP" Regis, 1805.

Prayers,

shall have enacted into His Majesty’s regular forces for MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and

general service. ~ ~ -

The Lord* have passed

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the number of efteftive Men raised under an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " establishing and maintaining a permanent additional "Force, to be raised in Ireland, for the defence of the " Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty’s " regular Forces, " up to the period of the last Return,

Hating the number of effective men recruited per week distinguishing the number provided in each county by the parish officers from such as shall have been recruited on account of the parishes by officers in His Majesty’s service, and also specifying the number of effective men, raised under the said Act, who shall have enlisted into His Majesty’s regular forces for general service.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the number of effective Men enlisted from the Army the Office of the Chief Secretary for IrelandJ attended of Reserve into His Majesty’s regular forces for general at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented service, up to the last return; distinguishing those enlisted to the House, pursuant to their Order of the xeth day of

Bill respecting Insolvent Debtors.

Mr. Smith t Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to remedy certain Omissions in on Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors;" to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the first Bill read, time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Toe morrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

previous to the ift of June last from such as have been enlisted subsequent to that period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the number of effective Recruits raised for the two new Battalions now recruiting in Scotland for general service, and for the four new Ba ttalions now recruiting in Ireland for general service; distinguishing the recruits intermediately approved from those finally approved, up to the last weekly returns, and also distinguishing the number of such recruits as shall have received the bounty for boys, together with the dates of letters of service of the said corps.

Ordered, *17131 there be laid before this House, a Return of the number of effective Men, finally approved for ge-

The House being informed, that Mr. Johnfim (from Account of.

’’ Sums granted

for Grand Canal of Ireland, p relented.

July, in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account of the sums of money that have been granted for the Grand Canal of Ireland since the commencement of that work.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. The said Account is Jaferted in the Appendix to this volume.

Sir John William reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Crimps, Factors, or persons employed in the dispolal of Coals, in the Coal Market, in the City of Isondon, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, neral service, up to the last returns, raised by Officers for and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to rank, exclusive of the Recruits enlisted for the new Bat- them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; talions railing for general service in Scotland, and the four and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: new Battalions for general service railing in Ireland. Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, aRetum To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, of the number of Recruits finally approved for general pafledinthe43dyear of thereignof Hispresent Majesty, service, from the ill of June last to the ill of January intituled, "An Act for establishing a free Market in the instant, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and " City of London for the sale of Coals, and for preventing Ireland, for Corps at home and abroad (exclusive of the " frauds and impositions in the vend and delivery of all Recruits enlisted for the two new Battalions raising for " Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain general service in Scotland, and four new Battalions raif- " places therein mentioned," was read: And,1 ing for general service in Ireland, exclusive of Recruits Mr. Gillespie being examined, said, That the said raised for general service by Officers for rank) distin- Market was established on the second day of this instant guishing the number of such Recruits who shall have January, and the Petitioners not understanding that it received the bounty for boys; also, a Return of the num- was meant or intended by the said Act, that, as well the her of Recruits finally approved for general service, from christian names as the fumames of the Crimps or Factors, the ill of June last to the ill of January instant, and re- or Persons having the disposal of such Coals, and of the ertfited by the recruiting Staff in the United Kingdom of buyers of such Coals, should be subscribed at full length, Vol. 00. E or

Appendix

(No- 3 )

Coal Fa£lori Indemnity Petition, reported.

Derby and

Act borne Road B'ltt, prefwittd.

Kturtfto-

rough I/le^tion— petition of *letto«.

14 24° Januarii. ' . 1805*

Dr that the names or firm, of several persons being partners should be subscribed otherwise than is usual in their several dealings in trade, have incautiously subscribed Contracts for the sale of Coals, with the initials, or abbreviations, of their chriliian names, their surnames being at full length, and sometimes in such other maimer as the Petitioners are now advised was not strictly consonant to the letter, true intent, or meaning, of the saidA6t, whereby the Petitioners are apprehensive, that they or feme of them may have incurred, or become liable to a penalty of one hundred pounds, in the said Act mentioned, although they did not subscribe the said Contrafts in manner aforesaid, with any intention of fraud or deceit, or of evading the provisions of the Act, but from a custom and mode of signature frequently adopted by the trade at large in subscribing Contrafts, and partly originating from an Act made in the third year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the second, intituled, "An Act; " for the better regulation of the Coal Trade," and which is in part repealed by the said recited Act, they having strictly complied with such provisions since they had been advised in manner aforesaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify all persons employed in the disposal of Coals in the Coal Market in the City of , who have in-

curred penalties under certain provisions of an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for establishing a free Market in the City of London for the sale of Coals, and for preventing frauds and impositions in the vend and delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London within certain places therein mentioned: And that Sir John Wi'liam Anderson and Sir Charles Price do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord George Augtiftus Henry Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue and amend an Act, passed in the 17th year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Derby, through Ashbdme to Hurd'oe House, in the County of

Derby: And the fame was received j and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of the several persons whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the borough of Knaresborough, in the County of York, was delivered in at the Table, and read; setting forth. That His Majesty’s Writ, tested the 9th day of July last past, for the election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, in the room of William Cavendish, Esquire, who had accepted the office of Steward or Bailiff of the three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, and

Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham, was issued, directed to the Sheriff of York, and which was, on the 23d day of July last, delivered to James Fox, Esquire, then Sheriff of the same County of York, who thereupon issued his Precept, directed to the Bailiffs of the said Borough of Knaresborough, the said Bailiffs being the Returning Officers of said Borough, requiring them forthwith to cause a Burgess to be elected for the said Borough, in the place of the said William Cavendish, Esquire, according to the command of the said Writ; and which Precept was on the 23d day of July delivered to John Carr, one of the Bailiffs of the said Borough; and that, on the 25th day of the fame month of July, James Collins, the other Bailiff of the said Borough, together with the said John Carr, did cause Proclamation to be made, on the Market Cross in Knarejbo-rough, that the Election would be proceeded in on Monday the 30th day of the fame month of July, at eleven o’clock in the forenoon, at the Tolbooth there; and that the Petitioners, and several other persons having, or claiming to have, a right to vote for Members of the said Borough, were proceeding to the Tolbooth on the morning of the said 30th day of July, in order to give their Votes at the said election; but in consequence of a very great riot and tumult, raised by a very large number of persons, who were not Electors for the said Borough, and in consequence of violent affmilts and ill treatment committed on several of the Electors, and on the Magistrates and Constables intended to keep order at the said election, and by block-

ing up the paffflge to the Tolbooth at the said Borough, and preventing the Bailiffs, Magistrates, and Electors, from entering the fame, the said Election could not be proceeded in; and that the said Bailiffs made the following Return to the Sheriff of the said County of York, who transmitted the same to the Clerk of the Crown, annexed to the Writ where it is now filed,—"We the Bailiffs of the Borough of Knaresborough, in the County of York, having received the Precept of the Sheriff of the said County for the Election of a Member for the said Borough, in the place of William Cavendish, Esquire, did on the 25th day of July instant make a Proclamation at the Market Cross in_ Knaresborough aforesaid, that the Election would be proceeded in on the day of the date hereof, at eleven o’clock in the forenoon, in the Tolbooth there—That, in pursuance of the said Proclamation, we attempted to proceed to such Election with the assistance of Sir,

Baronet, a Magistrate for the West Riding of the said County, and of twenty special Constables, but were unable to get to the Court Room by the violence of a Mob, consisting of several hundred people, who had previously obtained possession of the flairs leading thereto, headed and instigated by the following persons, namely,

Allen, attorney at law, Richard Denies, an eniign in the Knaresborough Volunteer Infantry, Robert half

pay quarter master in His Majesty’s Forces, Thomas Abbot, serjeant of a Volunteer corps of Cavalry, William Whitehead, corporal of a Volunteer corps of Infantry, Mark Lezvty, John Turnbull, and William Turnbidl, all of Knaresborough aforesaid, and several others whole names are at present unknown, who not only insulted and pelted the Magistrate and one of the Returning Officers, but allb took the staffs from the Constables, knocked them down as well as several of the Electors, and destroyed their cloaths, and also dragged one of the special Constables, servant to the said Sir John Ingilby, a considerable distance to the river fide, threatening to drown him—That, after our return from the Court House, the said Sir John,

being afterwards accompanied by John Wat fan, Esquire, and the Reverend Charles Knozvlton, Clerk, two other Magistrates for the said West Riding, finding that it would not only endanger the lives of themselves, the Returning Officers, and Voters, if they attempted to proceed in the Election, or read the Riot Act, but would be absolutely useless, as there were no soldiers nearer than the barracks at York, being twenty miles from this place, except the

Volunteers of Knaresborough, several of whom were seen

to encourage rather than suppress the mob—From the above circumstances, we hereby certify, that we are unable to execute the precept as directed, as witness our hands, this 30th day of July 1804, James Collins, John Carr;'— and that the Petitioners, in behalf of themselves and the other Electors of the said Borough of Knaresborough, humbly beg leave to represent the premises to the consideration of the House; and therefore praying, That the House will take the premises into their consideration on an early day, and grant to the Petitioners such relief in the premises as they in their wisdom shall think meet, so that the Petitioners, and the other Electors of the said Borough of Knaresborough, may be represented in the present Parliament, and that the persons who were guilty of the violence and outrage, which prevented the election from being proceeded in on the 30th day of July lait past, may be brought to punishment.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 25th year of His present Majesty, to limit the duration of Polls and Scrutinies, and for making other regulations touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for places within England and H ales, and for Bericick j/pon Ticced, and also for removing difficulties which may arise for want of Returns being made of Members to serve in Parliament, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration uponTuefday, the 26th day of February next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon Memorandum:

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like

notices.

45 Geo. lit* ’24°—25° yamiariu 15

notices, as in former cases, were sent to the parties, and also to the returning officer; accompanied with orders for their attendance, by themselves, their counsel; or agents, at the time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, of warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary by the several parties on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

;«nben»eli. Lord William Ruffell reported from the Committee, to

&c- . whom the Petition of several Owners of Estates, and

ta*icm,0r Inhabitants residing within or near the several parishes

eponed. and places thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for making Aquedu&s, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to "them to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Ralph Dodd, being examined, said. That the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Giles Camberwell, and parts of the several parishes of Saint Mary s Saint John's, Saint Mary Magdalen Saint

Man/ Rotherhithe, Saint , and Saint Paul's Deptford, Saint Mary Newington, and the several Town-ffiips, Hamlet9, and places of Walworth, Kenningfon, Stockieell, Clapham, Peckh Peckham Bye, Dulwich, and places adjacent in the Counties of Surrey and Knit, are in great want of good and wholesome Water for do-mpftic uses, and that the said parishes and places are become very populous, and are greatly increasing in buildings^, and in case of accidents by fire, the Petitioners and others would be exposed to the most calamitous state for want of a sufficient supply of water; and that the making of one or more reservoiror reservoirs, and erecting of water-works, with proper fire-engines, and other necessary engines and works at or near a certain place Called Kensington Green, or at or near a certain Creek, called Vauxhall Creek, or at or near a certain other Creek or Dock near or adjoining certain gardens, called Cum*-berland Tea Gardens, all in the said parish of Saint Mary's Lambeth, for supplying the said reservoir or reservoirs and other works with water from the river Thames, would be the means of remedying the inconveniences aforesaid, and in other respects be of great public utility.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for supplying the Inhabitants of the parish of Saint Giles Camberwell, and parts of the parish. of Saint Lambeth, and several other parishes and places in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, with Water: And that Lord William Buffi'll and Sir John Frederick do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Tmfrees appointed in and by ?Lsn virtue of two Acts, made in the 5th and 26th years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and from Crezvkcrne, in the County of Somerset, was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have borrowed a considerable sum of money on the credit of the Tolls, which frill remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads amended and kept in repair, unless the said Acts be repealed, and further and better provision made for those purposes; and that the present Road leading from the East end of the ffiam-bles in the town of Crecokerne, through Furland, to the Road leading from Hinton Saint George to Roundham, in the County of Somerset, is in bad repair, narrow, and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired by the ordinary course of Law: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Acts, and for granting further and better provision for effectually amending and maintaining the several Roads mentioned in the said Acts, and the other Road hereinbefore mentioned.

VOL 60.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine thd matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dickinson, Junior, Mr. Gore Langton, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Supply, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the opinion of this Committee, That Seam«. one hundred and twenty thousand Men be employed , for the Sea Service, for the year 1805, including thirty thousand Royal Marines.

Resolved, That it is the opinion of this Committee, That Wagei. a sum, not exceeding two millions eight hundred and eighty-six thousand pounds, he granted to His Majesty, for Wages of the said one hundred and twenty thousand men for thirteen months, at the rate of one pound seventeen ffiillings per man per month.

Resolved, That it is the opinion of this Committee, That Vi&aal*. a sum, not exceeding two millions nine hundred and sixty-four thousand pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Victuals for the said one hundred and twenty thousand men for thirteen months. At the rate of one pound eighteen ffiillings per man per month.

Resolved, That it is the opinion of this Committee, That We*r and a sum, not exceeding four millions six hundred and eighty T<arot thousand pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Wear and Tear of the Ships in which the said one hundred and twenty thousand men are to serve, for thirteen months, at the rate of three pounds per man per month.

Resolved, That it is the opinion of this Committee, That Ordnanc* for a sum, not exceeding three hundred and ninety thousand Ser?ice* pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for Ordnance for Sea Service on board the ffiips in which the said one hundred and twenty thousand men are to serve, for thirteen months, at the rate of five ffiillings per man per month.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve Committee of itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider v^JlJasn*n<i of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His appointed: Majesty.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Paper* House, by His Majesty’s Command,—Papers relative to [h^DWcmtioa the Discussion with Spain in 1803 and 1804; and also, St with Spain, Paper, intituled, " Declaration," dated " Dozening Presente<1' Street, 24th January 1805,"—together with a List:—

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be taken into confi- To be deration upon this day sevennight, the 31ft day of this canfolere<k instant January.

Tire Papers of which there are translations, are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Section; and the said Translations, and the other Papers, axe inserted in the Appendix to this Volume. (No. 4.)

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Veneris, 25° die Januarii;

Anno 45* Georgii IIIul Regis, 1805,

Prayers.

SIR Thomas Charles Runbury presented to the House, Trftec.

according to order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the parishes of Trhnlcy Saipt Mary, Trimley Saint Martin, 1>re

Kirton,

1(5 .25 0 yanuarii.1805*

Kirtoiiy and Na3on> in the County of Suffolk: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Account*,&c. presented s

Duties of Cult oral in Scotland,

Whale Ships

from

Scotland.

Appendix,

*(Na 5 )

t (No. 6.)

The House being informed, that Mr. Robert Mit fiord, Krom the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order of the 23d day of July in the last Session of Parliament.

An Account or Estimate of all Duties of Customs in Scotland charged and outstanding on Bond, or otherwise, on 5th April 1803 and 5th April 1804 respectively; distinguishing the several articles, and temporary from permanent duties, so far as relate to the duties under the management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland.

Mr. Robert Mitford also presented to the House, pur-fiiant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of what number of ships from Scotland have been employed in the Whale Fiftiery to s Streights and the Greenland Seas, with tlLir respective names and burdens, from whence fitted out, and at what port discharged; also, what quantity of Oil or Blubber or Whale Fins each ship has imported, from the 10th of October 1803 to the 10th of October 1804; with a Duplicate thereof.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The first of the said Accounts is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume*, and the other Account is also inserted f.

Duties of The House being informed, that Mr.

Gotland? from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order of the 23d day of •July in the last Session of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " North Britain, An Account or Eiiimate of the Duties of Excise charged and outstanding on Bond, or otherwise, on the 5th of April 1803 and the 5th of April 1804 respectively; distinguishing the several articles, and temporary from permanent Duties."

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

Appendix, The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to

(No. 5 ) this Volume.

Northern The House being informed, that Mr. Robert Mitford, Lighthouses. from the Commissioners for Northern Lighthouses, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

Abstract of the Accounts of the Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament for erect ing Lighthouses on the Northern Parts of Great Britain, at 5th July 1804; with a Duplicate thereof!

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read. Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table. Appendix, The said Paper is* inserted in the Appendix to

(No. 7.) this Volftme.

Lift of Public The House being informed, that Mr. Robert Mitford, Accountants, from the Treasury, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Lift of Public Accountants, in respect of whom the Execution of any Process hath been controuled, suspended, or prevented, by authority of His Majesty, within the v year preceding the commencement of the present Session of Parliament.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read. Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table. Appendix, The said Lift is inserted in the Appendix to this

(No. 8.) Volume.

Petition of Sheriff Rawlins and

A Petition of the there-undersigned was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners,

at Michaelmas 1801, entered Upon the Office of Sheriffs of London and Sheriff of the County of and

continued in the discharge of the fame till Michaelmas 1802; and t,hat, during their continuance in the fame, they did, by virtue of their said offices, and at a great expence, trouble, and inconvenience to themselves, pre-fide and were Returning Officers at three different strongly contested and protracted Foils, namely, the Election of a Bridgeinafter, the Election of four Citizens to represent the said City of London, and the election of two Knights of the Shire to represent the said County of Middlesex in this present Parliament; and at the close of the said Sheriffalty the Lively of the said City of London came to the following Resolution, in a Meeting or Assembly of the Mayor and Liverymen of the several Companies of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, at the Guildhall of the said City, on Wednesday the 29th day of September 1802 :—" Resolved •unanimously, That the " Thanks of this Common Hall be given to Sir William " Rawlins, Knight, and Robert Albion Cox, Esquire, late " Sheriffs of this City, and late Sheriff of the County of " Midd'efex, for their firm, manly, and conscientious " discharge of the various important duties of that high " office, in a year of unprecedented public duty; for " their liberality and humane attention to the several " prisoners confided to their care; and for the zeal they " have manifested in support of the Rights and Privileges " of their Fellow Citizens and of the Constitution,

" by preferring inviolate that great bulwark of public " liberty, the Freedom of Election—and the Petitioners ffate, that while in the execution of such office of Sheriffs of the City of London, the Petitioners having, upon the election aforesaid of four Citizens to represent the said City in Parliament, returned Sir William Curtis, Baronet, Sir John William Anderson, Baronet, Harvey Christian Combe, Esquire, and Sir Charles Price, Baronet, to represent the fame, a Petition was, by Sir Watkin Lewes, Knight, an unsuccessful Candidate at such Election, presented to the House against the Return of the four Citizens aforesaid, and against the Petitioners, for making such Return as Sheriffs of the City of London aforesaid; which Petition being by the House referred to a Select Committee appointed to try and determine the fame, was by such Committee voted frivolous and vexatious; and the Petitioners were thereby entitled to be reimbursed the heavy colts and damages they had been put to in defending themselves against such unjull charge so brought against them; but from the distressed circumstances of the said Sir Watkin Leices, Knight, the Petitioners have not to this hour, nor are at any time hereafter likely to be, reimbursed the fame, or any the smallest part thereof; and that two other Petitions were presented to the House; the one by William Mainwaring, Esquire, the unsuccessful Candidate at the said Election for the County of Middlesex, and the other by certain Freeholders of the said County in his interest, complaining of the Return made by the Petitioners of Sir Francis Burdett, Baronet, and charging the Petitioners, as Sheriff of Middlesex, and Returning Officers at such last mentioned Election for that County, with great partiality in favour of the said Sir Francis Burdett, and with other undue conduct in the course and progress of the said Election and Poll; which said two Petit ions were by the House referred to a Select Committee of the House, which was duly ballotted for and appointed on Friday the 3d day of February 1804, and continued from that day to fit on the trial of the fame Petitions until Monday the 9th day of July last; and that, on the said 9th day of July, the Chairman of the said Committee acquainted the House (among other things) that the Committee had determined, that the said Election and Return for the said County of Middlesex wore void, so far as respected the said Sir Francis Burdett; and that the Committee had also come to the four following Resolutions relative to the Petitioners, viz.— ill. That on the 13th, 14th, and 15th days of the Poll, on the first of which days there was a considerable majority of votes in favour of William Maimcaring, Esquire, the Sheriff Robert Albion Cox, Esquire, and Sir William Rawlins, Knight, wilfully, knowingly, and corruptly, did 5 admit

Cox, respect* ing the Election for Middlesex, in 1802.

45 Geo. III. 25° Januan IT

admit to poll for Sir Francis Burdctt Baronet, upwards of three hundred persons, claiming to vote under a fictitious right, as proprietors of a Mill purported to be situ-ated in the pari 111 of Ijleworlh, and called "The Good " Intent Mill" by which means a colourable majority was obtained in favour of Sir Francis Burdctt.—2d. That on the 15th day, towards the close of the poll, after such majority was established, they rejected persons tendering their votes under the fame circumstances.—3d. That the Sheriff at the poll acted in a judicial capacity, by admitting counsel to argue the validity of votes, and by deciding, in some instances, on the validity of such votes; that in other instances they refused to decide on the validity of votes which were objected to, and stated, that they would admit any person to poll who would take the oaths, declaring themselves to be only Ministerial Officers, thereby acting in a manner contradictory to their practice in other cases, and in flagrant violation of their duty.—4th. That the obvious tendency of their conduct was to admit persons who had no right to poll, and to afford the greatest encouragement to perjury;—and that the Petitioners, being ignorant of the Law, did, during the whole course of the said election, constantly and invariably aft under the advice of their Under Sheriffs and Deputy Under Slveritfj all of whom are Attornies, highly respectable in their profession, and long conversant in the Law, and one of them for above twenty years practised in the judicial decision of questions of the greatest value and importance; and that on the 13th day of the said last mentioned election, when the proprietors of the Mill, as mentioned in the above Report of the said Select Committee of the House, first tendered themselves to vote, their right to vote at such election for such freehold was argued very much at length by different counsel on each side; and after such argument the Petitioners did (by the advice of the aforesaid Deputy Under Sheriff, and of one of the Under Sheriffs, who were then and there present during the whole course of such argument, the other Under Sheriff not being on the said 13th day in attendance) uniformly admit such of them to vote as stated themselves upon oath to have been twelve months in possession of shares of the value of 40 a year, and did as uniformly reject such of them as appeared not to have been twelve months in pofi'eflion, or not to have shares of that annual value, the Petitioners acting therein in conformity to the advice aforesaid; and that the Petitioners admitted the said last mentioned persons to vote, from a full and perfect conviction at the time of the legality of their claim, established in the minds of the Petitioners by the repeated arguments of counsel, and the solemn oath of the parties; and they do conscientiously and fa-credly declare, that, in the admission of those, as well as all other voters during the whole continuance of the aforesaid election, they acted with the most pure and upright intention, without partiality to one Candidate or prejudice against the other; and that the Petitioners' humbly state, that, though in particular instances they did hear questions argued by counsel, yet they did not consider themselves inverted with a judicial authority, for the Petitioners were instructed to conceive, and did and do still conceive, that any Freeholder, who tenders himself to take the respective oaths required determined by divers Acts of Parliament to be taken at a County election, is entitled to have such oaths administered 'to him, and to Vote thereat, and that such persons would be rejected at the peril of an action for damages to be brought against the Returning Officers so rejecting them; nevertheless the Petitioners confess that, in divers instances, they did take such peril upon themselves when the justice and equity of the case seemed to warrant them in so proceeding, though not compellable by Law so to do; and, in order to satisfyand protest themselves in the execution of this part of their office, they were frequently willing and desirous to hear the arguments of counsel as a guide and affillance to the conduct of the Petitioners, but not as a right to be claimed by either Candidate; and that the Petitioners further state, that they in divers instances, as well relating to other tenements as to the Mill tenement aforesaid, when it appeared to them, by the confession Of the parties claiming a right to vote, that they had not Vol. 60.

been in possession of their Freehold for twelve months, or that it was not of the annual value of forly /hillings, did reject such persons; and the Petitioners submit to this House, that, from the aforesaid causes, they may seem sometimes to have acted ministerially and at other times judicially, but at no time did they aft from any interested or unworthy motives, but, on the contrary, from an anxious and earnelt desire to do justice to all parties, though at the peril of an aci ion against themselves; and the Petitioners pursued this line of conduct equally in respect to Voters tendering their votes for the aforesaid Wiliam Mainwaring, Esquire, and Sir Francis Burdett, particularly in respect to very many persons claiming a right to vote by virtue of certain offices, some of which were held under the Dean and Chapter of such as bell-

ringers and butlers, organ-blowers and chdrifters, cooks and gardeners, and who w ere admitted by the Petitioners on the poll for the said William Esquire,

and afterwards struck oft such poll by the Committee aforesaid; and that the Petitioners humbly hope, fmcC the greatest legal characters have differed concerning the nature of the duties and power of a Returning Officer at an election of a Knight to represent a County in Parliament, that they shall not incur the ceufure of the House, if, in the execution of their office, they sometimes appear to have been milled by contradictory arguments, which in the case of A/hbn and White divided the opinions of the Court of King's Bench, w here Lord Holt at that time presided as Chief Justice; and that those persons w ho on the 15th day claimed a right to vote for the Mill tenement were rejected, because ft appeared from their own confession, wrhen the oath was tendered to them, that they had not been possessed of their Freehold for the space of twelve months before the election, whereas those who were admitted on the 13th and 14th days took the Freeholder’s oath, of the nature and efieft of which they were solemnly warned and instructed at the time; and that the votes of the description above-mentioned were not rejected on the 15th day because Sir Francis Burdett had then secured a majority of numbers on the poll, for the Petitioners humbly state, that many of that description wrere rejected both in the early and latter part of that day, as well before as after such majority appears to have been obtained; and that the Petitioners are informed, that at the election in July last of a Knight of the Shire in the room of Sir Francis Burdett, several of the proprietors of the said Mill, called The Good Intent, tendered their votes, and that by the advice of Newman Knowlys, Esquire, Barrister at Law, and Common Serjeant of the City of Ijmdov, who was a (felloe to the then Sheriff the then Sheriff did not consider such proprietors to be fictitious Voters, but did, after various arguments on each side, admit such of the said Mill proprietors to po'l who stated themselves upon oath to have been in pofi’eflion twelve months of /bares of the value of forty /hillings a year, and rejected others who had not been for that length of time in possession of such shares, or whose ft;ares were not of that annual value, pursuing therein the fame rule and line of conduct that the Petitioners had adopted in the former election; and that the Petitioners with all humility submit themselves to the sentence of the House, allured as they are that in its wisdom and its justice it will consider the arduous duty imposed on the Petitioners as Returning Officers at the aforesaid election; and that no evidence whatever was or has been, or could have been adduced, to /hew any intqrested motive, personal or political, by which the Petitioners were influenced in their conduct; and the Petitioners solemnly declare, and are ready, if they might be permitted, to attest the fame on oath, that, throughout the whole of such conduct, they never did in a Angle instance w ilfully transgress the line of their duty, but uniformly acted to the bell of their knowledge, and that w ithout favour or affection, prejudice or malice, towards any person or party; and that the Petitioners most humbly state to the House, that whatever may have appeared blameable in the execution of their office has ari fen from the difficulty and novelty of theirfitu-ation, and from their general ignorance of the Law7, which, however, they most anxiously endeavoured to correct (but are sorry to have found how unfuccefsfolly) by act ing

F under

A. 1805.

18 25* Januarii.

tinder the immediate judgment of professional persons, of great character and long experience; and that the Petitioners are informed, that the said Report of the said Selcft Committee is ordered by the House to be taken into consideration on Tuesday the 29th day of January instant: And therefore praying, to be heard by themselves or by their counsel, at the bar of the House, and that the House will grant them such relief in the premises, as to its justice shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

tfiddltfex A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are PfethionoF hereunto subscribed, was delivered in at the Table, and Freeholder*, read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are Freeholders bft'o11 ,he die County of Middle sex, and claim to have had a right

etom. vote the last Election for that County; that at such election Sir Francis Burdett, Baronet, and George Bold!on Mainwart'jig, Esquire, were Candidates to represent the said County in Parliament; that upon a shew of hands the Sheriff James Shaw, Esquire, and Sir William Leighton, Knight, declared the majority, on the view, to be in favour of Sir Francis Bur but a poll being duly demanded for the said election, the fame was granted by the said Sheriff, and commenced on the 23d day of July 1804; that the said Poll continued open on the first day till about five o’clock in the evening; that on every other day during the continuance of the fame, the poll was kept open seven hours; that on divers days during such continuance, several persons attended at the booth, appointed according to law, to give their votes, and did accordingly declare their votes to be in favour of Sir Francis Burdett, whose names, places of abode, and free-holls, and in whose occupations their freeholds were, were duly entered on the poll, but the Sheriff refused to permit the scratches or marks to be set opposite to their names, denoting the Candidate for whom they voted, until their titles to vote had been examined into, although they offered to substantiate their titles by their oaths, nor would the Sheriff allow such examination to take place at the booth, but infilled on their attending in a box, placed in a different part of the huflings, to undergo such examination; and although such persons, in compliance with such requisition, did accordingly attend at the said box, yet the consideration of many votes so circumstanced was adjourned, for want of time, till the days respectively succeeding, and thereby great delay and confusion arofc; that in-order to prevent the fame in future, application was at sundry times, by the agents, friends, and counsel of Sir Francis Burdett, made to the Sheriff of the said County, to keep the poll open longer than seven hours, as by law he was bound to do when upon good and sufficient cause requested so to do; that the said Sheriff, at the several times aforesaid, refused to accede to such application; that on the 14th and 15th days of the poll, the said Sheriff, together with Netoman Esquire,

who then and there fat as assessor or assistant to the said Sh eriff, severally, and at sundry times, declared, that if at three o’clock on the said 15th day the votes of any per-so is that had been before that time objected to, should not have been examined, the said Sheriff would proceed upon such examination, and determine on the fame after three o’clock on the fame or the following day; and the Petitioners further date, that at three o’clock on the 15th day of the poll, several Voters were in attendance at the Sheriff's box, in obedience to orders given by the Sheriff waiting to be examined in respect to the titles to their votes, which had been previously entered on the poll, and their votes declared, some for the said George Mainwaring, but many more for the said Sir Francis Burdett; and the Petitioners humbly submit, that if the Poll had been cast up at such hour, without any further examination of such Voters, the names of such Voters ought to have been reckoned, and thereby a majority of votes received on the poll declared, as in fa& it was, in favour of Sir Francis Burdett-, but the Petitioners further state, that the poll was not cast up, nor the numbers declared, till the following day, and, in the mean time, the Sheriff in compliance with his aforesaid promise, proceeded to satisfy himself respecting the titles of the

Voters so previously entered on the poll, and, after such examination, directed marks to be set opposite to their names, some in favour of the said Sir Francis -* deft, and some for the said George Boulton Maimoaring, according to the votes previously given for one or other of the said Candidates; that a majority of the votes received on the poll did thereby also appear in favour of Sir Francis Burdett, and the said Sir Francis Burdett ought to have been returned to serve in this present Parliament for the County aforesaid; and that the said Sheriff, well knowing the premises, did, on the 16th day of the said election, illegally, wrongfully, wilfully, and falsely declare the majority of numbers to be in favour of the said George Boulton Mainwaring, and illegally, wilfully, wrongfully, and falsely returned the said George Boulton Mainwaring to serve for the said County in the present Parliament, although the said Sir Francis Burdett had a majority in number of votes received on the poll in his favour, and ought to have been returned in the Head and place of the said George Boulton to serve in the present Parliament for the County o(Middle sex aforesaid: And therefore praying, the House to order the said false Return of the said Sheriff to be amended, by directing the name of the said George Boulton Mainwaring to be erased therefrom, and the name of the said Sir Francis Burdett to be inserted therein in the Head and place of the name of the said George Boulton Mainwaring, and that the House will appoint an early day for taking their Petition into consideration, and grant to the Petitioners such further relief in the premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tuesday the 19th day of February next, at three of the clock in the Afternoon.'

Memorandum:

' In pursuance of several Acts* made for regulating the trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like notices, as in former cases, were sent to the Parties, accompanied with Orders for their attendance, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, at the time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant or warrants for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary by the several parties on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for executing the (ir«n »<* Acts thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Sj£,^,tcto Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Puition, Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been rL'Porttd* complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterw ards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, two Acts passed in the 29th year of his late Majesty, and in the 7th year of His present Majesty, for making and w idening a Road from the East fide of the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethna' Green, in the County of Middle sex, to the East end of Church Street, in the said Parish, and to open a Way or Road into Shoreditch, and for other purposes, were read: And,

Mr. Charles L'ljh being examined, said, That the Trustees have borrow'ed considerable sums of money on the credit of the said Acts, which Hill remain due, and cannot be paid ofti nor can the said Roads be properly amended and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be further continued, the Powers and Provisions thereof amended and enlarged, and the Tolls increase-d.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the term and powers of two Acts, passed in the 29th year of his late Majesty, and the 7th year of His present Majesty, for making a Road from the East fide of the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, in the County of

U'l

\c*

:rc*!cenie

K oavls

Petition,

t'torted.

TJrorleigh

Inclosure

l'euuda.

u

p«lg

loivtnt

t>for»,

emitted.

Wdshire

t.

rn

gto

®7i

I#

45 Geo. IH. 25"—26'

of Middle#x, to the East end of Church Street, in the said Parish, and to open a way into and for keeping the fame in repair: And that Mr and

Mr. Byng do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Dickinson, junior, reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed in and by virtue of two Acts, made in the 5th and 26th years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and from Crew kerne; in the County of Somer/ef ,was

referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Bobert Beard being examined, said, That the Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable sum of money on the credit of the Tolls thereby granted; which fiill remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads amended and kept in proper repair, unless the term and powers of the said several Acts be repealed, and further and better provision made for those purposes; and that the present Road leading from the East end of the Shambles in the said Town of Crexokerne, through Firland, to the Road leading from Hinton Saint George to Boundham, in the County of Somerset, in length two ftiiles and nine poles or thereabouts, is in bad repair, narrow, and incom- modious for Travellers and Carriages, and cannot be effectually repaired by the ordinary course of Law.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing several Roads leading to’and from the Town of Creivkerne, in the County of Somerset: And that Mr. Dickinson, junior, Mr. Dickinson, and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands and Grounds lying in the Open and Common Eields in the Parish of Thurleigli, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Lands and Grounds are, in their present situation, incapable of any considerable improvement, and it would be beneficial to the persons interested therein, if the fame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fiiant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. St. Andrew St. John and Mr. OJbom do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the ingrolfe<l Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to remedy certain Omissions in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors," be now read:—* And the same being read; the said Bill was read a second time.

Befo'ved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Befolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Hertford, in the room of the Honourable Pemiiston Lamb, deceased.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a separate Return of the number of effective Men raisied for the levy now recruiting by Colonel French for general service, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; distinguishing the number of recruits finally

VOL 60.

Jana aril. 19

approved, up to the last Return, and also specifying the number of those who shall have received the bounty for boys, together with the date and terms of the letter of service, and the number of Officers and Non-commissioned Olbcers who have been appointed to the said levy.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of His Majesty’s Regular, Militia, and Provin-cial Forces, distinguishing what part thereof is for limited and what for unlimited Service; distinguishing also the Cavaliy from the Infantry, and specifying the total of the said Forces serving in the United Kingdom, Jersey and Guernsey, and the total serving abroad, as they respectively flood, according to the latest returns received on the ill of January 1804 and the ill of January 180$.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Hoilfe to Committee of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted, to His Majesty, be now read:—And the fame being read; the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next. Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to delen-ed. consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Sabbati, 26° die Januarii,

Anno 45* Georgii III. K Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

MR. Alexander, according to Order, reported from Report w^y» the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Means, was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which ‘ the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Malt, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the duties upon Malt, which, by an Act of the 44th year of His present Majesty, have continuance to the 24th day of June 1805, be further continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made within Great Britain, from the 23d day of June 1805 to the 24th day of June 1806.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Fenfiona, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the sum of four /hillings in the pound, and no more, be raised within the fnace of one year, from the 25th day of March 1805, upon rensions. Offices, and Personal Estates, in that part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the town of Berwick upon Tweed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, Sugar, Malt, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the &e-several duties imposed on Sugar by three Acts, made in the 27th, 34th, and 37th years of His present Majesty, on Malt, by an Act made in the 27 th year of His said

Majesty,

t

Lostwithiel

Road

Petition,

reported.

Plymouth

Roads

Petition.

20 26°—28° Januanu A. 1805.

Majesty, and the duties of Excise on Tobacco and Snuff, by an Act made in the 29th year His said Majesty, which, by an Act; made in the 44th year of His said Majesty, have continuance until the 25th day of March

1805, be further continued until the 25th day of March

1806.

The said ftesolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the first of the said Resolutious: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr.Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Lrnaine, Lord Viscount Fitzharris, Mr. I.ong, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General* Mr. Sturges Bourne, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a bill be brought in, upon the second and third of the said Resolutioits: And that the fame Gentlemen do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the clock.

Lima?, 28° di Januarii;

feme of the provisions thereof have been found inconvenient and defective; and that, as well for the more eileftual reparation of the said Road, as for the better security of the Creditors, it is necessary that the said Act should be explained and amended, and the term prolonged: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Langme Sir William El-ford, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Bill to continue and amend an Act, passed in the Derby and 17th year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road koj^bui, from the town of Derby, through to committed.

House, in the County of Derby, was read a second. time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Augustus Henri) Cavendish, Mr. Mandy, &c.: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Anno 450 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1805. Prayers.

SIR William Lemon reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for putting in execution two Acts, of the 2d and 24th years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Lostwithiel Turnpike Road in the parish of Creed, in the County of Cornwall, through Tregony, to Rtiau horne, and from Dennis Water to three hundred yards on the South fide of Tret him Mill, in the parish of Saint Just, in the said County, and of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants residing near the said Road, and also of the several persons who have advanced money on the credit of the said Acts, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined flie matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. Edward Coode being examined, said, That several sums of money have been borrowed on the credit of the Tolls, part whereof still remains due; and that considerable repairs are still wanting to be done to the said Road, and feme of the powers, provisions, and regulations of the said Acts have been found inadequate for the purposes intended thereby; and that it is necessary the term of the said Acts should be extended further, or additional Tolls granted, and the powers, provisions, and regulations of the said Acts explained and amended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed in the 2(1 and 24th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Lostwithiel Turnpike Road, through Tregony, to Ruan Lanehorne, and from Dennis 1 Cater to three hundred yards on the South fide of Tre.'himMill, in the County of Cornwall:

And that Sir William Lemon and Mr. Gregor do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Trustees for putting in execution an Act, of the 24th year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from The Shambles, in the borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, through. Frankfort Gale to Stonehouse Bridge, and from the Weft end of the said Bridge to the inner barrier gate next the Playhouse, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That several sums of money have been borrowed on the credit of the tolls granted by the said Act> and 2

A Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts Hinckley and herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and cj^stry read; setting forth, That an Act was passed, in the Petition. 27th year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leicester to Narborough, and from Leicester to Coventry, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and that an Act was passed, in the 29th year of his said late Majesty, for explaining and amending the said Act, so far as relates to that part of the said Road which leads from the town of Hmck'ev, in the County of Leicester, to the town of Nuneaton, and from thence through the parities of Chilv-rCoton, and Bedworfh, in the County of Warwick, to B [/hop's Gate, in the City of Coventry; and

that an Act was passed, in the 2d year of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending so much of the said Acts as relates to the said Road between Hinckley, and Coven'ry-,’ and that the said Road cannot be effectually amended, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be revived, and the powers thereof continued and enlarged, so far as the same relate to the said last mentioned Road: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid. * Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dugdale, Mr. Mordaunf, &c.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

The House being informed, that Mr. Irving, Inspec- Account of for General of Imports and Exports, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the predated. House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Exports to the Span/ft/ Ports in the years 1803 and 1804, as far as the fame can be made out.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to Appendix, this Volume. (No. 9.)

The House being informed, that Mr. Cooke, from the Account of Exchequer Bill Office, attended at the Door; he was EB<j|^iqucf called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur- preienled. suant to their Order,

An Account of the Unfunded Debt in Exchequer Bills outstanding on the 5th January 1805; with a duplicate thereof.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume. (No. 10.)

Mr.

ooq:

Kftimates,

preknted;

Guards and Gar n Ions.

Forces in Plantation*.

General and Stall' O&cert.

Pa Oculars of JP.

Troops in laaia.

Kccruiting for D°

Recruiting, kc. for laud Force*.

FmMdied Militia, &c.

Contingen-eje* for D°.

Clothing for D*.

’upemume-ary Officers.

diowance* > certain ftcers.

‘fstence to keepers.

4*5 Geo. III. 28° Januarn. Si

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Add re (5 to ITis Majesty,

Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, &c. including those fend tig at Gibraltar, in the Mediterranean, in Ceylon, and in Neiv South Wales, from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 days: And also, '

Particulars of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in the United Kingdom of Great and Ireland, from

25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 363 days.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of fotfr Regiments of Dragoons and fifteen Regiments of Foot, for service in East India, from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 dai's: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of four Troops of Dragoons and fifteen Companies of Foot, fiationed in Great Britain for the purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East India, from 23th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty’s Land Forces, from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in the United Kingdom of Great B ritain and Ireland, and of the Royal Corps of Miners of Devon and Ccrmeall, from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and for the

year 1805: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Clothing for the Embodied Militia, in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, for the year 1S05: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay for Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the principal Officers of the several departments therein mentioned in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences, and of the amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, from 23th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the encreased Rates of Sub-fiftenee to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers; of an allowance of Lodging Money to be made to the inhabitants of North Britain on whom Soldiers may be quartered; of an allowance to the non-rommissioned officers and private men of His Majesty’s Land Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for Small Beer; and of an allowance to the non-comrrii'iior.ed officers and private men of His Majesty’s Forces while on a march in that part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland, from 23th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from 25th December 1804 to 24 th December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 days: And also,

Vol. 60.

Estimat e of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces, from 23th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade in the service of the States General, from 23th December 1804 to 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 363 days: And also, Estimate of the Charge of the In-pensioners of Ch'ifea Hospital, and of the Royal Hospital near Kdmantham, and of the internal expences of the said 1 lospitals, from 23th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both in-ciufive, being 363 days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Hospital, and of the Royal Hospital near Kibnainhum, from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 363 days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces, for the year 1803: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Foreign Corps in the fenfire of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 363 days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of general Hospital Expences of 1 Iis Majesty’s Forces in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, including the provision of Medicaments for General and Regimental Hospitals, and the Charge of the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin for Sick and Wounded Soldiers, from 23th December 1804 to 24 th December 1805) both inclusive, being 365 days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Royal Military College for the year 1805; inclosing,

N° 1. Particulars of the Annual Expence of the General Staff Royal Military College, for the year 1803: And also,

Nc 2. Particulars of the Annual Expence of the Senior Department, Royal Military College, for the year 1803: And also,

N° 3. Particulars of the Annual F.xpenee of the Junior Department of the Royal Military College, for the year 1805: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea, for the year 1803: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Barrack Department in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both ia-cluftve, Jieing 3C5 days.

Together with an Abstract and Schedule of the said Estimates :—And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Ellimates do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Estimates be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Ellimates are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders of the County of Middlesex, and claiming to have had a Right to vote at the Iaft election for that County, was delivered in at the Table, and read; setting forth, That at the lafi: election of a Knight of the Shire for the County of Middlesex, Sir Francis Burdett, Baronet, and George Bonbon -roaring, Esquire, were Candidates to represent the same County in Parliament; that, on the /hew of hands, the then Sheriff declared the majority to be in favour of the said Sir Fratiris Burdett.; that, thereupon, a Poll was

duly demanded in favour of the said George Bc.d'on Mairmaring, and was proceeded on from day to dav; that, at the close of the said election, the said Sheriff returned the said George Boulton Mainzccrivg as duly elected to represent the said County in Parliament5 that, after the demanding the said Poll, and previously to the granting thereof, or proceeding on the fame, the qualification of the said George Boulton Maim -'aring to represent the said County in Parliament was duly requested of him, and the said George Boulton Main raring was thereby required to swear to the fame, according to

G the

Chelsea and K-ii main ham Hospitals.

Widows

Pensions.

Foreign

Corps.

Hospital

Expence*.

Military

College.

Military

Alylum.

Barrack Department in Ireland.

Appendix,

(No. 11.)

Middle foe F.'cdlion— Petition of Freeholders.

22

the provisions of the Statute in that behalf made and provided j that, on such request being made, the said George Boulton Mainwaringinfilled that the provisions of the said Act of Parliament, above referred to, did not extend to him, he being the eldest son and heir apparent of a person qualified by the said Statute to serve as a Knight of a Shire; but, immediately afterwards, the said George Boulton Mail nearing took his corporal oath, in the form, and to the etieft, prescribed by the said Statute, and fu ore that he truly and bond fide had such an elhite in law or equity, to and for his own use and benefit, of or in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, over and above what would satisfy and clear all incumbrances that might affect the fame, of the annual value of six hundred pounds, above reprizes, as did qualify him to be elected and returned to serve as a Member for the said County of according to the tenor and true meaning of the Act of Parliament in that behalf; and that his said lands, tenements, or hereditaments, were lying or being within the several parishes, townships, or pr'ecilifts, of and

Enfield, in the said County of Middlesex; and that the Petitioners are informed and believe, and represent to the House, that, at the time of the said election and return, when such demand of his qualification as aforesaid was made, the said George B Mainwaring was not the eldest son or heir apparent of any person so qualified as aforesaid to serve as Knight of a Shire, and then had not any estate, freehold or copyhold, for his own life, or for some greater estate, either in law or equity, to and for his own use and benefit, of or in lands, tenements, or hereditaments, over and above what would satisfy and clear all incumbrances that might aflect the fame, lying or being in Edmonton and Enfield aforesaid, or either of them, or elsewhere, within that part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, of the annual value of six hundred pounds, above reprizes, as qualified him to be elected and returned to represent the said County in Parliament; whereby the said election and return of the said George Boulton

rearing were and are void, and the said George Boulton Mainwaring is not capable to fit or vote as a Member of the House: And therefore praying the House to take their Petition into consideration, and that the House will declare the said election and return to be void, and grant them such further relief in the premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Thursday the 28th day of February next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum

In pursuance of several Acts, made for regulating the trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like notices, as in former cases, were font to the Parties; accompanied with orders for their attendance by themselves, their counsel or agents, at the time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifl'ue his Warrant or Warrants for such persons, papers, and records, as shall be thought necessary by the several parties on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Spain',510 Account of the Exports to in 1803 and 1804;

ordered. specitying the amount of the Exports to each port

separately.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a infoTvwt'1"2 Committee of the whole House upon the ingrossed Bill Debtors. from the Lords, intituled, An Act to remedy certain Omissions in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors."

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill j and had directed him to 1

A. 1805.

report the same to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. Bill paire<J

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Alexander presented to the House, according to MaltDutiei Order, a Bill lor continuing and granting to His Majesty Bi,l» certain Duties upon Malt in Great Britain, for the fer- presente‘1-vice of the year one th'oufand eight hundred and five:

And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To -morrow.

Mr. Alexander presented to the House, according to Penfiom, &c. Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty DuJ;ies a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in preented* England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snulfi in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and five: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Rill he read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To-morrows

A Mortage from the Lords, by Mr. Simeon and Mr. Th« Lords Stratford. have pjired

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for winter’s naturalizing Henri) Julius Winter; to which the Lords Nafc Bl11* desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, The Lords That the Lords do desire that this House will give leave to dtGre leavf Sir Thomas Fetherfione, Baronet, the Honourable - [obee^"* braith Lowry Cole, Sir James Stewart, Baronet, and mined betoVe

Mervyn Arehdall, Esquire, Members of this House, to a Committee,

attend their Lordships on Monday the eighteenth day of February next, in order to be examined as witnesses before the Committee appointed by their Lordships to consider of the matters which have been alledged against Mr. Justice Fox , and of the evidence which may be brought in support of the fame.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, 'Flint this House will fend an Answer to the The House last part of the said Mortage by Messengers of their own. "ni fend an

And the Messengers were.again called in; and Mr. wer" Speaker acquainted them therewith:—And then they again withdrew.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Addresses for Majesty, that He will lie graciously pleated to give direc- 1,lrtl'<‘r tions, that there be laid before this House, Copies or Ex- tivcTtothe* tracts of all Letters from His Majesty’s Minister at the Disunion Court of Madrid, reipecYing any demand of succours from wnl‘

Spain made by France in the month of July 1803; and also, Copies and Ext rafts of the Inftrnctions sent to the said Minister thereupon by His Majesty’s Principal Secretary of State for the Foreign Department; together with an account of all difeuflions which may have taken place with the Spanish Government relative to the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleated to give directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy or Extract of any Answer which may have been given by the Court of Madrid, to Mr. Frere sNote, of the 9th of September 1803, respecting the pafl’age of a body of marines and artillery-men to reinforce the French fleet at Ferrol; and also, an account of all Explanations which may have taken place with the Spanish Government, and of all ailu-rances received from the same, respecting the passage of French troops or seamen in general since the commencement of the war with France.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleated to give directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies or Extracts of any Dispatches received from His Majesty’s Minister

28° Janua

45 Geo. III.

28°—29° Januarii.

23

nifter at Madrid, from the 12th of September to the 27th

of December 1803, respecting any advance of money made, or agreed to be made, by the Government for the

use of France; together with Copies or Extracts of the

Instructions font to the said Minister thereupon.

R, faked, That an humble Address be prefonted to His Majesty, that He will be graciously plea fed to give directions, that there be laid before this I louse, an account of the Explanations referred to in Lord Dif-

pateh of the 21st of January 1804, relative to the pecuniary fticcours afforded by Spain to France.

'Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid before this I louse, a Copy of any Convention, Contract, or Agreement, which may have, been entered into between Great Britain and Spain, respecting the Neutrality to be observed by the latter Power during the present War with France.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid before this I louse, a Copy, or Extract, of any Answer which may have been received from His Majesty’s Minister at Madrid, to Lord Dispatch of the 21st of January 1804; together with Copies, or Extracts, of all Letters which may have passed between Lord JIawke/lmrv and the said Minister, from the above date to the 22d of May 1804, relative to the points in dispute with Spain.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies or Extracis, of any Instructions, relative to the points in dispute with Spain, font by Lord Har to His Majesty’s

Minister at Madrid, between the 22d of May and 29th of . September, and also between the 29th of September and 21st of October 1804, and subsequent to the latter date, particularly of those alluded to in Mr. Frere's Dispatch of the 29th of October, in which he Hates himself to have received orders to demand his pali’ports, if a more explicit Answer is not given respecting the pecuniary succours stipulated by the Treaty between France and Spain.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies or Extracts, of all official Notes or Letters font by the Spanish Minister at this Court; together with an Account of all Explanations received from the said Minister relative to the points in dispute with Spain.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there bo laid before this House, a Copy or Extract of the Letter from Rear Admiral Cochrane, containing the Information referred to in Lord Harrowhtf s Dispatch of the 29th of September 1804, respecting the Naval Preparations in Ferrol-, together with the date when the fame was received. '

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid before this 1 louse. Copies or Extracts of all Letters from Rear Admiral Cochrane, respecting the State and Force of the Spanish Ships in the Harbours of Ferrol and Corunna, between the nthof September and 21ft. of October 1804.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give directions ,that there be laid before tins House, an Account of any Intelligence received respecting the Cefi’ntion of the Naval Preparations in Ferrol in the month of September last; together with the date when the fame was received.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Intelligence sent by His Majesty’s Consuls at Cadiz and Carthagena, and by any Officers in His Majdry’s

Navy, respecting any Naval Preparations there, and of the ft ate of those Arsenals.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all intelligence transmitted by Sir Edward , re-V QL. 60.

fpcCting the force and (late of the French and Spanish lliips in the harbours of Ferrol and’ Corunna, and also of the Hate of the Naval Arsenals there, during his command off those ports.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that lie will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies or Extracts of all Letters from Sir Edicard Pellere, respee’ing the conduct of the Governor of Ferrol, and the Admiral commanding the Spanish squadron there, since the commencement of the wrar with France.

Resolved, That an humble Addre ls be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give dilutions, that there be laid before this House, Copies or Extracts of all Letters from Rear Admiral Sir John Thomas Duckworth, respecting the conduct observed by the Spanish Government in the island of Cuba, and particularly by the Governor of Saint Jugo, relative to prizes car-

ried thither by the Enemy, since the commencement of the w ar with France.

Ordered, That tl ie said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

D'icul) f A with Sp>tin, deicrred.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Co" (iteration Thursday last, for taking in*o consideration upon Thurs- the

day next, the Papers relative to the Discussion with Snain in 1803 and 1804; and also, the Paper, intituled,

" Declaration," dated " Dozening Street,24th January

" 18<'3," might be read :—And the fame being readj Ord red. That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Papers be taken into consideration upon Thursday sevennight, the 7th day of February next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ref >lved, That this House w ill, upon Friday next, re- Ways and solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply *erre ‘ granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re- Supply, solve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to con- delcm-‘l-fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Men tis,29° die Januarii;

Anno 450 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Company of Proprietors of Manchester, the Canal Navigation from Manchester to Bolton p^'it(. anal and to Bury, under their Common Seal, was presented to mUlon-the House, and read; setting forth. That an Act was paded in the 3 ift year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal; and that the Petitioners have proceeded to cut the said Canal pursuant to the directions of the said Act, and have made great progress towards the completion thereof, and in the execution of the fame have expended the several Runs they were authorized to raise under the said Act; and that a great part of the said Canal still remains unfmished, and cannot be completed without a further sum of money being raised for that purpose; and that the Petitioners have also contracted considerable debts on account of the said Canal, which cannot be discharged without the further aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it lha.ll appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Viscount Marsham, Mr.

Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Pqwer to fend lor persons, papers, and records.

A Petition

24 29° Janucmu A. 1805.

ShiUin^ford A Petition of several Trustees for executing two Acts, a^o!dN<1 ng 111 the 4th and 24th years of His present Majesty,

Petition. for repairing and widening the Road from in

the County of Oxford, through and

borne, to Beading in the County of Berks, and for building a Bridge over the River Thames, at or near Shilling ford Fern/, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Tru flees have borrowed feverat sums of money on the credit of the tolls, which cannot be repaid, nor can the said road and bridge be etfeduallly amended and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be Continued, the powers arid provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the tolls increased: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. George Mr.

of Berkshire, kc.:And they are to meet Tommorrow

Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Account of Permanent and War Taxes, presented.

Appendix

(No. 12.)

Ordnance

Ultimate,

prelemed.

Appendix

(Xo. 13.)

The House being informed, that Mr. from the Exchequer, attended at the door; he was called in; and at the Bar presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the net produce of the Permanent Taxes and the War Taxes for the year ending 5th January 1805; distinguishing each quarter, and distingni/h-ing the produce of the Permanent Taxes and the War Taxes; with a duplicate thereof.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Mr. Wellesley Pole presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,—An Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, for the year 1805, also of the said Charge in Ireland for the said year— Land Service:—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table.

The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Befoked, That the Bill be committed.

Beflived, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Befolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parish of Brandon Brandon, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several open and common fields, meadows, and commonable lands, and also certain heaths, warrens, and tvafte lands; and if the fame were divided and inclosvd, they would be rendered of greater value, and might be much improved; and that, in the month of September 1803, the Petitioners, having it in contemplation to apply to Parliament for an Act to inelofe the said lands and grounds, did give public notice thereof on the door of the Parish Church of Brandon aforesaid, for three Sundays in that month; but difficulties having arisen as to the terms upon which the inclosure should take place, no application was made to Parliament in the last Session for that purpose; and that, supposing it was unnecessary, notice was omitted to be given in the months of August and September last; but as soon as the Petitioners discovered their mistake, they caused notices of their intention to apply to Parliament in the present Session to be affixed on the door of the said Parish Church, upon three Sundays in the month of December now last past; and that all parties interested in the said inclosure have for some time past been apprised of the Petitioners intention to make this application, a great majority of whom are confecting to the inclosure; and that it will be a considerable detriment and loss to the Petitioners, if the Bill for inclosing the said Parish should be deferred until another Session of Parliament: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, or that the Petitioners may have such other relief in the premises as to the House thall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Creevev, Lord Viscount kc.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Surrey Lord Wiliam Buffe’l presented to the House, according ^reiented^1^' *° Order, a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Surrey Iron Railway to raise a further sum of money, for completing the said Railway, and the works thereunto belonging: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

, Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Adjournment. Befolved, That this House will, at the riling of the House this day, adjourn till Thursday next.

Mn'.t Duties Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second committed reading of the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and five, be now read:—And the fame being read; the said Bill was read a second time.

Befoked, That the Bill be committed.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Befoked, That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve itrelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

PcnfKins. kc. Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Duties bu, reading of the Bill for continuing and granting to His commute Majesty aDntv onPensions, Offices, and Personal FJlates, in Enfan't, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Simffi, in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and five, he now read:— And the same being read; the said Bill was read a second . time.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the parishes of Trim’n; Trimley, &c. Saint Mary, Trimley Saint Martin, Kirton, cud Nation, incioiureBili,;

in the County of Suffolk, was read a second time. commuted.

BefolvedfThat the Bill be committed to S r Thomas Charles Banbury, Lord Viscount Bronkc.: And they

are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Order made yesterday, order for That there be laid be fore th's House, an Account of the Account of Exports to Spain in 1803 and 1804, fr-ecifying the Amount ^pain!* W of the Exports to each port separaftly, might be read.:— diieharged. And the same being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the Account of the Exports to the Account of

SoanifhPorts in the years 1803 and 1804, as far as the Exports to

fame can be made out, be primed for the Members of p f} the House. tobeprmtea.

Mr. Jlnfkiffen prefer to-1 to the House, pursuant to Estimate of their Order of the 23d day of July in the last Section of Duties on Parliament, Excite"

An Estimate of all t he Duties changed in Great Britain, Kngiln’d, 1

and out (landing on Bond or otherwise, on the 3th day of Pre‘ented* "

April 180-3, and the fjth day of April 1804, respectively; distinguishing the several Articles, and Temporary from Permanent Duties, so far as relates to the Revenue of Excise *1

in England. "<

And the Title was read. * 't

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the

Table. *1

Ordered,

t^.oo£ie

Appendix,

(No. 5.) Aa

tipping Juarantin^ to be considered.

Account of Bounties on Fish, prefcuted.

Appendix,

(No. 14.)

Indcmuity

Bill,

ordered

Winter’s Nat. Bill, read.

Special

Jtepo-t from

Middkiex

Election

Committee,

funiier

comidered.

45 Geo. Iil; 29°—31‘

Ordered, That the said Estimate be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, for erecting a Lazaret on Chetney Hill, in the County of Kent, and for

reducing Into one Act the Laws relating to Quarantine, and for making further provision therein, might be read: —And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday riext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, to consider of the said Act,

Mr. Hujkiffbn presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Amount of Premiums, Bounties, and Sums of Money, expended under the authority of the Act of the 41ft Geo. III. cap. 99. for granting Bounties for taking and bringing Fish to the Cities of London and Wedminller, and other places in the United Kingdom;

which Premiums or Bounties have been given in consequence of directions from the Lords Conunissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. The said Account is inserted iii the Appendix to this Volume.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify such persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the times limited for those purposes respectively; and to permit such persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the* execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame: And that Mr. Huflajfun, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

Bourne, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Julius Winter, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Tire other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Report which, upon the 9th day of July in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Middlesex, respecting the conduct of the Sheriff of the said County at the' said Election.

And the Resolutions of the Committee were again read, and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That,

" on the thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth days of the poll, on the first of which days there was a considerable * majority of votes in favour of William Mainwaring, Esquire, the Sheriff Robert AlbionCox, Esquire, and Sir " William Rawlins, Knight, wilfully, knowingly, and cor-

" ruptly, did admit to poll for Sir Francis Ba-

" ronet, upwards of three hundred persons, claiming to *, vote under a fictitious right as Proprietors of a mill pur-* ported to be situate in the Parish of and of called The Good Intent Mill, by which means a colour-" able majority was obtained in favour of Sir Francis " Burdett, who was thereby returned as having the " greatest number of legal Votes."

" Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That,

" on the fifteenth day, towards the close of the poll, after " such majority was established, they rejected persons " tendering their votes under the fame circumstanc.es."

" Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That

" the Sheriff at the poll acted in a judicial capacity, by " admitting counsel to argue the validity of votes, and by " deciding in some instances on the validity of such votes; " that in other instances they rcfiifed to decide on the " validity of votes which were objected to, and stated, " that they would admit any persons to poll who would " take the oaths, declaring themselves to be only Minis-VOL 60.

Januarli. . 23

" terial Officers; thereby acting in a manner contradio " tory to their practice in other cases, and in flagrant " violation of their duty."

" Refo ved. That it appears to this Committee; That " the obvious tendency of their conduct was to admit " persons having no right to poll, and to allord the greatest " encouragement to perjury."

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 29th day of January 1771, of the Pro* ceedings of the House in relation to the Report from thq Select Committee appointed to ,try and determine thb merits of the Petition of Thomas Rumbold, Esquire, complaining of an undub Election and Return for the Borough of New Shoreham, in the County of Suffer, might be read j

—And the fame was read.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in thq Journal of the House, of the ift day of April 1803, of tho Proceedings of the House in relation to the Report from the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition of William Esquire, and

also the Petition of Robert Setve I, Esquire, severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Great Grimsby, in the county of ; might be

read:—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That the Charge contained in the said Refo- Charge lutions, against Robert Album Cox, Esquire, and Sir Wil- ^»inftthe Ham Rawlins, Knight, the Sheriff and Returning Officer to be beard of the said County, be heard at the Bar of this House. at the Bar.

Resolved, That the said Charge be heard at the Bar bf this House, upon Friday next.

Ordered, That the said Robert Albion Cox, Esquire, and Sir William Raidins, Knight; do attend this House upon Friday next..

Ordered, That a copy of the said Charge be sent to the said Robert Al ien Cox, Esquire, and Sir William Rawlins,

Knight, and that they be at liberty to be heard by their Counsel;

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning liejtt. Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 31° die Januarii;

Anno 45° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

MR. Blackburne of Lancashirereported from the MancVfter Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company Bury of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester tb petition Bolton and to Bury, under their Common Seal, was re- reported’, ferred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give power for raising any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the line of the Canal; and that the Committee had also examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the 3 ift year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal, was read: And,

John Nightingale, Esquire, being examined, said, Thai the Petitioners have proceeded to cut the said Canal pur-fnant to the directions of the said Act, and have made great progress towards the completion thereof; and in the execution of the fame, have expended the fi-veral sums of money authorized to be raised under the said Act; and that a great part of the said Canal still remains unf milked,-and cannot be completed without a further sum of money being raised for that purpose; and that the Petitioners have also contracted considerable debts on account of the said Canal, which cannot be discharged without the further aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to Bolton and to , to raise money to

H complete

26

31° yanuttrii.

A. 1805,

Manchester and A&ton under Lyae Canal Petition*

complete the fath6: And that Mr. Blackburne of iMnca- Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in Eng-

shire, and Mr. Stanley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame, land, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and

Snuffi in Great for the service of the year one

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ajion-under-Lyne

and Oldham, was presented to the House, and read; let-

ting forth, That several Acts were passed in the 32d, 33d, 38th, and 40th years of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal Navigation; and that the

thousand eight hundred and five;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- Instruction*. mittee. That they have power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have power to receive a Clause, to Petitioners have raised a part only of the money by the make good the deficiency of the Duty granted on Peri-said Acts authorized to be raised, and it is found that the lions. Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, Wales, remainder of such money cannot be raised by the means and the Town of and certain Duties

therein prescribed; and that the Petitioners have con- on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of traded various debts, which they are not now able to pay the year 1803, out of the Supplies granted for the year and d scharge: And therefore praying. That leave may 1805.

" Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That

o - . r j (j'

be given to bring in a Bill to enable them more effectually to provide for the discharge of their debts, and to finish and complete the said Canal, and the Cuts and Works thereto belonging.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report.

them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackbnme of Mr. Stanley, &a: And they are to meet Tommorrow

Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Coat Fafton Indemnity Bill, presented.

Bethnal Green and Shoreditch Road* Bill, presented.

The House proceeded to take into consideration that Leave given part of the Message from the Lords of Monday last. Member* to wherein their Lordships desire, that certain Members of attend

Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, this House may attend the Committee of the Lords, re-

according to Order, a Bill to indemnify all persons em- ferred to in their Lordships said Message. ployed in the disposal of Coals in the Coal Market in the And that part of the said Message was read.

City of London, who have incurred penalties under cer- And Sir Thomas Fetherstone, Baronet, and tain provisions of an Act, made in the 43d year of His Archdall, Esquire, being present, they severally Hood up present Majesty, for establishing a free Market in the City in their places, and declared that they were willing, with of London for the sale of Coals, and for preventing frauds the leave of the House, to go to the House of Lords, as is and impositions in the vend and delively of all Coals desired by their Lordships in the said Message. brought into the Port of London within certain places Resolved, That Sir Thomas Fetherstone, Baronet, and therein mentioned: And the fame was received; and Mervyn Archdall, Esquire, have leave to go to the Lords,

as is desired by their Lordships in their said Message, if they think fit.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, that this House hath given leave to Sir Thomas Fetherstone, Baronet, and Mervyn

read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

- I

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according to Order,«. Bill to enlarge the term and powers of two Acts,

passed in the 29th year of his late Majesty, and the 7th Esquire, to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by

year of His present Majesty, for making a Road from the East fide of the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green,

in the County of Middlesex, to the East end of Church Street, in the said Parish, and to open a way into Shoreditch, and for keeping the fame in repair: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

their Lordships in their Message of Monday last, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the said Message.

Committee on Malt Duties Bill.

InstructMni.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and five;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a committee Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, Qu^antmes for erecting a Lazaret on Chetney in the County of Kent; and for reducing into one Act the Laws relating to Quarantine, and for making further provision therein.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That

n

mittee. That they have power to receive a Clause of they had come to several Resolutions; which they had

V*. W 1 nn him mhrtvi Ik a LJ —...if 1 I*.. A.

Credit

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have power to receive a Clause, to direct, that the deficiency which shall be, on the 25th day of March 1805, of the’ Income of the Duties 011 Malt,

directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander presented to the House, according to laJtmn granted for they ear 1803, to satisfy Principal and Interest Order, a Bill to indemnity such Persons in the United charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices prc c,lte the year 1805. and Employments, and for extending the times limited

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee, for those purposes respectively; and to permit such per-Mr. Speaker left the Chair. fons in Great Britain as have omitted to make awl file

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee. affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to At-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. tomics and Solicitors to make and file the fame; And the

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

prrf

tile;

Coo

Hot

And

G

h

r<

•they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report; when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Committee on Pensioni, Jcc. Duties Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander be added to the M-mber

The Order of the day being read, for the House to men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon for repairing several Roads leading to and fi ora the To wn c ewkcmt the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty a of Crei in the County of Someifet. R^ds Bill.

13 Mr.

45 Geo;

3i° yanuarii~\°

27

Bill.

ttltfltW.

Mr. Alexander presented tb the House, according to Order, the said Bill: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

prefcal

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the 43d axes Com- year of His present Majesty, for consolidating certain of *ne0 the provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to sieved. the Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the same, might be read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending the said Act, so far as prelates to the power of acting as Commissioners in certain Districts: And that Mr. Hujkiffon, Mr. Sturges Bourne, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

rt The House being informed, that Mr. Graham, Inspector

mating of Convicts, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, Conviai, at tjje garj presented to the House, pursuant to the direc-?rt;C"tt' tions of an Act of Parliament,

1 A Paper, intituled, " The Report of Aaron Graham,

« Esquire, Inspector of Convicts in the River Thames and R at Porlfmouth."

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read. Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table. The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Pi(*n from The House being informed, that Mr. Parr, Secretary African to the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, attended at the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar,.presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

The Account of the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; distinguishing every article of expenditure under its proper title: And also,

A Paper, intituled, "Anno 1803—Orders and Regulations."

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table. The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 1° die Februarii>

Anno 45* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1805. Prayers.

Broadwttr A PETITION of several Owners of Estates in the pit* Jt\ Parish of Broadwater, in the County of Sussex, was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are, within the said Parish, several Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Open and Common Downs and Waste Grounds; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, they might be much improved: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ucyd and Sir Cecil Bishopp do prepare, and bring in, the same.

sAirei. APetition of several of the Proprietors of certain Open m^9Common Fields, in the Parish of New Alresford, in the County of Southampton, and also in a certain common palture, called the Common Marsh, in the said Parish, wras presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, it would be of great advantage to the persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That leave may be given , to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Vol. 60.

William Heathcote and Mr. Chute do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Kirkaldy, Ac. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the nt* electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of -

island, Kinghorn, and Dy/hrt; in the room of Sir James St. Clair Erfkhie, Baronet, now Earl of , called up to the House of Peers.

Mr. Dugdale reported from the Committee, to whom Hinckley and the Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts c%^try thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Com- Petition, mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders reported, of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fanie, as it appeared to them, to the House; arid he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was fead; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 27th year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Leicester to Narborough, and from

to Coventry, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and also, an Act, passed in the 29th year of his late Majesty, for explaining and amending the said Act, so far as relates to that part of the said Road which leads from the Town of Hinckley in tire County of to the Town

of Nuneaton, and from thence through the Parishes of Chilvers, Coton, and Bedioorih, in the County of Warwick,

to Bishops Gate, in the City of Coventry; and also, an Act, passed in the second year of His present Majesty, for explaining and amending so much of the said Acts as relates to the said Road between Hinckley and Coventry; were read:—And,

Dudley Baxter, Esquire, being examined, said. That if is apprehended that the terms of the said Acts are expired, and that the said Road cannot be effectually amended, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be revived, and. the powers thereof continued and enlarged, so far as the same relate to the said last mentioned Road.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to revive, continue, and enlarge the term and powers of three Acts, passed in the 27 th and 29th years of his late Majesty, and in the 2d year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned; so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Hinckley to the Town of Nuneaton, in the County of Wanvick, and from thence to Bishop's Gate, in the City of Coventry:

And that Mr. Dugdale and Mr. Mordaunt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Newark Writ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newark-upon- Trent, in the room of Sir Thomas Manners Sutton, now one of the Barons of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at Westminster.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to TvtnefiWrit the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the 'Borough of Totness, in the room of Vicary Gibbs,

Esquire, who since his Election for the said Borough hath accepted the Office of Solicitor (xcheral to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Mitchell the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ* electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Mitchell, in the room of Robert Dallas,

Esquire, who, since his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Chief Justice of Chester.

Mr. Biackhiime of Lancashire presented to the House, Manchester according to Order, a Bill to enable the Company of Pro- and *"7 prictors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to Bolton prerenui"'

and ’

28

1° Februarii.

A. 1805.

and to Bury, to raise money to complete the same: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

ConMittee of The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dickinson, junior, took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. '

Mr. Dickinson, junior, reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had di-, rented him to report, when the House will please to receive

the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Dickinson also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit aeain.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, fefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Hearing of Ordered, That the several Orders of the Day, for hearing, at the Bar of this House, the Charge contained shentf of in the Resolutions which, upon the 9th day of July, in the Mjddiefex. last Session of Parliament, were reported from the Select e e ' Committee, appointed to try and determine the merits of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Middlesex, respecting the conduct of the Sheriff of the said County at the said EleCiion; and also, for the attendance of Robert A'bion Cox, Esquire, and Sir Wi'liam Rawlins, Knight, be now read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Charge be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That Robert Albion Cox, Esquire, and Sir William Rawlins, Knight, do attend this House upon Tuesday next.

Fothbuiy, A Petition of several Persons interested in the Common fcc. inciofure herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and Penuoa. rea<j j setting forth. That there is within the Barony or . Manor of Hopewell, otherwise otherwise Heppell,

and in the Pari dies of Rot and Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland, a Common Moor or Waste, called Tojbn Common, o the wife Hepple Common-, and if the fame was divided and inclosed, it would tend greatly to the improvement of the estates of the persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that M r. Grey and Mr. Beaumont do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary at War reported to the House,-That their Addresses of Monday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give directions that the Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions accordingly.

Mult Du tie* Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the

Bi I. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for con-Ttpomo. tinuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and five, was commuted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to determined by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bein-

grossed.

Answtr to Aidrtflci.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Petitions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snurli in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and five, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had <1 fretted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendments; be ingross’ed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole I louse, to whom it was referred to consider of an Att, made in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, for erecting a Lazaret on Che!tup HiV, in the County of Kent; and for reducing into one Act the Laws relating to Quarantine, and for making further provision therein; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Tonnage Duties granted by the said Att do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every Ton burthen of every iliip or vessel, which ftiip or vessel, or the cargo of which, or on/ part whereof, shall have performed quarantine in Great Britain, and which shall have arrived from any part of Turkey, or from any port or place in Africa, within the Streights of Gibraltar, or in the Weft Barbary on the At 'anticOcean, with a Clean Bill of Health, a duty of seven shillings and sixpence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinionof this Committee, That there be charged for every Ton burthen of every such ship or vessel, which shall have so arrived without a Clean BiR of Health, a duty of fifteen ihill ings.

Resolved, That it is the Opiuion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every Ton burthen of every ship or vessel, which ship or vessel, or the cargo of which, or any part whereof, shall have performed quarantine in Great Britain, and which shall have arrived from any port or place whatever, except from any part of Turkey, or from any port or place in Africa within the Streights of Gibraltar, or in the Weft Barbary on the Atlantic Ocean, with a Clean Bill of Health, a duty of three (hi lings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every Ton burthen of every such iliip or vessel which shall have so arrived without a Clean Bill of Health, a duty of ten shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every Ton burthen of every iliip or vessel, the cargo of which, or any part w hereof, shall con-fid of goods, wares, or merchandize, the growth, produce, or manufacture of Turkey, or of any port or place in Africa within the Streights of Gibraltar, or in the Weft

Barbary on the Atlantic Ocean, and which shall have performed quarantine in Great Britain, and which shall have arrived from any port or place whatever, a duty of seven shillings and sixpence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every Ton burthen of every ship or vessel which shall have so arrived under such circumstances as shall induce His Majesty, by and with the advice of His Privy Council, to subject them to like quarantine as ships arriving from Turkey with Clean Bills of Health, a duty of seven shillings and sixpence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

there

Fen (tons, &c. Duties Bill, reported.

Report on Att ref petting Qua.antinfc

45 Geo. III. 1°—-2° Feb29

there be charged, for every Ton burthen of every flap or vell- 'l which shall have so arrived under inch ci reiwifi ant es as shall induce His Majesty, by and with the advice of His Privy Council, to ful >j eft them to like quarantine as blips arriving from Turkey without Clean Bills of Health, a duty of fifteen boilings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be charged, for every Ton burthen of every iliip or vessel, which blip or veil'd, or the cargo of which, or any part whereof, shall liaVe performed quarantine in Great Britain, and which blip or vessel shall enter inwards in the port of London, an additional duty of one bulling.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Bose, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.. Sturges Bonnie, and Mr. Jlujkijfon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Indemnity Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second wii, reading of the Bill to indemnify such persons in the committe. United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the times limited for those purposes respectively j and to permit such persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the fame, be noy read:—And the fame being read; the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rfoloed, That the Bill be committed tp a Committee of the whole Housev

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the day being read;

*"Ppjr* Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, w ‘ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Sabbati,2° die;

Anno 450 Georgii IIItW Regis, 1805. Prayers.

MMditton A PETITION of several Owners of Lands in the htmoT C* Manors and Townships of Middleton in Teefda’e and Eggfestone, in the County of Durham, was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are within the same certain Moors, Commons, and Tracts of Waste Land, and it would be a great advantage to all parties concerned, if certain parts thereof were divided and indofed, and other parts converted into stinted pa f-ture-s: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes. '

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bitrdon and Sir Ralph Milbankc do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Wilt Pities Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-‘bpahtd. ing of the ingrotl’ed Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt in Great Britain, for the fin-vice of the year 1805, be now read :—And the fame being read; the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the I itle be. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1805.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Vol. 60.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Pension*, & ing of the ingrobed Bill for continuing and granting to II is Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal p Estates in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt,

Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1805, be now read :—And the fame being read; the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on. Petitions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff in Great Britain, for the service of the year 18 o

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrobed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Winter’s naturalizing Henry Julius Winter, was read a second time. - it’d

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr.

Sir John William Anderson, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Hujkiffon, presented to the House, according to Affeflid

Order, a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, made mi^oner*"* in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for consolidating Bill, certain of the provisions contained in any Act or Acts PreIeu£ed-relating to the Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the same, so far as relates to the power of acting as Commissioners in certain Districts: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committeeoa resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon In,'PT!mity the Bill to indemnify such persons in the United Kingdom 1 as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the times limited for those purposes respectively; and to permit such persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the fame, be now read:

—And the fame being read j the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

OrderedfXhzX the Report be received upon Monday next.

Mr. Dickinson, junior, according to Order, reported Report Way* from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was and Mean*, referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; wdiich he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read and is as followeth •, viz.

Resolved, Th&t it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, Exchequer towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the sum of Three Millions be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Dickinson, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Lovaine, Lord Viscount Mr. Long, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Sturges Bourne,

Mr. Hujkiffon, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Further House, pursuant tQ tfieir Addreftas ty His Majesty—

I further vc 0

r "'c;: iTi.'in

vfu u oyun, p:fe:r.icd.

'Appendix,

(No. 4.)

Returns, &rc. relating to the Army, presented.

Arrc: dix,

(-0. 15.)

y-.Vnnue of

b-r.A's,

presented.

Appendix,

(No. 16.)

Winterton, &c. fnclosure and Drainage Petition.

30

o°.

/W

4° Febntarii.

A. 1805.

Further Papers relative to the Difcuftion with Spain, in i 803 and 1804—together with a List:—And the said Lilt was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table. The Papers, of which there are Truncations, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translations, and the other Papers, are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

• Return of the number of effective Men in foreign levies, and provincial corps formed or forming for the service of Great Britain: And also.

Return of the number of effective Recruits raised for the two new Battalions now recruiting in Scotland for general service, and for the four new Battalions now recruiting in Ireland for general service; distinguishing the Recruits intermediately approved from those finally approved by the latest Returns, with the dates of the letters of fen ice of the said corps: And also,

Return of the number of Men finally approved who have been raised by officers recruiting for rank, exclusive of the Recruits enlisted for general service for the two new Battalions railing in Scotland, and the four new Battalions raising in Ireland: And also,

Return of the number of Recruits finally approved for general service from id June 1804 to id January 1805, and recruited by recruiting Staff in the Unit'd Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; distinguishing the number who have received bounty as Boys: And also,

Return of the number of effective Men raised in the United Kingdom for the Levy now recruiting by Colonel French for general service; specifying the number of Recruits finally approved up to the lad Return, together with the date and terms of the letter of service, and the number of officers who have been appointed to the said Levy: And also.

State of the British Forces at home and on foreign fta-tions on the id of January 1804: And also,

State of the British Forces at home and on foreign fta-tions oh the id of January 1805.

* And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Papers be printed for the Members of the House,

The said Papers are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by I lis Majesty’s command,—Estimate of the Runs that may be required for the service of the Barrack Department in Great Britain in the year 1805:—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Edimate do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Edimate be printed ior the Members of the House.

The said Edimate is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce 4° die;

Anno 450 Georgii IILtil Regis, 1805. Prayers.

drained: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That, the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Martin Mr.

Coke of Norfolk, &e.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for perform, papers, and records.

A Petition of George Wilson, of Redgrave in the Petition of

County of Suffolk, Esquire, was presented to the Iloui’e, and read; taking notice of the application for leave to Application bring in a Bill for inclosing certain Lands and Grounds in for Brandon the Parish of Brandon, in the said County; and Hating, I1C oiure* that the notices required by the Standing Orders were not given within the limited time: And therefore praying, That the House will not give leave for bringing in such Bill in the present Sffiion.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon tire Table.

Sir Evan Nepean presented to the House, pursuant to Estimate of their Address to His Majesty, an Estimate of the Debt ;N*'P' D'!)t» of His Majesty’s Navy, as it flood on the 3 ift December eme

1804.—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table.

The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to this Appendix, volume. (No. 17.)

A Petition of the several Owners of Estates or Inha- Hollinwccd bitants in or near the several parishes and places herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Roads' °n setting forth, That the making and maintaining of a ration. Turnpike Road from or near a certain public house at Ilollinioooodinthe Township of Chuddin the County

Palatine of Lancaster, known by the sign of The through or near to certain places called Sluno Chapel and Milnroiv, to Fea'herjlall, in the Township of

in the said County; and a branch from and out of the said intended Road, at or near a farm house in,

known by the name of Duckworth's,to or near to Middleton, in the said County; another branch therefrom, at or near Dnj Clough, in the Township of in the said County (on the Northerly fide of Chadderton Hall) to or near to Middleton; another branch therefrom, at or near the aforesaid house called Duck's, to or near to Bent Green, in Oldham, in the said County; another branch therefrom, at or near a certain house in the Town-ship of Crompton, in the said County, now in the occupation of Samuel JIarrifon, to or near to Grains, in the same Township; and another branch therefrom, at or near to Milnroiv to Rochdale, in the said County, would

be a great benefit and advantage to the inhabitants of the adjacent country, and would open a much shorter and better communication than there is at present between the Towns of Oldham and Todmorden, and the very populous and manufacturing country in and near Middleton, Oldham, Shazo Chapel, and Butterworth, and the Towns and places adjacent thereto, and between various other parts of the country: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear

to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackof I.ancashire, Mr Stanley,&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speuker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A PETITION of several Owners of Estates in the A Bill for repairing several Roads leading to and from crewkeme Parishes of Winterton, EaflSomerton and Weft So- the Town of Creivkerne, in the County of was Hoads Bill,

merton, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the read a second time. commuted.

House, and read; setting forth, That there are within the Rejoiced, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ftvid Parishes certain Open Fields, Marthes, Doles, Com- Mr. Gore Langton, Sec.: And they are to meet this Af-monable Fen Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and ternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber, it would be advantageous to the persons interested therein, if the fame were divided and allotted, and if such parts A Bill to indemnify all Persons employed in the dif- Coal Frftor* thereof as are liable to -,be overflowed with water were ' posal of Coals in the Coal market in the City of London, Ing*mty

• * * " Who committed.

B'thaal Gr«n and Shoreditch Roads Bill, committed.

Surrey

Railway Bill,

committed.

Quarantine

B:ll,

printed.

Further

Returns, See. relating to the Army, prclenfed.

45 Geo. III.

4° Ft

earuara.

31

who have incurred penalties under certain provisions of an Act, made in the 43d year of His present' Majesty, for establishing a free market in the City of London for the sale of Coals, and for preventing frauds and impositions in the vend and delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of Ijotulon, within certain places therein mentioned, was

read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tommorrow seven-night, the 12th day of this instant February, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to enlarge the term and powers of two Acts, passed in the 29th year of his late Majesty, and the 7th year of His present Majesty, for making a Road from the East fide of the Parish of Saint Bethnal Green, in the County of MiddUfe:r, to the East end of Church. Street, in the said Parish, and to open a way into Shoreditch, and for keeping the fame in repair, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. soaring, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Surrey Iron Railway to raise a further sum of money for completing the said Railway, and the works thereunto belonging, was read a second time.

Refo 'va'/y That the Bill be committed to Lord William Rnfoll, Sir John Frederick, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Rose presented to the I louse, according to Order, a Bill for repealing the Duties on Ships and Vessels performing Quarantine in Great Britain, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof, and making further provisions for the due performance of Quarantine: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Ref deed, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Friday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Returns of the number of effective Men raised under three Acts, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional force for the defence of the Realm, and for other purposes relating thereto—with a Recapitulation: And also,

Return of the number of effective Men entitled from the Army of Reserve into His Majesty’s Regular forces for general service, up to the last Return; distinguishing those eniifted previous to the ill of June last, from such as have been eniifted subsequent to that period: And also.

Return of the number of Recruits finally approved for unlimited service, from the ift of June 1804 to the ill of January 1805, in the United Kingdom, for regiments at home and abroad, exclusive of the Recruits eniifted for the two new Battalions rafting in Scotland, and the four new Battalions railing in Ireland for general service, and ofthofe raised by Officers for Rank: And also.

Return of the number of Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers that have been detached from their respt-Ctive regiments for the purpose of receiving men expected to be raised under an Act of the last Sclhon, intituled, "An Act for establishing and maintaining a per-" manent additional Force for the defence of the Realm,

" and to provide for augmenting His Majesty’s Regular " Forces, and for the gradual reduction of the Militia of ■" England:"And also,

Return of the Deaths, Discharges, and Desertions, which have taken place in the Army at home from the 1 ft May to the 31ft December 1803, also from the ill January to the 31ft December 1804: And also,-

Abllract of the number of Casualties which have taken . Vql. 60.

place in the Army abroad since the commencement of the war, as far as can be ascertained from Returns which have been received at the Adjutant General’s Office.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Papers be printed for the Members of the House.

.The said papers are inserted in the Appendix to this Afyndtx, volume. , (No. 15.)

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the indemnity Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify such persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the times limited for those purposes respectively; and to permit such persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the fame, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Assessed reading of the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, Com' made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for consolidating certain of the provisions contained in any Act or committed. Acts relating to the Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the same, so far as relates to the powrer of acting as Commissioners in certain Districts, be now read.—And the fame being read; the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates, or Inhabitants, lanerk Roads in or near to the several parishes and places herein after Petltio,l> mentioned, wraspresented to the House, and read-, setting forth. That the making and maintaining of a Turnpike Road, beginning at the limits of the Counties of Edinburgh and Lanerk, near Woodmuir, in the County of Edinburgh, and running Weft ward from the said limits through the County of Lanerk, by or near the town of

Wilfontmcn, through the Forths, to and

onwards to the burgh of Lanerk, all in the parishes of

Carmvath, Carjlairs, and Lanerk, and County of Lanerk aforesaid, as also a branch or line from the said Road towards fiavenjlruther, in the said parish of Carjlairs and

County of Lanerk, will be a great benefit and accommodation to the Owners of estates and Inhabitants within or near to the said parishes and places, as well as to the Public at large: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-Cderation of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Archibald Hamilton, Mr,

Robert Dundas,&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow

Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of East India a Letter from Lord Viscount Castlereagh, to the Chairman Papers, and Deputy Chairman of the East India Company, dated ot(lered-9th September 1804; with the Enclosures contained therein.

Ordered,

32 4T'—5° Febtuaru. 1803.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Eftb The other Order of 'he day being read;

mate of the Expence of building $ Seventy-four Gun Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ship and a Thirty-six Gun Frigate at Bombay, by the resolve itself into a Commit L'c of the whole Iioutiy to Government of Bombay. consider further of Ways and Means for railing t heSupply

next, w-.v'-and

M.uu?,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies granted to His Majesty.

of two Letters from Sir Andrew Snape diamond, Baronet, to the Chairman of the East India Company, dated 29th and 30th October 1804.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, also of the Court of Directors, or their Committee of Correspondence, respecting the Prince of Wales's Island, so far as the fame may be disclosed without prejudice to the public service.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Men tis, 5° fi lieFcbruarii;

Anno 45* Georgii III"1 Regis, 1805.

Exchequer Bills Bill, (relented.

Mr. Alexander presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising the sum of three millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year 1805: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Address for Copy of Comm: (Hon respecting Naval Department.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that, there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Commission which has been lately issued by the Crown, empowering Sir Charles Middleton, Baronet, and others in the said Commission named, to act for such purposes in the Naval Department as are specified in the fame Commission.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Committee of Supply.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to

Estimates, &c. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

referred: - * - - -- - - ’

Army

Services.

Ordnance.

Barracks.

consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the several Estimates, relating to Army Services, which were presented to the House by Mr. Secretary at War upon Monday last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, for the year 1805; also of the said Charge in Ireland for the said year—Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the sums that may be required for the service of the Barrack Department in Great Britain in the year 1805, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he w as directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit. again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty,

Prayers.

AP ET1T ION of the Company of Proprietors of the Grand junQ'. Grand Junction Canal, was presented to the House, t‘.l>"

J; qj|] y)&iiy s

and read; setting forth, That the said Canal, and a con- Kuu«n. iiderable part of the collateral communications, authorized to be made by several Acts, passed in the 33d, 34th,

35th, 36th, 38th, 41ft, and 43d years of His present Majesty, have been completed, together with the wharfs, warehouses, and other works therein directed; and that, for the better management of the said Canal and C uts, and promoting the great objects thereof, it is necessary that some alterations and amendments should be made in the said Acts, and further powers granted to the said Company of Proprietors: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Praed, the Earl Sec.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

K)

Issd

txc.

A Petition of several Tmftecs for carrying into execu- c irk and tion several Acts, made in Ireland, in the r;th and 19th 5 years of his late Majesty, and the 28th and 30th years Petition, of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the bounds of the Counties of Cork and,

between the Towns of Kimallockand to the

City of Cork, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Acts have been found infufli-cient for the purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient that further and additional powers should be granted, and the terms of the said Acts be enlarged; and it would tend greatly to facilitate the execution of the purposes of the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the said Road, if such parts thereof were repealed, an l further provisions made: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report tire fame, as it tliall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Long field, Mr. Orm &c.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records. 1

A

tb

by Mr. Harvey and The Lord*

have passed

Halley'*

Name dill.

Farther Papers relative to the Difcutfion with Spain, presented.

Appendix

(No. 4.)

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, pursuant to their Addrefl'cs to His Majesty, further Papers relative to the Difcufiion with Spain in 1803 and 1804;—together with a List.—And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table. The Papers of which there are Translations, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translations, and the other Papers, are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

A Meflhge from the Lords,

Mr. Cox:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Joseph Thom 'son Whatey, Eftpiirc, and Sarah his Wife, and their respective ifl'ue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Half3/, pursuant to the will of Frederick Ilalfy, Esquire, deceased; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the first time. Bill read Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish reported from D-r' y and the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue and amend

XV.W ! ' lit,

4 Oil repos.^d.

45 Geo. III. 5° Febru 33

an Act, passed in the 17th year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Derby, through' Ashborne to Hurdloe Hoitfe, in the County of Derby, was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which the}' had directed him to report to the House; and he read, the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Htath A Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts CanTck herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and Bolton Roadi read; setting forth. That several Acts were passed in the Petition. gd and 25th years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a place called Nightingales, in the towhfltip of Heath Charnock, to the Bridge at the Weft end of the town of Bolton the , in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and that the Petitioners have borrowed considerable sums of money on the credit of the tolls, which still remain due; and it is expedient that the said Acts should be repealed, and further and other powers granted; and that if the Road h acting from a place called Bob's Smithy, {ii.ua.te. in the Township of Ilmton, in the said County, into the new Road leading from Bolton in the Moors aforesaid to Prejlonin the said County, and from thence into the new Road leading from Bolton in the Moors to Blackburn, in the said County; and also if the Road leading from a certain place, called Abigail Bromileys, in Haliivell, by Smith ills Mill, to the Turnpike Road leading from Bolton in the Moors to Blackburn, in the said County, were made Turnpike Roads, and included in the intended Act, it would be of great convenience and advantage to the neighbourhood, and of public utility: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the faH Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. of Mr.

Stonier/,&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

’xchfquer Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for raising the sum of three millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year 1805, be now read :—And the fame being read; the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

mitteeon Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to fcom- re^0,ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon n-r» the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for consolidating certain

of the provisions contained in any Act; or Acts relating to the Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the same, so far as relates to the power of acting as Commissioners in certain Districts, be now read:—And the fame being read; the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Vol. 60.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third tiine Tomorrow.

A Petition of several Owners of Land in that part of Leadhills, &c the County of Lanark, through which the Leadhills Turn- pR<?a.d* pike Road passes, and Trustees of the said Road, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That an Act: was passed, in the 12th year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading through the County of Lanark, and for other purposes, which Act was continued and amended by an Act; passed in the 32d year of His said Majesty; and that the Trustees, nominated by the said Acts for the said Leadhills Road, have borrowed several considerable sums of money on the credit of the Tolls; which cannot be repaid, nor the Road effectually amended, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be further continued, and the powders thereof altered and enlarged, and a power given to continue the line of road from Dolphington, near the Eastern extremity of the Road through the Parishes of Linton and,

both in the County of Peebles, towards Pennicuik, in the County of Edinburgh: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of a’Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Archibald Hamilton, Mr.

Robert Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, atNine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Supply* to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth -,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Land Forces, a number of Land Forces, not exceeding one hundred and thirty-five thousand one hundred and twenty-one effective men, commissioned and non-commissioned officers included, be employed in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25 th day of December 1804 to the 24th day of December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Guards and a sum not exceeding four millions six hundred and thirty- GarnCjns‘ five thousand one hundred and eighty-eight pounds seventeen shillings and seven pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of one hundred and thirty-five thousand one hundred and twenty-one effective men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, including the Charge of the pay and daily allowance of commissioned officers, non-commissioned officers, and private men, the Charge of clothing of non-commissioned officers and private men, the Charge of agency, and the Charge of annual allowances to be made to field officers, captains, and riding-masters, the extra allowance for farriery, and the allowance for great coats, from the 25th day of December 1804 to the 24th day of December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Forces in a sum, not exceeding one million four hundred and twen- ptauUtlor's* ty-four thousand nine hundred and twenty pounds eleven millings and seven pence, be granted to His Majesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, &c. including those serving at Gibraltar, in the,

in Ceylon, and in New South Wales, including the Charge of pay and daily allowance of the commissioned officers, non-commissioned officers, and private men, the Charge of clothing of non-commissioned officers and private men, the Charge of agency, and the charge of annual allowances to be made to field officers and captains, and for great coats, from the 25th day of December 1804 to the 24th day of December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Recruiting a sum, not exceeding twenty-five thousand four hundred forlnrd'i^>ps w and ten pounds eighteen ftullings and four pence, be

K granted

34

ftecniiting* &c. for Land Forces.

Embodied

Militia.

Contingen-

cies.

Clothing.

Supernumerary Cfhcers,

Allowances

to certain Officers.

5° FchnicniL

A. 1805.

General and Staff Officers.

granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of four troops of dragoons, and fifteen companies of foot, Rationed in Great Britain, for the purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in Eqfi India, from the 25th day of December 1804 to the 24th day of December 1005 both inclusive, being 365 days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That & sum, not exceeding one hundred and sevenly-five thousand ef'lit hundred and sixty-six pounds foven /hillings and eight pence, be granted to I lis Majesty, upon account for the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty’s Land Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and on foreign Rations, from the 25th day of December 1804 to the 24th day of Dt-cember 1805, both inclusive, being 365 days.

'Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding two hundred and eighty-eight thhu-sand eight hundred and fifty-eight pounds three shillings and two pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of General and Staff Officers and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th day of December 1804 to the 24 th day of December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 days.

Rfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding two millions one hundred and seven-ty-six thousand three hundred and twenty-six pounds ten findings and seven pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th day of December 1804 to the 24 th day of December 1805, both inclusive, being 364 days.

t’e/otret/hv.xt it is the Opinion this Committee, That a fnm, not exceeding sixty-tive thousand six hundred and ninely-two pounds six shillings and two pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in the l’u ted Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th d-iy of December 1804 to the 241I1 day of December 180^, both inclusive, being 363 days.

Rfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum not exceeding one hundred and ninety-eight thousand seven hundred and ninety-three pounds, be granted toll is Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Clothing for tV Embodied Militia in that part of the United Kingdom caled Great Britain, from the 25th day of December 1804 to the 24th day of December 1805" both inclusive, being 365 days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding thirty-four thousand four hundred and sixty-nine pounds six shillings and eight pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of I lis Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th day of December 1804 to the 24th day of •December 3805, both inclusive, being 365 days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding one hundred and ninety-one thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight pounds eight shillings red ten pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Allowances to the principal Officers of f. t;:1 Public Departments in the United Kingdom of Great Bdtainand Ireland, their Deputies, Clerks, and

contingent Evpences, and of the amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Pay mailer General, from the 25th day of December 1004 to the 24th day of December 1805,

TV] clows V.Aiioas,

both ineiufi1,

being

>63 days

SnbMence to Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

Innkeepers. a film, not exceeding four hundred and seventy-six thousand six hundred and ninety-nine pounds and fiveshillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the increasi d Rates of SubfiRenee to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers, of an Allowance ..f Lodging Money to be made to the inhabitants of North Britain on whom Soldiers may be quartered, of an Allo wance to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty’s Land Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for Small Beer, and of an Allowance to the Non-cornmi/lioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty’s Forces while on a March, in

that part of the Vnited Kingdom Willed Iff land, from the 23th day of December 1804 to the 24th day of December 180-, both inclusive, being 365 days.

• 7iV/t>/u«/, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That HalfPajr. a sum not exceeding one hundred jhk! seventy-five thousand six hundred and twenty-three pounds seven /hillings and eleven pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon account of Half Pay to Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the year 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Reduced a sum, not exceeding five thousand six hundred and sixty- °1"‘-ers-five pounds eight /hillings and sixpence, be granted to His Majesty, upon account of Military Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, for the year 1805.

Resolved, T\vxt it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Half Pay. a sum not exceeding fifty thousand pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty s British American Forces, for the year 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Officers late a sum, not exceeding one thousand pounds, be granted Sut^ to His Majesty, on account of several Officers late in the General, ten ice of the States General, for the year 1805.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Chelfeaand a sum, not exceeding two hundred and forty-nine thousand three hundred and ninety-seven pounds eleven shillings and four pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the*Charge of the In and Out Pensioners of Chelsea and Kihnainham Hospitals, and of the Ex ponces of the said I lospitals, from the 25th day of December 1804 to the 24th day of December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 da vs.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commit Vr, 7 a Aim, not exceeding twenty-nine thoWrid o hundred and thirty-seven pounds nineteen ihiffirms rnd five pence, be granted to His Majesty, for debaving the Charge of Pensions to be paid to Widows of Office* sot the Land Forces, and Expences attending the fame, in the United Kingdom of Croat Britain and Ireland, from the 2 3th day of December 1S04 to the 24th day of December *1805, both.inclusive, being 365 days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Fon-tg* a Aim, not exceeding eight hundred and fifty-one thousand three hundred and fifty pounds fix findings and four pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Foreign Corps in the service of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th day of December 1804 to the 24thday of December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 days.

Befolvedy That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Hof ita! a Aim, not exceeding twenty thousand five hundred and

twenty-two pounds eleven shillings and ten pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of General Hospital Expences of His AIajefry’s Forces in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, including the provision of Medicaments for General and Regimental Hospitals, and the Charge of the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin, for sick and wounded Soldiers, from the 2 5t.l1 day of December 1804 to the 24th day of December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 da vs.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That MlKtarj a sum, not exceeding twenty-three thousand four hum- Al/iam# dred and fifty-eight pounds six shillings and one penny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea, for the year 1805.

1 BefolredyThat it is the Opinion of tbisCoumuttee, That Military a sum, not exceeding thirteen thousand three hundred College, and fifteen pounds six shillings and four pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Royal Military College, for the year 1805.

• Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commit a. That Barrack a sum, not exceeding one million ft veil hnnfiodmid Departments eighty-two thousand one hundred and twenty-eight i

pounds eleven shillings and eight pence, be granted to

His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Barrack Department in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the year 1803.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of ibis Commitire. That o^rr^ce. a sum, not exceeding three millions one hundred lix’y-

\ firce

ton

Dai

i:0ii

fg

Ordmnce in Ireland.

Mutiny Bill, tiered.

H:nd—

Accounts ordered;

loans.

Sank Notes.

<ta, See.

45 Geo. III.

5° FebruariL

three thousand four hundred fix fern pounds one finding and six pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Olhce of Ordnance for Land Service for Great Britain, for the year i Soy

BefohrdyThat it is the Opinion of tins C ommittee, That a Ann, not exceeding one hundred and ninety thousand three hundred forty-four pounds two ihiliings and four pence, be granted to 1 Its Majesty, for defraying the expence of lervires performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for Great Britain, and not provided for by Parliament, in the year 1803.

* Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

afum, not exceeding five hundred and three thousand two hundred thirty-four pounds oLht shillings and ten pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the expenceof services performed by t!ie Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for Great Br and not provided lor by Parliament, in 1 he year l So p

Resolved, That it. is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Aim, not exceeding one ItinOred twenty-nine thousand two hundred and thirty pounds ii.lv > n llnllings and five pence, he granted to His Majesty, to replace the Aim advanced by the Exchequer i1’ for Ordnance

Services in that part of the Ue.:-d Kingdom, to 31A December 1S04, beyond the grants by Parliament for the said Services in the said year.

Rrfrvrcl,'I'hat it is the Opinion of this Committde, That a Ann, not exceeding four hundred severity thousand seven hundred sixty-nm^ pounds four shillings and seven pence, he granted to His Majofly, for the Charge of the Ofliee of Ordnance in Ire’and, for the year 1805.

The twenty-two find Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Amo id time, were, upon the (iueltiou fei orally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The twenty-third Resolution of the Committee, being read a feeond time; fe\ end Amendments were proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving’ out the words " seven €C hundred and eighty-tv o," and inserting the words cc six hundred and forty-two," instead thereof; and determined by leaving out the words " v>ne hundred and twenty-eight,1" and inserting the wo Ms " four hundred and sixty," in-Head thereof:—And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Re fake /, That this Monfe doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution so amended. That a sum, not exceeding one million six hundred and forty-two thousand four hundred and sixty pounds eleven Ihiliings and eight pence, bo granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Barrack Department in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the year i8orp

The fnbfrfiueut Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a feeond time, were, upon the Question fey era! !y put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defat ion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Lord Chares Henri/ Somerset, Mr. Rose, Mr. Wellesley Pole, and Mr. Attorney General, do prepare, and bring in, the fume.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the f uns of Money borrowed in England for the service of Ireland, with the I aUwell and Charges of Management thereon; Hating the, years in which the several Loans had been made, and dhtinguishing the sums borrowed in each year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Notes of the Bonk of Ireland in circulation during the year 18^4; diHinguishing those in each Quarter, and also those under the value of Five Pounds.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account how the Loan ruifed in Great Britain for Ireland has been transmitted lincc August Iaft; difunguishing Dales, Sums, Rates of Exchange, and amount of applications received at the Irish Treasury pursuant to any Notices given respeeling the tame, with Copies of every tuch No\ ice, and the date thereof Vol. 60.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Itoufe, a St ale- Bank, merit of the Price's and Fluctuations in the Price of Stock of the Bank of Ireland, from the 1 (\ of Ja.irevy 77448 to the ill of January 1804; fluting also tno dividends payable on the 1 It of January 180 7, with the dates of ail Increase of Dividends, and the amount and date of any Bonus that may have been given by the Rank to the Proprietors during the above period.

Ordered, That there be laid before tills Iloufg an Ac- Accounts count of the Repairs of His Majesty’s ship the Romney, in ygtytino, the

o 1 J J 1 Repairs of the

the y eat 1800. Romney, &c.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a copy ordered, of the Report of the Navy Board, of the 20th February 1804, respecting the repairs of the Romney and Senjibk\ and the expenditure and supply of stores on board of those ships while under the command of Sir Home Pop-haviy Knight; together with its enclosures.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, the Accounts of Mr. Spearman, afling Naval Officer, for all the purchases therein Hated to have been made for the ilnps in the Red Sea; together with the Report or Reports of the Navy Board thereon.

Ordered That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Letters of Marquis Wellejlcp, respecting the above Accounts, transmitted to the Directors of the East India Company.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, Copy Coplnof of a Letter from Sir Home Ponhum to the Navy Board, dated Portland Road, 4th December iSco; and also, m,- Home Copy of the Examinations in detail of Inch people as were selected to be examined before the Surveyor of the Navy, and the Commissioner- anil other Officers of Chatham Dock Yard, on or about the 18th May 1803; and also.

Copy of a Letter from Sir Home Ponham to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated 26th July 1803; and aifn. Cony of a Letter from Sir Home Ponham to the Commissioners of the Nayv, dated 3d August 1803, with Enclufures; and also, Copy of a Letter from Sir Home Peoham to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated Clh March 18 4; and also, Copy of a Letter from the Secretary of the Admiralty to Sir Home Popham, dated qth March 1804; and also. Copy of a Letter from St Home Popham to I lie Commissioners of the Navy, dated nth March 1804; and also, Copy of a Letter from the Navy Board to. Sir Home Popham, dated 10th April 1804; and also, Copy of a Letter from tlm Secretary of the Admiralty to Sir Home Popham, dated 7 3th September 18^4; and also.

Copy of a Letter from Sir Home Popham to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated 2c)lh September 1804, with fix Enclosures; and also. Copy of a Letter from the Governor General in Council to the Court of Directors, dated Fort William, 23d February 1803; and also, an Account of the Bills drawn from Calcutta, by the Naval Officer at Calcutta, with Sir Home Popham $ signature; and also, an Account of the Expences of the Romney from the 25th November 1800, the day the failed from Sheerne/}9 to 2d June 1S03, as nearly as can be ascertained, with a view of shewing how much Hie exceeded the proportion of the Vote of Parliament allowed for Wear, Tear, and Ordnance, or came within that sum, reference being had to the Hate of the ship when ilie failed and when Hie returned, with a fair appreciation of the Stores ihc returned with; and also, the Amount of the Repairs and Stores of the Heroine, Oiseau, and Sybille, at Calcutta; and a!f>.

Copy of the Bill for the Repairs of the Romney, eluded under the four following heads—ill. Materials—2d. Shipwrights Work—3d. Hire of Hulks, Boats, Yeficls for transnorting Stores, &c. &o. and—4U1. Sundries, not included in Carpenters Bills in England; and also, Copy of a Letter from Sir Home Popham to the Commissioners of the Navy, dated Deal, 16th December 18^4; and also.

Copy of a Let ter from the Commissioners of the Navy to Sir Home Popham, dated 17U1 December 1804; and also.

Copy of the Report of the Commissioners of the Victualling to the Admiralty, on the Expences incurred by the Squadron under Sir Home Popham; and also. Copy of Sir Home Popham s Answer to that Report, dated ^3d August, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, vith the Enclosures.

Pifcuked,

5®—6° Februarii. A* 1805.

Addrefi for Refohed, That an humble Address be presented to His rciadve Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give di-

Discussion regions, that there be laid before this House, Copy of

wuh Spain. Instructions from the Admiralty in the month of March 1804, and subsequent to that period, to Sir Thomas Duckworth, K. B. or other Naval Officers commanding in the West Indies, respecting the conduct to be observed towards the ffiips of neutral nations, and particularly those belonging to the Crown of Spain.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

Ordm for bearing Cfaai

tgami or Middlesex, &c. discharged.

Report from Middlesex Rle&ion Committee, further

eoafidcroL

Debate on Motion for

The several Orders of the day being read, for hearing, at the Bar of this House, the Charge contained in the Resolutions which, upon the 9th day of July, in the last Session of Parliament, were reported from the Select Committee, appointed to try and determine the merits of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue election and return for the County of Middl, respecting the conduct of the Sheriff of the said County at the said election; and also for the attendance of Robert Albion Cox, Esquire, and Sir William Rawlins, Knight;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

A Motion M as made, and the Question being proposed. That the Report which, upon the 9th day of July, in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the said Select Committee, be now taken into further consideration;

The House was moved. That the several entries in the Journal of the House, of the 8th and 12th days of February 1771, of the proceedings of the House in relation to the Report from the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of New Shoreham, might be read.—And the fame M ere read.

The House was also moved. That the several entries in the Journal of the House of the nth and 14th days of April 1785, of the proceedings of the House in relation to the Report from the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Criddade, might be read.—And the fame were read.

The House was also moved. That the entry in the Journal of the House, of the 25th day of April 1803, of the proceedings of the House in relation to the Report from the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Great Grimsby, might be read.—And the fame was read.

The House M'as also moved. That the entry in the Journal of the House, of the 25th day of April 1785, of the Report which was made from the Committee w ho were appointed to search the Journals of this House, touching the usage of the House in cases of Reports of Committees of Privileges or Elections respecting the conduct of Returning Officers, and to report the same to the House, might be read.—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

And the first Resolution of the said Select Committee,

" That on the thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth days " of the poll, on the first of which days there was a considerable majority of votes in favour of William -* waring, Esquire, the Sheriff’, Robert Albion Cox, Esquire, " and Sir William Rawlins, Knight, wilfully, knowingly,

" and corruptly, did admit to poll for Sir Francis " Baronet, upwards of three hundred persons claiming * to vote under afiftitious right, as proprietors of a Mill, purported to be situated in the parish of Isleworth, and called The Good Intent Mill, by which means a co-* lourable majority was obtained in favour of Sir Francis " Burdett, who Mas thereby returned as having the * greatest number of legal votes," being read a second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

And a debate arising in the House thereupon; agreeing t»

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till this day •sevennight. adjourned.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Confident* the 28th day of January last, for taking into consideration the

upon Thursday next, the Papers relative to the Difcufiion Difcuifio* with Spain in 1803 and 1804; and also, the Paper, initituled, " Declaration," dated, " Downing Street, 24th <rr " January 1805," might be readAnd the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Papers be taken into consideration upon Friday next.

The other Order of the day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill to indemnify such Indemnity persons in the United Kingdom, as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the times limited for those purposes respectively; and to permit such persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the fame, be read the third time Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercum, 6° die Fe

Anno 450 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

SIR Martin Broivne Follces reported from the Com- winierio*, mittee, to w’hom the Petition of several Owners of In^'lun. Estates in the Parishes of Winterton, Kajl Somerton, and Drainage Weft Somerton, in the County of Norfolk, was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the p Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure and Drainage, had been complied with, so far as relate to the Notices having been affixed on the Church doors of the said Parishes on the 5 th and 12th days of August last, but that no notices were affixed on the said Church doors on the following Sunday, owing to a mob having assembled for the purpose of obstructing the person who went to affix the said notices, and which the said person M’as by force and threats prevented from doing; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as fol-loM’eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Samuel Boll, being examined, said, That there are within the said Parishes certain Open Fields, Marll.es, Doles, Commonable Fen Lands, Commons, and Walie Grounds, containing in the whole, by estimation, 2,700 Acres, or thereabouts; and it would be advantageous to the porlbns interested therein, if the fame were divided and allotted, and if such parts thereof as are liable to be overflowed with water, were drained.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Sir Thomas Charles Bunbury reported from the Com- Trimley, itc. mittee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the pa- inciotureRiii, rilhesof Trimley Saint Mary, TrimlexjSain Kirhm, lxp01teii' and Nation, in the County of Suffolk, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered 3 the

D ized by t^oogie

Cherington

Indoiure

Petition.

Winter’s Nit. Bill, reported, and passed.

Account of Reduction of National Dor, p relented.

Appendix,

(No. 18.)

Account of Hop?, ordered.

The Lords Nave agreed to

Walt Duties Bnl.

Pwfions, A-c. duties Bill, with an Amendment.

Answer to Addresses.

45 Geo. TIL 6° Fchniaru. 37

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to determined by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the parish of Cherington, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are in the said Parish several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, and if the fame were divided and inclosed, they might be much improved: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mordaunt and Mr. Dugdale do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Burdon reported from the Committee, to whom the ingroued Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing llenrv Julius Winter, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:—And the said Bill was read the third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr Burdondo carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House being informed, that Mr. Hqfe, from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended at the door; he was called in; and at the Bar presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account from the Bank of England of the receipt and expenditure of jC-6,851,201. io.v. iorf. in one year, from 3d February 1804 to 3 ill Jarluary 1805, by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and of the receipt of £. 1,698,926. 13.?. 8 to be applied in the quarter between ill February and ill May 1805.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the quantity of Hops grown in the County of Sussex, from the year 1789 to the end of the year 1804, both inclusive; distinguishing, in hundred-weights, the quantity grown in each year, as the Tax was levied for the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr, Harvey and Mr. Cox: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and five; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and five; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lord George Thyme reported to the House, That their

Addresses of Monday last and yesterday, (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give directions that the Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to Ills Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions accordingly.

Vol. 60.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Lords Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a &c.Duties Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in - a land, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snutf, in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followctli * VIz*

Pr. 3. I.9. After "Land" insert "Tax."

The said Amendment being read a second time;

And it appearing that the fame was only to rectify a mistake in the recital of the title of an Act which passed in the last Session of Parliament, for the like purposes, with the present Bill, the title of which Act was conformable to the Amendment now proposed by the Lords; and it also appearing by a reference to the written Bill, which had been presented to this House, that the words,

"Land Tax" were therein inserted; and that therefore the error had happened by a clerical mistake in the in-grofi’ment of the said Bill;

The said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant Letter of to their Order,—Copy of a Letter of Service to Colonel co^FVench French of the late io2d regiment of Foot, and Captain presented. * Sandon of the Royal Waggon Train, dated 30th April 1804 :—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

The said Paper is inserted in the Appendix to this Appendix, volume. (No. 15.)

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Aflefied reading of the ingrossed Bill for explaining and amending T?*es Cora* an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for mVui"er* consolidating certain of the provisions contained in any passed.

Act or Acts relating to the duties under the management of the Commissioners for the affairs of Taxes, and for amending the same, so far as relates to the power of acting as Commissioners in certain Districts, be now read:—And the fame being read; the said Bill was read the third time. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act, made in the forty-third year of His present Majesty, for consolidating certain of the provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the duties under the management of the Commissioners for the affairs of Taxes, and for amending the same, so far as relates to the pow er of acting as Commissioners in certain Districts.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Exchequer the Bill for raising the sum of three millions by Loans or Bllls Blll‘ Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year 1805, be now read:—And the fame being read; the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. -

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last APt Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for allowing resptcnng " vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery, and FifteryTtobe " clearing out from any Port in Great Britain, to com- considered.

" plete their full number of men at certain ports for the " present season," might be read:—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That that this House will. Tommorrow, resolve

L . itself

38 6°—7° Februariu . 1805.

itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Ait* The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 37th

LoyakyLoan, year His present Majesty, for raising the sum of to be ’ Eighteen millions by way of Annuities, might be read:— considered. And the fame was read.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the 42dyear of His said Majesty, for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills, might be read:—And the fame was read.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stocx created by the said Acts, might be read :—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

The House vvasmoved, That the Order, made yesterday, Consideration for taking into consideration, upon Friday next, the Pa- ®ef,p*^s(r thf pers relative to the difeuflion with in 1803 and Di'Pcu(r.on

1804: And also, The Paper, intituled, "Declaration," with Spain, dated " Downing Street, 24th January 1805," might be de, erre read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Papers be taken into consideration upon Monday next.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 7° die,

Anno 45* Georgii III. U Regis, 1805.

Returns of Recruits enlisted for Artillery, &c. ordered.

Return of Officers under Inspector General of Recruits,

, ordered.

Supply,

deferral.

Ways and ’ Means, deferred.

Indemnity

Bill,

deferred.

Further Papers relative to the

Dilcnffion with Spain, presented*

A ppt'tidixy

(No. 4.)

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the Number of Recruits enlisted and approved for the Royal Regiment of Artillery, the Horse Brigade, the Brigade of Gunners and Drivers, the Companies of Foreign Artillery, and the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, between the 1 ft of January 1804 and the ift of January 1805 :—Also, a like Account from the ift of June last to the ift of January 1805 :—Also, a Return of the Non-commissioned Officers, Privates, and Artificers, belonging to the Royal Regiment of Artillery, Horse Brigade, Brigade of Gunners and Drivers, the Companies of Foreign Artillery, and the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, on the ift of January 1804 and on the ift of January 1805, specifying the total of the said Forces serving in the United Kingdom, Jersey, and Guernsey, and the total serving Abroad, as they respectively flood according to the latest Returns received on the ift of January 1804, and on the ill of January 1805.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the rank and number of the Officers, and the number of the Non-commissioned Officers, attached to the establishment of the Inspector General of Recruits, or employed under his orders; together with the expence of the fame, for the years 1802, 1803, and 1804.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee..

The Order of the day being read, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill to indemnify such persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the times limited for those purposes respectively; and to permit such persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the fame;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Friday next.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer prefrnted to the House, pursuant to their Addrefl'es to His Majesty,—Further Papers relative to the Difeuffion with Spain in 1803 and 1804 ;—together with a List.—And the said lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

The Papers, of which there areTranflations, are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translations, and the other Papers, are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE determined by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ulher of Royal Assent the Black Rod: to BlU*'

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills and one Private Bill therein mentioned j and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, their Royal Highnesses the Duke of York, the Duke of Clarence, the Duke of Kent, the Duke of Cumberland, the Duke of Suffer, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of Glouajlvr, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Earl Spencer, and the Lord Walsingham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for continuing and granting to Ills Majesty certain Duties upon Malt in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco* and Snitff, in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

An Act to remedy certain omissions in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for the relief of certain Insolvent Debtors."

An Act for naturalizing Henry Julius Winter.

Mr. Blackburne of Lancqshire reported from the Com- Heath mittee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for cimmock and executing the Acts thereinafter mentioned, was referred; Poads

That the Committee had examined, and found that the reported. Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was readj and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the third year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening " the Road from a place called Nightingales, in the " Township of Heath Charnock to the Bridge at the " Weft end of the town of Bolton in the Moors in the " County Palatine of Lancaster " and also, an Act * 6 passed

45 Geo. III. 7® Fcbruat39

passed in the 25th year of His present Majesty for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the term and powers of the said Act, were read: And,

Mr. Ralph Boardman, being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Acts in execution, and for that purpose have borrowed considerable sums of money on the credit of the Tolls by the said Acts granted, which still remain due and owing; and that it is expedient that the said Acts should be repealed, and further and other powers and provisions granted instead thereof.—And the Witness being further examined, said, That if the Road leading from a place called Bob's Smithy in the township of Heaton, into the Road leading from Bolton in the Moors to Prejto and from thence into the Road leading from Bolton in the Moors to and

also the other Roads described in the Petition, were made Turnpike Roads, and included in the intended Act, it would be of great' convenience and advantage to the neighbourhood, and of public utility.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from a4place called Nightingales, in the township of Heath Charnock, to the bridge at the Weft end of the town of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of,

and other Roads therein mentioned: And that Mr. Blackburne and Mr. Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Haiiinwwd Mr. Blackburne of Lancajkire reported from the Com-Tdiicrton m'ttee’to w’hom the Petition of several Owners of Estates tT® or Inhabitants in or near the several parishes and places Petition, thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee

reported' had examined and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Henry Barbu) being examined, said. That the making and maintaining of a Turnpike Road from or near a certain public house at Hollinwo within the township of Chadderton in the County of Lancaster, known by the sign of the Buck, through or near to certain places called Shaw Chapel and Milnroio to Featherjlall, within the township of Hundersfield in the said County; and also, the several branches leading from the said Road as described in the Petition, would be a great benefit and advantage to the Inhabitants of the adjacent country, and ' would open a much shorter and better communication than there is at present between the Towns of Oldham, and Todmorden, and the very populous and manufacturing country in and near Middleton, Shaw Chapel

and Butterworth, and the towns and places adjacent thereto, and between various other parts of the country, and would also be of public utility.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Road from Hollinwood, in the township of Chadderton to Featherjlall, in the township of Hundersfield, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making and maintaining several branches of Road to communicate therewith: And that Mr. Blackburne and Mr. Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the fame

horn The House being informed, that Mr. Johnson (from the Sion of* Office of the Chief Secretary for Ireland) attended at •Rtvenuw the Door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented 'S’ to House, pursuant to their Order of the 9th day of July, in the last Session of Parliament,

Copies of Letters to the Boards of Excise and Customs from the Office of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, respecting the better and mdre speedily collecting and paying into the Exchequer the Revenues of Ireland, since ift January 1800: And also,

Copies of all Letters from the Office of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to the Board of Stamps, respecting the better and more speedily col-Vol. 60.

lefting and paying into the Exchequer the Revenues of Ireland, since 1 ft January 1800.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Papers be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed, that Mr. Robinson, from Report and the London Dock Company, attended at the Door, he Accent of was called in; and at the Bar presented to the House, compim^00 pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament, presented.

A Paper, intituled, " Report of the Court of Directors of the London Dock Company, relative to the progrefi of the WorksAnd also.

An Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the London Dock Company, from the ift June 1803 to the 30th November 1804.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Paper and Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Paper and Account are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Praed reported from the Committee, to whom Grand June-the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Grand ^Cana! Junction Canal, was referred; That the Committee had Petition/ * examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the reported. House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts passed in the 33d, 34th, 35th, 36th, 38th, 41ft, and 43d years of His present Majesty, for making and main-taming the said Canal, and certain collateral Cuts, were read: And,

Mr. Richard Cowlijhaw Sale, being examined, said.

That the several Communications from to

London, and a considerable part of the collateral Communications authorized to be made by the said Acts, have been completed, together with the wharfs, ware-houses, and other works therein directed; and that for the better management of the said Canal and Cuts, and promoting the objects thereof, it' is necessary that some Alterations and Amendments should be made in the said '

Acts, and further Powers granted to the said Company of Proprietors.

And the Witness added, That it is expedient that some addition to the present Tolls should be granted.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers of certain Acts, for making and maintaining the Grand Junction Canal: And that Mr. Praed avid the Earl Tempb, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. George Vaufittart reported from the Committee, shillingford to whom the Petition of several Trustees for executing a^0^eaci‘"s two Acts, passed in the 4th and 24th years of His present PeSon Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from reported". Shillingford in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford and Pangborne, to Reading in the County of Berks, and for building a Bridge over the river Thames, at or near Shillingford Feny, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read:—And, Mr. John Hedges, Clerk to the Trustees, being examined, said. That the Trustees appointed by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded in the

execution

40

7° Februcirii.

A. 1805.

Mr. Long prefen ted to the House, pursuant to their Copy of Address to His Majesty:—Copy of Commission for re- Comm"I‘<

execution thereof; and have borrowed several sums of 0 ,

Money on the credit of the Tolls thereby granted; which Address to His Majesty :—Copy of Commission for re-are still owing, and cannot be repaid, nor can the said gulating the Civil Affairs of the Navy, paired the N.val Road and Bridge be efl’eftually amended, improved, and Great Seal the 8th January 1805:—And the Title was kept in good Repair, unless the term of the said Acts be read.

~ ‘ ‘ Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

continued, the Powers and Provisions thereof in some respects amended, altered, and enlarged, and the Tolls increased.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for

on Atts

continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the^House to Committee Powers, of two Acts, passed in the 4th and 24th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from

Shillingford in the County of Oxford, through Walling-

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to rr) , aia confuler of an Act, made in the 37th year of His present Loyalty Loan. Majesty, for raising the sum of Eighteen millions by way

WintertOH,

&c.

Inclosure and

orderei

ford and Pangborne, to Reading in the County of Berks; of Annuities; and also, of an Act, made in the 4 2d year and for building a Bridge over the River Thames at ornear of His said Majesty, for granting Annuities to satisfy cer-~ - - - — tain Exchequer Bills; and also, of an Aid made in the

laftSelfton of Parliament, for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock creat ed by the said Acts, be now read:—And the fame being read; the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That, they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Shillingford Ferry: And that Mr. George Vansittart, Mr. Charles Dundas, and Mr. Galway Mills, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That the Report, which was inn.rn.rc «,u yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Peti-Dninage Bill', tion of several Owners of Estates in the Parishes of

'd. ~ -

terlon, East Somerton, and W Sofnerton, in the County of Norfolk, was referred, might be again read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and draining certain Lands in the Parishes of Winterton, East Somerton, and Weft Somerton, in the County of Norfolk: And that Sir Martin Broione Folkes, Sir Jacob Henry Aftley, and Mr. Coke of Norfolk, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Returns of Recruits entitled for Artillery, See. p relented.

The House was moved, That the Entries in the Journal of the House, of the 6th and 10th days of April 1797; of the Address agreed to by this House to be presented to Mr. Welleftey Pole presented to the House, pursuant to His Majesty, requesting His Majesty to give directions their Orders, to the Governors in the West Indies to recommend mea-

Return of the number of Recruits enlisted and approved sures tending gradually to diminish the neccllity of the for the Royal Regiment of Artillery, the Horse Brigade, Slave Trade; and of His Majesty’s Answer thereto, that the Brigade of Gunners and Drivers, and the Companies He would give directions as desired by the said Address, of Foreign Artillery, between ill January 1804 and ill might be read:—And the fame being read;

January 1805: And also, Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to

Return of the number of Recruits enlisted and approved His Majesty, That He will be gracioufty pleased to give for the Royal Regiment of Artillery, the Horse Brigade, directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the Brigade of Gunners and Drivers, and the Companies such further Correspondence as may have passed between of Foreign Artillery, between ill June 1804 and ill Ja- His Majesty’s Secretaries of Slate and the Governors or nuaryi8o5: And also, other Civil Authorities in His Majesty’s Colonies and

Return of the Non-commissioned Officers, Privates, and Plantations in the West Indies, in pursuance of His gra-

Address resp ing the Slave Tra^c*

cious directions concerning the said Addrefc, in addition to the Papers laid before this House in the last Session of Pari iament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His

Artificers, belonging to the Royal Regiment of Artillery, including Horse Brigade, Brigade of Gunners and Drivers, and the Companies of Foreign Artillery, on the id of January 1804 :• And also.

Return of the Non-commissioned Officers, Privates, and Artificers, belonging to the Royal Regiment of Artillery, Majesty’s most 1 lonourable Privy Council, including Horse Brigade, Brigade of Gunners and Drivers, and the Companies of Foreign Artillery, on the Mr. Alexander, according to Older, reported from the Exchequer 1 ft of January 1805: And also. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Bills Biii,

Return of the number of Recruits enlisted and approved raising the sum of Three millions by Loans or Exchequer reported-for the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year 180s, between ill January 1804 and ill January 1805: And was committed; the Amendments which the Committee also, _ had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him

to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, wfith the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments w ere once read throughout; and then a 1 second time, one by one; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

Return of the number of Recruits enlisted and approved for the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, between ill June 1804 and 1 ft January 1805: And also. Return of the Non-commissioned Officers, Privates, Artificers, and Labourers, belonging to the Corps of Royal Military Artificers, and Labourers on the ill of January 1804; specifying the total of the said Corps serving in the United Kingdom, and and the total serving Abroad: And also.

Return of the Non-commissioned Officers, Privates, Artificers, and Labourers, belonging to the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, on the ill of January 1805; specifying the total of the said Corps serving in the U nited Kingdom, Jersey, and Guernsey, and the total serving Abroad.

Together with an Abstract and Lift of the said Returns: —And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Returns be printed for the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Letter of Service to Colonel French of the late 102ft Regiment of Foot, and Captain Sandon of the Royal Waggon Train, dated

30th April 1S04, be printed House.

for the Members of the

Letter of Service to Col. French, to be printed.

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

The other Order of the day being read; the House Committee resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, Green lalui The said Returns are inserted in the Appendix to intituled, "An Act for allowing vessels employed in the Klflltry* this volume. Greenland Whale Fidiery, and clearing out from any

Port

45 Geo. III.

*8° Februar

41

Port in Great Britain, to complete their full number of Men at certain Ports for the present season.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Report. Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery to complete their full number of Men at certain Ports for the present season.

And Mr. Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Bill, ordered. Ordered, That leave be given to bring in for allowing vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery to complete their full number of Men at certain Ports for the present season: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Rose, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. and Mr.

Bourne, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 8° die Februarii;

Anno 45° Georgii III‘U Regis, 1805. Prayers.

11 M Beaumont presented to the House, according to

Simonbura

Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of v m Simonbum, in the County of Northumberland:And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Kothbury,

&C.

Mr. Beaumont presented to the House, according to iadofurc Bill Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of presented. ’ bury and Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland: And

the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Account of The House being informed, that Mr. Higham, from Commissioners for the Reduction of the National tbtiunai Debt, attended at the door, he was called in; and, at J*bl\ the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

The annual Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the year ending the 31ft January 1805.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table tifpendit, The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to , No. 18.} this volume.

yrthire

toad*

tition.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed by two Acts, passed in the 7th and 14th years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the town of Ayr, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Ayr, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, That great progress has been made in making many of the said Roads, and large sums of money have been borrowed, and are Hill owing, on the credit of the Tolls leviable by the said Acts; but the said Roads cannot be properly repaired, and kept in repair, unless the term and powers of the said Acts are enlarged, and higher Tolls authorized to be levied on the said Roads; and that it would be of advantage to the Public, if certain other Roads in the said County, which are in bad repair, and inconvenient for travellers, should likewise be made and repaired; and that sundry regulations are necessary to be made respecting the application of the Statute Work in the said County; and it is necessary to increase the amount of the conversion thereof, and also the sum to he levied in name of Bridge Money, pursuant to an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in 1669; and it is expedient that the said several Acts, with en-Vol 60.

larged and amended powers and authorities, should be reduced and consolidated into one Act: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Hew Hamilton,

Mr. Macdoioall, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Trustees for putting in execution CrofsfonA the Act herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, 08

and read; setting forth, That an Act was passed in the 36th year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Crofsford Bridge in Stretford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester-, and that the Trustees have borrowed

several considerable sums of money on credit of the tolls, which Hill remain due, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be properly maintained and improved, unless the term of the said Act be continued, and some of the powers and provisions thereof altered and amended, and the Tolls increased: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purpose9 aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Egerton, Mr. &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Peak Peak Forest Forest Canal, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act was passed, in the 34th year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from and out of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton-under-lme and Oldham,

in the County Palatine of Lancaster at the intended aqueduct bridge in Dukinfield, in the County of Chester, to or near to Chapel Milton in the County of Derby, and a communication by railways or stone roads from thence to Loads Knmvl, within Peak Forest, in the County of Derfn/, and a branch from and out of the said intended Canal to Whaley Bridge, in the County of Chester-, and that an Act was passed in the 40th year of His said Majesty’s reign, for granting the Petitioners further and other powers for raising money to carry the said works into execution; and that the Petitioners have raised all the money by the said Acts authorized to be rnifed, and have expended the whole thereof, and also further sums of money in making and maintaining the said Canal, Cut, and Railways, and the works necessary for the use thereof, and for other the purposes of the said Acts; and that the Petitioners, in proceeding to carry the said Acts into execution, have contrafted various debts, which they are not able to pay and discharge, and have found it necessary that they should be enabled more effectually to provide for the discharge of their debts, and to fini/li and complete the said Canal, and the Cut, Railways or Stone-roads, and other works thereof: And therefore praying.

That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Egerton, Mr. Cholmondeley,

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. Burdon presented to the House, according to Middleton order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the manors and town- Inc'ulu" Bill, fjiips of Middleton in Teesdale and , in the parish Prefcuted-

M of

42

8° Februarii.

A. 1805.

of Middleton, in the County of Durham: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Sir Marlin Browne Folkes presented to the House, winterton.

according to Older, a Bill for inclosing and draining: &c.

T .. . o..._® Inclosure an*

Hoi lin wood and Chadderton Roads Bill, presented.

Mr. Blacklmrne of Lancashire presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Road from Hollimvood, in the Township of Chadderlon, to

Featherfall, in the Township of in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making and maintaining several branches of Road to communicate therewith: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

certain Lands in the Pari Hies of Winterton, East. Somer- Drainage bS) ton, and Weft Somer ton, in the County of Norfolk: And predated. * the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Great B rax ted Inclosure Petition.

A Petition of several Persons interested in the "Waste Lands in the Pari ill of Great Braxted, in the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is in the said Parish an extenfi ve tract of Waste Land; and if the fame was divided and inclosed, it would be of considerable advantage to all persons having interest therein: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Western and Mx. Strutt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sale inclosure A Petition of several Persons interested in the Lands Petition. herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and

read; setting forth. That there is in the JWuship of Sale, in the County Palatine of a certain Common called Sale Moor, and other Waste Lands; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to all Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leav e be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Blackhurne of Lanca/hireand Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Melton

Mowbray

Roads

Petition*

A Petition of several Trustees for the care of the First District of Roads, comprized in the Acts herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act was passed in the 4th year of I lis present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Mellon Mowbray, in the County of to the

Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, and from the Town of Leiccferto the Town of Lutterworth

in the said County, and other Roads therein mentioned; whereby the said Roads are divided into two Districts, and separate Trustees appointed for the care of each; the Roads from Melton Mowbray aforesaid, to the said Guide Post, and from that Road, at or near a place in the Lordship of Barkby called the Round Hill, to the Town of Barkby, being the First District; and that an Act was palfed, in the 25th year of His said Majesty, for enlarging the term and powers of the last mentioned Act; and that the Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the First Didrift, and have borrowed several considerable sums of money on the credit of the Tolls, which still remain due, and cannot t»c repaid, and the Roads in the said First District be kept in repair, and properly improved, unless the term of the said Acts with respect thereto is continued; and that it would be more convenient to the Trustees, and beneficial to the said First District of Roads, if the find Acts, so far as the same relate thereto, were repealed, and further and other powers granted instead thereof: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of aCommittee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Legh Keck, Sir Edmund

Cradock Jlartopp,&c.: And they are to meet To-mor-

row Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s

Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Estimate*, Command, presented:

An Estimate of the sum which may be wanted for the Emigrant., relief of the fufiering Clergy and Laity of France, Tou- &c. lonefe, Dutch, and Corf can Emigrants, and American Loyalists, for the year 1805: And also.

An Estimate of the sum which may be wanted to de- Convict*. fray the expence attending the confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts at home, for the year 1805:

And also,

An Estimate of the sum that may be wanted in the American present year to complete the payment of sums awarded Treaty* to be paid by the Brit if 1 Government pursuant to the 7th Article of the Treaty between His Britannic Majesty and the United States of America: And also. An Estimate of the sum that may probably be wauled Law Charges, to defray the expence of Law Charges, for the present year: And also,

An Estimate of the sum that may probably be wanted PuMic Office, to defray the expence of the Public Office, Bow Street, Bow-street. for the present year: And also.

Ah Estimate of the sum that may probably be wanted Printing, &c. to defray the Charge of Printing and Stationary for the uHamen.t two Hoafes of Parliament, for the present year: And also.

An Estimate of the Charge of the works and repairs Military of the Military Roads in North Britain, for the year ■KoaJs* 1S05: And also.

An Estimate of the sum that may probably be wanted Protefhnt' for Protestant Dilfenting Ministers in England and land, and for the relief of the poor French Refugees, for the present year: And also.

An Estimate of the extraordinary expences that may Coin, be incurred for Profeculions, &c. relating to the Coin of this Kingdom in the present year: And also.

An Estimate of the sum that may probably be w anted Minister* of for the Ministers of the VaudoisChurches, for the present churches year: And also,

An Estimate of the sum that may probably be wanted Superintend-for defraying the Charge of the Superintendence of Aliens, according to the provisions of an Act, passed in the 4 3d year of I lis present Majesty, for the present year:

And also,

An Estimate of the sum which may be wanted for Secret His Majesty’s Foreign and other Secret Sendees, for the Services* year 1S05: And also,

Estimate of the probable amount of Bills drawn, and Bills drawn to be drawn, from New South Wales, which may become from New. due in the eourse of the year 1803: And also, &u"lW et*

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Ella- Cape Breton.] blishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in from the ill of January to the 31st of December 1805:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Efta- Bermuda*, blishment of the Bermudas or Somers If a mis, from the lft of January to the 31st of December 1805: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the province of NewBrunfviek, in America, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1805:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Efta- Nova Scotia, blishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, from the ill of January to the 31st of December 1805: And also, ’

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Efta- Dominica, blishment of the Island of Dominica, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1805: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Efta- Prince blishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, now called Prince Edward If and, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1805: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Efta- Nw found* blishment of the Island of Newfoundland, in America> lai3vi-

St

■’yiiJ.

iiio)

L"33,

ia

A.

th

lb

H tss p,

trill ti

NET

k?

r.i: i

0ru

ccct

fa]!

Bin-

tl;

Eiurv

few

Mr

Or anil ft lev time.

tl

Ori

Mood

y Ad

<? felin ft. ft

New

Brunswick.

third

H| An A

t;th;

fan’

Ejf,

Or

CtlgQ

Mhal

Cfcrtjj

feuij

from

Vi

45 Geo. III. 8° Februarii.

43

tipper

Canada.

Bahama

Jilands.

New South Wales.

Appendix,

(No. 19.)

Accounts,

ordered:

Sugar.

from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1805:

And also, 4

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Canada, in America,

from the ift of January to the 3 tft of December 1805: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in America, in addition to the salaries now paid to the public officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1805: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establilliment of Nero Sou/It Wales, from the ift of January

to the 31st of December 1805.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Efti mates do lie upon the

TaWe.

The said Estimates are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the quantity of raw Sugar imported into, and of refined Sugar exported from, Great Britain; distin-guishing Brit ijhPlantation, Foreign Plantation, and

East India, for the year ending 5th January 1805; and of the Duties paid, and Drawbacks and Bounties received thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Rum imported into and exported from Great Britain, with the Duties and Drawbacks thereon, for three years, ending the 5th January 1803, 5th January 1804, and 5th January 1805; distinguishing each year. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Mwufa&urw. Account of the quantity and value of Manufactures and Produce exported to the Brit if Plantations in the West Indies, from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1805.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number and Tonnage of Ships

that have cleared outwards for the British Plantations in the West Indies-, distinguishing and the Out-

ports, between 5th January 1804 and 5th January 1805.

Ordered, That there be laid before f his House, an Account of the number and tonnage of Ships which

from the British Plantations in the West Indies have made entry at the ports of Great Britain, distinguishing London and the Outports, between 5th January 1804 and 5th January 1805.

Bum.

British

tannage.

Mutiny Bill, Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according presented. to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defection;

and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters: Aud the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Derby and An ingrafted Bill to continue and amend an Act, paf-^ *n ^ie 17^ year of His present Majesty, for repairing ptfed.1 * the Road from the town of Derby, through to

HurdbeHouse, in the County of Derby, was read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue and amend an Act, passed in the 17th year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the town of Derby, through AJ/tborne, to House, in the County of

Ordered, That Lord George do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

inland Mr., Ro/e presented to the House, according to Order, H* a Bill for allowing vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery to complete their full number of men at certain ports for the present season: And the fame wras received; and read the first time.

Ref dyed. That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next,

VOL 60.

A Bill for repealing the Duties on Ships and Vessels Quarantin* performing Quarantine in Great Britain-, and for granting commi-.ttd, other Duties in lieu thereof, and making further provisions for the due performance of Quarantine, was, according to.

Order, read a second time.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Befolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrafted Bill for raising the sum of Three ’

millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year 1805, be now read:—And the fame being read; the said Bill was read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for raising the sum of Three millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the 37th year of His present Loy^L^n. Majesty, for raising the sum of Eighteen millions by way of Annuities; and also, of an Act, made in the 42d year of His said Majesty, for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills; and also, of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by the said Acts; the Resolut ions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth;

Bejo'ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons and Bodies politic and corporate, pofi'elTed of any Capital Stock in the Annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, granted by an Act, made in the 37th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising the sum of Eighteen millions by way of "Annuities," and by an Act, made in the 42d year of H is said Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills," who, in pursuance of an Act, made in the lafir Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting additional Annuities to " the Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts, passed in the thirty-seventh and forty-second years of His present Majesty," had signified, on or before the 10th day of October 1804, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, their election to have the fame paid otf in money on the 5th day of April next, and who shall, by themselves, or any agents duly authorized, further signify to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on or before the 1 ith day of March next, their desire to take the benefit of the terms contained in this Resolution, fltail he entitled to receive for every 100 of i'uch Capital Stock, and in lieu thereof, so much Capital Stock, either in the Consolidated Annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, created by an Act, made in the 24th year of His present Majesty, and several subsequent Acts, receiving thereon one half year’s dividend on the 5th day of July 1805, or so much Capital Stock in Reduced Annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, as shall be equal in value to one hundred pounds sterling, together with the further sum of one half per centum on every fC.100 of such Capital Stock in Reduced Annuities, after the rate of three pounds per centum per annum, the interest whereon is to commence from the 5th day of April 1805; or to have any proportion thereof in such Annuities, after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, or of three pounds per centum per annum, respectively, as shall he specified by any such persons or bodies politic or corporate at the time of signifying such desire to take the benefit of the terms of this Resolution.

That the value of such several Annuities shall be computed and taken on the average price of such Annuities * respectively

Trimley, &c. Inclosure Bill, passed.

Debate on

Motion respecting the Jate Sheriff of Middlesex, further adjourned.

Petition of

Messrs. Chalmers and Cowie, respecting Lolles by purchase of Swedish Herrings.

44 8° Februarii. A. 1805.

respectively on the last ten days, previous to the 26th day of this instant February, on which any transfer shall have been made in the said last mentioned Capital Stocks at the Bank of England, after making deduction of the amount of the dividend due or accruing thereon, such average as aforesaid to be settled and declared by the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of England.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That if any persons, bodies politic or corporate, possessed of any such five pounds per centum Annuities, and who shall have signified such election as aforesaid, shall not, on or before the 1 ith day of March next, by themselves or any agents duly authorized, further signify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England their desire to take the benefit of the said Resolution, the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of them, may contrail with any person or persons, bodies politic or corporate, to contribute such sums as shall be necessary to pay the same off on the 5th day of April next, and to give for every one hundred pounds in money, to be paid by such person or persons at the Bank of England, such amount of Capital Stock, either in Annuities after the rate of five pounds per centum per annum, or of three pounds per centum per annum, or any proportion of either of such Annuities, upon the like terms and conditions, and with such benefits as are by the said Resolution given to persons entitled to take the benefit thereof.

The said Resolutions being severally read a secondtime, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Lovaine, Lord Viscount Fitz-Ilarris, Mr. Long, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Sturges Bourne, and Mr. Hujkiffon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motion being made. That the ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the parishes of Trimley Saint Trimley Saint Martin, Kir ton, and Nation, in the County of Suffolk, be now read the third time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the purport of the said Bill, gives His consent, as far as His Majesty’s interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the parishes of Trimley Saint Mary, Trimley Saint Martin, Kirton, and Na&on,

in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Charles Banbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House was moved. That the Order marie upon Tuesdaylaft, for resuming upon Tuesday next the adjourned debate on the Question, That the House do agree with the Scleft Committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Middlesex, in the first Resolution of the said Committee, might be read:—And the fame being read.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said debate be further adjourned till Thursday next.

A Petition of Messrs. Chalmers and Cowie, of London, Merchants, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition, with a Schedule annexed, was brought up, and read; setting forth. That, in December 1800, when the alarm and distress was general throughout England on account of the scarcity and dearness of Provisions, and a Select Committee of the House was constantly employed in devising means for the relief of the Nation, the Petitioners were applied to by that Committee to furnish information as to the nature and extent of the Swedish Herring Fishery, and the assistance to be de-

rived from that Country; and the Petitioners furnished full information in writing, accompanied with a plan for importing Swedish Herrings to a large amount, at reasonable prices, either to supply the Poor in England, or, by providing an adequate supply for the demand of the West India Planters, thereby save the entire produce of the British Fisheries for the sustenance of the lower classes of the Community; and that this plan was received with approbation by the Committee, and sanctioned by the West India Merchants, and various conferences were held by the members of the Committee with the Petitioners, as the best means of carrying it into effect, and the result was, that the Petitioners declared themselves willing to engage in the undertaking, under the fandfion of Parliament, either generally to bring the Herrings to London, and fell them at a reasonable price for the West India Plantations or for home consumption, or to import cargoes for account of Government to such ports in Great Britain as the Committee should point out; and that, in consequence of such offer, the subject was taken into consideration by a Committee of the whole House, and on the 12th December 1800, the following Report was brought up: " Resolved, "That it is expedient that S Herrings should be " permitted to be imported free of dutyand, in pursuance of such Resolution, a Bill was introduced into the House, which passed into a Law on the 31st of the fame month, to permit, for a limited time, the importation from any port in Sweden, in any British or neutral ship, and navigated in any manner whatever, any Herrings caught and cured on any of the coasts of Sweden, without the payment of any duty; and that the Petitioners, thus expressly encouraged and sanctioned by an alteration of the former laws, and prompted by the pleasing prospect of being useful to their Country at that eventful period, without any other prospect of private advantage more than the fair returns of moderate profit on the employment and risk of their capital, set about eHefting the desired object of Government, and actually dispatched a cutter express to Gothenburgh with very large private orders for this then necessary article of food, and invested a capital of about twenty thousand pounds sterling in the first cost of those purchases; and that on the 14th of January 1801, just as the Petitioners received advices that the purchases had been completed, and the lhipments beginning to take place, an Order was issued by His Majesty in Council for seizing and embargoing all Ruffian, Swedish, and Danish {hips, the wisdom and propriety of which proceeding as a public measure is undoubted; but it will presently appear to the House, that, in proportion as this necessary act of State was beneficial to the Nation at large, yet the eflefts resulting from it fell with the most distrelfing and calamitous weight upon the Petitioners as individuals, and that these Herrings, being at the time of the Embargo all purchased and ready to be shipped in Sweden, were there locked up as an unavoidable consequence of that measure, because, the moment the nervs of the seizure of all Swedish ships reached that country, similar measures were naturally adopted them, and no Swedish ship could fail for England, as being liable to seizure by the ships of war of His Majesty; and that the Petitioners were at first led to cherith a hope that no very heavy loss would result from this interruption, and instead of making complaints, and hastily abandoning the goods, and throwing themselves on the liberality of Government, they only solicited Orders in Council to permit the importation of their property in Sioedish vessels, and to guarantee the protection of such vessels from seizure and embargo, which Orders were indeed ultimately granted, and forwarded to Gothenburgh, but the Sioedish Government would not rilk their {hips to depart for England, and, even if it had done fq, the permission obtained from the British Government wrould have become useless, because from these delays and interruptions a disappointment more distrelfing arose—«• The season for sale or export of the Herrings to the West Indies wras rapidly expiring, being at the latest March and April; and that the Petitioners being deprived of the conveyance of English and Sioedish vessels, which but for the Embargo could have been had at moderate freights,

werq

45 Geo. III. 8° Februar. 4$

were necellitated to engage American vefle’s upon exorbitant terms, as the only possible expedient to prevent the article from peri tiling at Golhenburgh, and great part of the purchases being brought to these dif-

couraging circumstances, the residue of the Herrings came forward in July and August in the same year, aft er the Embargo was removed—The apprehensions of famine had then happily subsided, and the Petitioners had the misfortune to fee an immense quantity of provision, im-periously called for by the Country a few months before, coming to market after the season was completely over; exposed also to peculiar peril, from the perishable nature of the article, and with additional charges, that raised the colt of these goods above thirty thousand pounds. Still, however, as the next season of Shipping for the Indies approached, which commences in , the

Petitioners flattered themselves that they should at length be able to dispose of the Fish, although to a Iofs; but in this also they were grievously disappointed; for, while the auspicious event of a general Peace, and the plenty and cheapness of all forts of Provisions, utterly prevented the sale for home confiunption, the fame cause also induced the West India merchants to turn their views to

tite Home Fisheries, which shortly commenced at reduced prices; and that the utmost exertions were, notwithstanding, used to effect sales at almost any price, but the Petitioners and their Agents were unable to dispose of more than two thousand five hundred, out of near twenty thousand barrels originally imported; and, in order to save the rest from utter destruction, no measure was left for the Petitioners but to export them on their own account for sale to the West India Islands. Here a -ain their endeavours for the most part proved fruitless and unsuccessful, although a considerable additional expence was incurred in conveying them thither, as the previous scarcity of the article in the West India Islands in 1799 and 1800 caused an immense supply of Herrings from all parts of the United Kingdom, much beyond the ordinary consumption, in the then ensuing season. Under all these accumulated circumstances of disaster and lols, the Petitioners, after adding all charges to the cost price, and deducting the produce of the sales, find themselves in the distressing situation of being left sufferers, in actual disbursements of money, to the amount of thirty-five thousand pounds sterling, besides being nearly four years deprived of the use of a sum of money, which, in the ordinary course of their mercantile operations, might have produced them a fair or a liberal profit; and that the Petitioners, hoping, in a case of such extreme hard-fiiip. His Majesty’s' Executive Government might be induced to relieve their Losses, prCfented a Memorial to the Lords of His Majesty’s Treasury, who were pleased to refer the same to the Commissioners of Customs, with directions to investigate the Allegations of the Memorial, and report thereon; and the said Commissioners did afterwards report to their Lordships, that such Allegations had been proved to their satisfaction, and transmitted the proofs and vouchers; and the Petitioners beg leave to refer the House to the particulars of their losses, and which they have summarily Hated in a Schedule annexed to their Petition; and that the Petitioners do not urge their application for relief upon the ground of strict justice, but throw themselves upon the liberality of Parliament , in a case of complicated distress, solely arising from a necessary act of State, which they could neither foresee nor guard against; and they beg leave to urge, for the consideration of the House, the following among other grounds, upon which (hey hope it will be thought proper to extend relief to the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners never imported a cargo of Fish in their lives before, and were induced to deviate from the ordinary course of their commercial dealings, and to invclt so large a sum in the instance in question, merely from a consideration of its importance to the Country, and at the pressing request of many Members of the Committee, and under the sanction of the Legislative Enactment; and that the object of the adventure being to furnish an immediate supply of an important article of food, and the success of the measure being peculiarly dependent on season, the Petitioners conceived themselves sufficiently protected by Vol. 60. '

a free importation being secured; and the Iofs which has fallen upon them, arol’e merely from the alteration in political circumstances rendering it necessary, on the part -of His, Majesty’s Executive Government, that the advantage intended by the 41ft of His Majesty, c. 18, should be almost immediately interrupted; and that the Petitioners entered upon the undertaking in question under the most perfect confidence that they should not be subject to any peril arising from political events, against which they could not insure; and then-fore the Petitioners asked for no indemnification, nor did (hey make any stipulation with the Committee to protect them from ultimate Iofs, although it will readily occur to the House that had any such protection been asked, it would have been granted, inafmurh as at 1 he fame period a bounty was given upon the importation of corn equal to the difference between the stipulated price and the market price at the time of arrival, so that the corn importers were not only protected from Iofs, but a certain price, giving a profit, was guaranteed: Persons entitled by a former Act of Parliament.to a bounty upon the exportation of Pilchards were permitted to vend them in this Country at the then high prices, and yet receive the exportation bounty; various advantages and inducements were also held out to persons who should engage in the Firth of Forth Fishery; the Petitioners therefore take leave to infer, from these wife and political measures, adopted by Parliament at the period referred to, that they might also have been guaranteed from Iofs on this importation; and they hope that their not having made such a stipulation will not weaken their claim upon the liberality of Parliament; and that it being a principle universally acted upon by the British Government in pursuing the public advantage still to protect the private interest of individuals, and this principle being extended to the subjects of foreign Princes and States, the Petitioners would hope, that the fame liberal and enlightened attention will embrace their present application; and that the Petitioners have taken every practicable measure to make the most of this unfortunate importation, and have withheld their claim upon Government for relief, while there was a possibility of rendering any part of it in the smallest degree productive; and that the circumstances which have occasioned Iofs to the Petitioners are so peculiar, that they submit any relief afforded by the House cannot be adduced as a precedent for any future claims upon Parliamentary Equity or Munificence: And therefore praying. That the House will be pleased to afford them such rglief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Niqe of the clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Iaft Ireland-* Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue. Habeas " until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next su^enffon " Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the last Session Bill,

" of Parliament, intituled, An Act to empower the crdered*-" Lord Lieutenant, or other chief Governor or Governors " of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as

" he or they shall suspect for conspiring against Mis Majesty’s Person and Government, until Six Weeks " after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliamenl," might be read :—And the fame being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro* posed. That leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing, for a time to be limited the said Act;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the word "That" to the end of the Question, in order to insert these words, " a " Committee of twenty-one Members of this House be " chosen by ballot, who shall examine such Documents " as are laid before them, and report to the House their " Opinion, w hether a renewal of the Act suspending the

N " operation

Supply,

deferred

Ways and Meins, deferred.

Indemnity

Bill,

passed.

Shillingford and Rendinj Road Bi’U presented.

Swallow

Inclosure

Petition,

46 8°—1 r

" operation of the Habeas Corpus Act in Ireland be a " measure called for by the present circumstances of the " Country," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the words proposed to be left out, stand part of the Question j

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas. } 1,2

Tellers for the Noes, jfjfcaffffE' } 33‘

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing, for a time to be limited, the said Act: And that Sir Evan Nepean, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Fojfer, Sir John , Lord Viscount

Cajllereagh, and Mr. Attorney General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the day being read; the ingrossed Bill to indemnify such persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the times limited for those purposes respectively; and to permit such persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attorn ies and Solicitors to make and file the fame, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to indemnify such persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the times limited for those purposes respectively, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and five; and to permit such persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the fame, on or before the first day of Michaelmas term one thousand eight hundred and five.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexaiider do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

-i h = — =-:-■ "...

Limas, 11° die Februarii;

Anno 45® Georgii III1*1 Regis, 1805. Prayers.

MR. George Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the’term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the 4th and 24th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shillingford in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford and Pangborne, to Reading in the County of Berks; and for building a Bridge over the River Thames at or near Shillingford Ferry r And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parish of Shallow, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to

Februarii. A. 1805.

the House, and read; letting forth, That there are in the said Parish several Open and Common Field.-;, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, and, if the fame were divided and inclosed, they might be very much improved: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Nortk, and Mr. Harrison do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to Bolton and to Bury, to raise money to complete the same, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Joseph Thompson W Esquire, and Sarah

his Wife, and their respective issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Halsey, pursuant to the will of Frederick Halsey, Esquire, deceased, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Alderman Combe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Trustees for executing two Acts, passed in the 2d and 24th years of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the Road from Castle Street at the end of the Town of Hinckley to Lutterworth Towns-end, and from or near the Guide Post at Walcot Towns-end, in the County of Lekefer, to the eighty mile stone in Wei ford Field, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Trustees have borrowed several considerable sums on the credit of the Tolls; which still remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads properly maintained and improved, unless the term of the said Acts be continued, and some of the powers and provisions thereof altered and amended: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Legh Keck, Sir Edmund Cra-dock Hartopp, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

The House being informed,- that Mr. George Oxven, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the door; he was called in; and at the Bar presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Copies or Extracts of all Dif-" patches or Correspondence received from India since " the last Session of Parliament, relative to Iloftiiities be-" tween the British Governments and a Mahralia Chief " called Jefwunt Rao llvlkar, and the causes t hereof, as

far as is confident with the Public Service, and the " good faith due to persons from whom secret intelli-" gence may have been received."

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Paper be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Dugdale presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to revive, continue, and enlarge the term and powers of three Acts, passed in the 27th and 29th years of his late Majesty, and in the 2d year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, 5

Manehefter ami Bury Canal Bill, committed.

ITa!/ey%s N line Bit), committed.

Hinckley and Lutterworth.

Roaas

Petition,

Papers

relative to Hostilities with Hoikar, presented.

Hinckley and Coventry Road Bill, presented.

45 Geo. III. 11° Februarii. 47

so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Hinckley to the Town of in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Gate, in

the City of Coventry: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Accounts, Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Rendered: turn of all Collee imported into Great Britain from the

Voffee. British West Indian Colonies, and of the duties payable thereon, and of Coffee from the British West Indian Co* ionics after exported, and. Drawbacks and Receipts thereon, for the three years ending the 5th of January 1803, 1804, and 1805; distinguishing each year.

sugar, Sc. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the quantities of Sugar, Rum, Cotton, Coffee, Cocoa, Indigo, Ginger, and oilier goods imported from the British West Indian Colonies into the several Ports of Great Britain, together with the duties payable on each article, from the 5th of January 1804 to the 5th of January 1805, inclusive.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the quantities of Sugar, Rum, Cotton, Coffee, Cocoa, Indigo, Ginger, and other goods imported from the British West Indian Colonies into the several Ports of Ireland, together with the duties payable on each article, from the 5th of January 1804 to the 5th of January 1805, inclusive.

Sugar. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Sugar imported from the British West Indian Colonies into the several Ports of Ireland, together with the duties payable thereon, and from Ireland exported, together with the amount of Drawbacks and Receipts thereon, for the three years ending the 5th of January 1803, 1804, and 1805, inclusive; distinguishing each year.

Run. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, ah Account of Rum imported from the British West Indian Colonies into the several Ports of Ireland, together with the duties payable thereon, and from Ireland exported, together with the amount of Drawbacks and Receipts thereon, for the three years ending the 5th of January 1803, 1804, and 1805, inclusive j distinguishing each year.

Owds.Sc. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, art Account of all Goods and Produce, with the value and duties paid thereon, exported to the British West Indian Colonies from Ireland, from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1805, inclusive.

&?«• Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Ships, together with their Tonnage, which from the British West Indian Colonies have entered at the Ports of Ireland, distinguishing each Port, and Ships whether British, Irish, or Foreign; and of all Ships that from Ireland have cleared outwards for the British West Indian Colonies, together with their Tor-nage, distinguishing British, and Foreign Ships,

from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1805, inclusive.

Sin Ordered, That the Copy of the Commission for regu-xg'mg0 lating the Civil Affairs of the Navy, passed the Great ,nl Seal the 8th January 1805, be printed for the Members «prated. of 4"e House.

yLauf ^r‘ Hnjkiffbn presented to the House, according to

wed.0111’ Order, a Bill for amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts, passed in the 37th and 42d years of His present Majesty: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time

Tommorrow.

r'h Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second ted. reading of the Bill for allowing vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery to complete their full number of men at certain ports for the present season, be now read:—And the lame being read, the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Vol. 60.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Q^nmtint resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon deferred, the Bill for repealing the Duties on Ships and Vessels performing Quarantine in Great Britain, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof, and making further provisions for the due performance of Quarantine, be now read:—-And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return Return of from the several Sheriffs, Gaolers, and all other persons, confinement keepers of places of Confinement in Ireland, and Com- in Ireland manders of Prison Ships, of the different persons who have "£d'r ^slabe3S been detained in or committed to their custody since the sufyenfioa 23d day of July 1803, under the authority of any Act or a*.

Acts passed in the last and preceding Sessions of Parlia- or ere ment, empowering the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to apprehend and detain such persons as he or they shall suspe&.of conspiring against His Majesty’s Person and Government; specifying, so far as in the warrants of commitment may be expressed, the charges upon which they were respectively committed or detained, and also whether the said warrants were granted upon information given upon oath; specifying also the length of time such persons have been in custody, and how each of them has from time to time been disposed of, and the funds or means by which they have reflectively been maintained during their confinement.

Sir Evan Nepean presented to the House, according tt> Ireland-* Order, a Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, art Habeas Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for conti- sufpTmLn nuing an Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Bill, chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend Prelented' and detain such persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against His Majesty’s Person and Government: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upoil

Wednesday next.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into con- papers sideration the Papers relative to the Discussion with Spain pfec<^’ng the in 1803 and 1804.; and also, the Paper, intituled, whhspain,

" Declaration," dated " Dmvning Street, 24th January considered,

" 1805," which were presented to the House by Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 24th day of January last, by His Majesty’s command;

Ordered, That the said Papers, and also the Papers relative to the said Discussion, which were presented to the House upon the 2d, 4th and 6th days of this instant February, be now taken into consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the fame into consideration :—And the said Papers were read;

And a Motion being made, and the Q ueftion being.pro- Motion for posed. That an humble Address be presented to llis Ma- Addre<* jesty, to acquaint His Majesty, that we have taken into ereuPoa* our most serious consideration the Papers which have been laid before us by His Majesty’s command, relative to the difeuffions which have taken place with the Court of Spain:

That we observe with the greatest satisfaction, that, through the whole of the transactiou. His Majesty has carried his moderation and forbearance to the utmost extent which was confident with a due regard to the honour of His Crown and the interests of His dominions:

That, while we fully concur in the propriety and necessity of those prompt and vigorous measures of precaution which His Majesty found himself compelled to adopt in consequence of the naval armaments fitted out by Spain, we fee at the same time a fresh proof of His Majesty’s

46

8°—11® Februarii. A. 1805.

Supply*,

deferred

Ways and Means, deferred.

Indemnity

Bill,

patted.

Shillingford and Rending Road Bill, p relented.

Swallow

Inclosure

Petition.

* operation of the Habeas Corpus Act in Ireland be a " measure called for by the present circumstances of the " Country," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the words jvro-posed to be left out, Hand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yess, }

*^* *.{ } 33-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for further continuing, for a time to be limited, the said Act: And that Sir Evan Nepean, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Fojfer, Sir John Stewart, Lord Viscount Castlereagh, and Mr. Attorney General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the day being read; the ingrossed Bill to indemnify such persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the times limited for those purposes respectively; and to permit such persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the fame, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be. An Act to indemnify such persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the times limited for those purposes respectively, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and five j and to permit such persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the fame, on or before the first day of Michaelmas term one thousand eight hundred and five.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunas, 11°die Februarii;

Anno 45® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1805. Prayers.

MR. George Vanjittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the 4th and 24th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford and to

Reading in the County of Berksand for building a Bridge over the River Thames at or near Shillingford Ferry: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parish of Sicallm, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth. That there are in the said Parish several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, and, if the fame were divided and inclosed, they might be very much improved: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. North, and Mr. Harrison do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchefte to Bolton and to Bury,

to raise money to complete the same, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Joseph Thornyfon Whateley, Esquire, and Sarah

his Wife, and their respective issue, to take and use the Surname and Anns of Halsey, pursuant to the will of Frederick Halsey, Esquire, deceased, was read a feeoDd time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Alderman Combe, &c.: Aral they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Trustees for executing two Acts, passed in the 2d and 24th years of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the Road from Castle Street at the end of the Town of Hinckley to Lutterworth Towns-end, and from or near the Guide Post at Walcot Towns-end, in the County of to

the eighty mile (tone in Wei ford Field, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trustees have borrowed several considerable sums on the credit of the Tolls; which still remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Road9 properlymaintained and improved, unless the term of the said Acts be continued, and some of the powers and provisions thereof altered and amended: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the livid Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Legh Keck, Sir Edmund Cra-dock Hartopp, &c.: And they are to meet To-morrow-Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

The IToufe being informed,- that Mr. George Owen, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the door; he was called in; and at the Bar presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Copies or Ext rafts of all Dif-" patches or Correspondence received from India since " the last Session of Parliament, relative to Hostilities be-<e tween the British Governments and a Mahratia Chief " called JeJ'wunt Rao Ilolkar, and the causes thereof, as far as is confident with the Public Service, and the good faith due to persons from whom ferret intelli-" gence may have been received."

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read. '

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Paper be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Dugdale presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to revive, continue, and enlarge the term and powers of three Acts, passed in the 27th and 29th years of his late Majesty, and in the 2d year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, 5 so

Manchester and Bury Bill, committed*

ITalfey*

N one Bill, committed.

Hinckley and Lurrerwortii

Roaos

Petition.

Paper*

relative to Hostilities with Hoikar, presented.

Hinckley and-Coventry Ko?d Bill, presented.

45 Geo. III. 11 0 Februa47

chef?

Bury

Bju,

ffiitttd

h*t

»at

and

ortB

so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Hinckley to the Town of Nuneaton, in the County of Wanoick, and from thence to Gate, in

the City of Coventry: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Accounts, Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Reordered; turn of all Coffee imported into Great Britain from the Coffee. British West Indian Colonies, and of the duties payable thereon, and of Coflee from the British West Indian Colonies after exported, and- Drawbacks and Receipts thereon, for the three years ending the 5th of January 1803, 1804, and 1805; distinguishing each year.

Sugar, Sec. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the quantities of Sugar, Rum, Cotton, Coflee, Cocoa, Indigo, Ginger, and other goods imported from the British West Indian Colonies into the several Ports of Great Britain, together with the duties payable on each article, from the 5 th of January 1804 to the 5th of January 1805, inclusive.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the quantities of Sugar, Rum, Cotton, Coflee, Cocoa, Indigo, Ginger, and other goods imported from the British West Indian Colonies into the several Ports of Ireland, together with the duties payable on each article, from the 5th of January 1804 to the 5th of January 1805, inclusive.

Sugar. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Sugar imported from the British West Indian Colonies into the several Ports of Ireland, together with the duties payable thereon, and from Ireland exported, together with the amount of Drawbacks and Receipts thereon, for the three years ending the 5th of January 1803, 1804, and 1805, inclusive; distinguishing each year.

Sum. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an ' Account of Rum imported from the British West Indian Colonies into the several Ports of Ireland, together with the duties payable thereon, and From Ireland exported, together with the amount of Draw backs and Receipts thereon, for the three years ending the 5 th of January 1803, 1804, and 1805, inclusive; distinguishing each year.

Qoodi,&c. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, art Account of all Goods and Produce, with the value and duties paid thereon, exported to the British West Indian Colonies from Ireland, from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1805, inclusive.

Ships. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Ships, together with their Tonnage, which from the British West Indian Colonies have entered at the Ports of Irehmd, distinguishing each Port, and Ships whether British, Irish, or Foreign; and of all Ships that from Ireland have cleared outwards for the British West Indian Colonies, together with their Tonnage, distinguishing British, IrTfh, and Foreign Ships, from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1805, inclusive.

Commissfon Ordered, That the Copy of the Commission for regu-itfptain'g lating the Civil Affairs of the Navy, passed the Great

Nmi Seal the 8th January 180s, be printed for the Members

of the House.

tyahv u»Ls ^r* Hnfdffon Prelented to the House, according to

pt«Wd.0an> Order, a Bill for amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts, passed in the 37th and ^zd years of His present Majesty; And the fame was received; and read the lirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

PiTc^R1 Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second ^nanmed!’ rea^mS the Bill for allowing vessels employed in the Greenland AVhale Fishery to complete their full number of men at certain ports for the present season, be now read:—And the lame being read, the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Vol. 60.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Quarantine resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon defaced, the Bill for repealing the Duties on Ships and Vessels performing Quarantine in Great Britain, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof, and making further provisions for the due performance of Quarantine, be now read:—-And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return Return of from the several Sheriffs, Gaolers, and all other persons, confinement keepers of places of Confinement in Ireland, and Com- in Ireland manders of Prison Ships, of the different persons who have under Habeas been detained in or committed to their custody flnee the sutpenfioa 23d day of July 1803, under the authority of any Art or Act,

Acts passed in the last and preceding Sessions of Parlia- orderet1' ment, empowering the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to apprehend and detain such persons as he or they shall suspect.of conspiring against His Majesty’s Person and Government; specifying, so far as in the warrants of commitment may be expressed, the charges upon which they were respectively committed or detained, and also whether the said warrants were granted upon information given upon oath; speeifying also the length, of time such persons have been in custody, and how each of them has from time to time been disposed of, and the funds or means by which they have respectively been maintained during their confinement.

Sir Evan Nepean presented to the House, according tb inland— Order, a Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, art Habeas Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for conti- siifoTn'Ln nuing an Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other B;"> chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend prelcIltc<1' and detain such persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against His Majesty’s Person and Government: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time uport Wednesday next.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into con- Papers sideration the Papers relative to the Difculflon with Spain th*

in 1803 and 1804.; and also, the Paper, intituled, with Spain, "Declaration," dated " Doivning , 24th January considered,

* 1805," which were presented to the House by Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the 24th day of January last, by His Majesty’s command;

Ordered, That the said Papers, and also the Papers relative to the said Difculflon, which were presented to the House upon the zd, 4th and 6th days of this instant February, be now taken into consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the fame into consideration :—And the said Papers were read;

And a Motion being made, and the Questioubeing.pro- Motion for posed. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to acquaint I lis Majesty, that we have taken into reuPocu our raoft serious consideration the Papers which have been laid before us by His Majesty’s command, relative to the difcuflfions which have taken place with the Court of Spain:

That we observe with the greatest satisfaction, that, through the whole of the transactiou, His Majesty has carried his moderation and forbearance to the utmost extent which was consistent with a due regard to the honour of His Crown and the interests of His dominions:

That, while we fully concur in the propriety and ne-eftfity of those prompt and vigorous measures of precaution which His Majesty found himself compelled to adopt in consequence of the naval armaments fitted out by Spain, we fee at the same time a fifth proof of His Majesty’s

48 11 * Februariu A, 1805.

Majesty’s earnest defu'e to avert if possible, the extremity of war, in the fresh opportunity which He even then offered to the Court of Spain to enter on pacific negociation:

And that, impressed with these sentiments, and fully convinced of the just ice of the war, which the conduct of the Court of Spain (evidently under the influence and controul of France) has rendered unavoidable, we shall not fail to afford His Majesty our most zealous and cordial support in every measure which may be necessary for prosecuting the war with vigour, and bringing it to a lafe and honourable termination;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the first words " His Majesty," to the end of the Question, in order to insert these words: " To return His Majesty the thanks of this House, for the communications made to us relative to the rupture " with Spain:

" To express our entire conviction that the existence of an offensive treaty between France and Spain, would " have entitled His Majesty to consider Spain as a prin-" cipal in the present war, unless the obligations of that " treaty were renounced, or their execution difelaimed; " and to assure His Majesty, that we shall at all times be " ready to support Him, in giving effect so far as the interests of His dominions may require, to this just and undisputed principle:

" That we observe, however, that His Majesty was ad-" vised to waive the exercise of this right, in order to ne-" gociate with Spain, for the maintenance of her neutra-u lity—And that, without taking upon ourselves in the " present moment to decide a question of policy de-" pending so much on circumstances of which we are " still uninfoimed, we acknowledge with gratitude this " proof of His Majesty’s paternal desire to have prevented " the further extension of the calamities of war:

" But that we beg leave humbly to represent to His Majesty, that the execution of these His benevolent

* wnfhes indispensably required from His Ministers, the " adoption of some just, intelligible, and uniform prin-" cfple of negociation, declared in the outset with frank-" ness, and steadily pursued to its conclusion; followed " up by an unremitting attention to every new circum-" fiance arifi ng in the progress of so important a dif-,c cuffion; and accompanied by the most fcnipulous " care that all engagements resulting from it, should on the part of Great Britain, be defined with precision, * and performed with unquestionable good faith, mode-u ration and integrity:

" That wre have on the contrary seen with deep regret * in the whole conduct of this transaction, the clash-"ing efiects of undecided, equivocal, and contradictory *■ policy:

" That the withes for peace professed in the outset by " His Majesty’s Ministers, have uniformly been counter-" acted by their studious endeavours to keep alive both " the cause and the menace of war; a purpose equally * inconsistent with justice and with wisdom, destructive of " all confidence on the part of the Power with whom they " treated, and incompatible with the object for which " they were negociating: That during the whole course " of these difcullions, while they were continually soli-" citing from Spain unreserved communications on points " of mutual interest, their own indecision prevented them " from affording in return, any distinct statement of the terms on which Great Britain would consent to recognize the neutrality of that power: That their ground " of negociation was repeatedly shifted, their demands " varied, and their concetfious undefined; and that al-" though some agreement appears at last to have been " concluded, neither its date, nor its conditions were " ascertained with precision; yet both are repeatedly re-" ferred to, by the British as Avell as the Ministers,

" and the breach of those very conditions is alledged as " the motive on the part of Great Britain, for her actual <£ commencement of hostilities:

" That the omissions and defects which distinguish this " Iran faction as well as the fatal consequences to which " it has Jed, can only be ascribed to the erroneous prin-" ciple on which it was grounded, and to the criminal

"and almost incredible negligence willi which it has " been conducted. That it is particularly our duty to " represent to His Majesty, that in a negociation for " peace or war between Great Britain and carried

" on principally at Madrid, no instructions were sent to " His Majesty’s Minister at that Court, from the 2d‘of "June to the 24th of November in the year 1803; from " thence to the 21st of January in the ful lowing year, nor " again from that date to the 29th of September; that iu " the first of these intervals, being little less than fix " months, the negociation for a treaty of Neutrality be-* " tween France and Spain, was begun, continued, and " concluded, yet not the fmalh fi intimation was in that " long time, ever once given to Mr. Frere, of the light in " which that negociation was considered here, of the " language which it was proper for him to hold, or of ii;e " measures which it might be necessary for him to take, "although frequent communications were made to him " on the subject by the Spanish Government, who appear " to have been disposed to pay great attention in this " instance, to any representations from Great Britain:

" That during the last of the above-mentioned periods, " the fame Minister, though left again lor many months " without any instruction whatever, negocialed and con-" eluded some Agreement with Spain, on this mod important subject, of which Agreement 110 opinion was " ever expressed to him from hence, either before or after " its conclusion, nor does it ev en now appear from any " official documents, whether the fame was meant to be " allowed or disallovved, ratified or rejected, by the " Government:

" That we feel ourselves compelled to express to His Majesty, that in the farther progress of these transactions, the indecision and neglect of His Government "were succeeded by precipitate resolutions and acts of " violence, equally injurious to the honour and interests " of His Kingdom: that we Ihouhl have applauded any " endeavour, by firm but temperate representation, to " extricate our relations with Spain from the confufioir " in which they had been involved, and to bring them to "a distinct issue of acknowledged neutrality or decided " war; but that we find no trace of any such attempt: " and that, in the middle of September, on the first inti-" mation of supposed movements in the Spanish ports, " acts of hostility were decided on by His Majesty’s Government, previous to all complaint, and executed " without notice, during a period of amicable nego-" ciation:

" That the dispositions of Spain appear from the in-" formation of His Majesty’s Mini tier at Madrid, to have " continued up to that moment, friendly to Great Britain—And that the conduct of His Majesty’s Ministers, " in having, under such circumstances, anticipated all " explanation by concealed or del's for an attack on " Spanish Ships, Property, and Subjects, cannot bejufti-" fied on any ground of public law, much less reconciled " to those principles of moderation and liberality which " belong to the British character, and which, in the present situation of Europe, it is peculiarly the duty of this " Country to maintain inviolate:

" That on reviewing those difeufiions which immedi-" ately preceded the j)resent War, we cannot but represent " to H is Majesty the essential difference between the " conduct of the person left in charge of His Majesty’s " affairs at Madrid, and the tenor of the only instructions " under which he appeal's to have acted. That, the ex-" planations given to that Gentleman by the Spanish " Government, though not in all points adequate to the "just expectations of this Country, were yet such as ought " manifestly (according to those instructions) to have de-" termined him to wait at Madrid for the arrival of an "accredited Minister, authorized by His Majesty to " arrange with that Court all points of difierence; and " that we have therefore seen, with equal surprize and " disapprobation, the final decision of His Majesty’s " Ministers, not only to adopt the inconsiderate resolution " taken by the King’s representative, in withdrawing " himself from Madrid, but also to treat with utter dil-" regard the subsequent offer from the Spanish Minister " at this Court, to pursue the fame difcullions here; an

" offer

Debate on an Amendment adjourned.

Mutiny Bill# committed.

Supply,

(kicrrcd.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Crofsford Bridge Road Petition, reported.

45 Geo. Ill*

" offer which, if accepted, might probably have led to a *t satisfactory conclusion on matters upon which the two " Courts were so nearly agreed:

a That, while we have thus thought it our duty to re-" present to His Majesty the errors of His Ministers in «the conduct of this important transaction, and the fatal coufequences which have resulted from them, we beg " leave to repeat our humble assurances, that we are ready to support His Majesty to the utmost in every measure necessary to assert the rights, and vindicate the honour of His Crown, objects which can never be successfully pursued by negligent and undecided councils, nor at-" tained by the violation of engagements on which those with whom we treat, have rested their security."

And the Question being proposed. That the words proposed to be left out, stand part of the Question;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

And ihe House having continued to lit till half an hour after one of the clock on Tuesday morning;

Ordered, That the T)ebate be ^journed till four of the clock this afternoon.

A Bill for pnnishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters, was (according to Order) read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole.

Refohed, That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the clock.

Martis, 12° die

Anno 450 Georgii III. U Regis, 1805. Prayers.

MR. Egerton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in execution the Act thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with; it not being judged necessary to apply to Parliament till the month of October last, at which time a full investigation of the state of the Roads and the funds of the Trust took place, the result of which ascertained to the Trustees that, unless an immediate and effectual repair of the said Roads is made, many parts thereof will be nearly impassable in wet weather with heavy carriages, by reason whereof the inhabitants of the towniliips through which the said Roads pass will be liable to be indicted and put to a very great expence, the trade and commerce of that part of the Country will be greatly interrupted, and the Public incommoded; and that such repairs cannot be effected unless the term and powers of the said Act are enlarged and amended, and it is essentially necessary that an Act for that purpose should if possible be obtained in the present Scifion'of Parliament; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the 36th year of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road leading from Bridge

Vol 60.

49

within Stretford, in the County Palatine of to

Altrincham in the County Palatine of Chester, was read:—

And Mr. George Worthington, being examined, said.

That the Trustees have proceeded to put the said Act into execution, and have borrowed several considerable sums of Money, on credit of the Tolls thereby granted; which still remain due, and eftnnot be paid oftj nor can the said Road be properly maintained and improved, unless the term of the said Act be continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and amended, and the Tolls increased.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Tablei.

Mr. Egerton reported from the Committee, to whom Peak Forest

the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Peak Forefi Canal, was referred; That the Committee had; reported, examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give power for raising any. further or additional Rates, Toils, or Duties, or for varying the line of the Canal; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered k in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the 34th year of the reign of His present Majesty; for making and maintaining the said Canal; and also, an Act passed in the 40th of His present Majesty, for granting further Powers to the Proprietors, were read: And,

Mr. George Worthington being examined, said. That the Company of Proprietors have raised all the Money by the said Acts authorized to be raised; and have expended the w'hole thereof, and also further Sums, in making and maintaining the said Canal, and the works necessary for the use thereof, and for the other purposes of the said.

Acts.—And, being further examined, he said. That the Proprietors have, in proceeding to carry the said Acts into execution, contrafted various Debts, which they are not able to pay and discharge; and have found it necessary that they should be enabled more effectually to proride for the discharge of their Debts, and to finifti and complete the said Canal, and the other necessary works.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Peak Forest Canal more effectually to provide for the discharge of 1 heir Debts, and to complete the said Canal, and the Cut, Railways or Stone Roads, and other works thereof:

And that Mr. Egerton and Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Heiv Dalrymple Hamilton reported from the Com- Ayrshire mittee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed by R?a.ds two Acts, passed in the 7th and 14th years of His present reported! Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the town of Ayr, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Ayr, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read, the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And a Member present informed Your Committee, That great progress has been made in making many of the said Roads, and large sums of Money have been borrowed, and are still owing on the credit of the Tolls leviable by the said Acts; but the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired and kept in repair unless the term, and powers of the said Acts are enlarged, and higher Tolls authorized to be levied on the said Roads:—And the Member further infqrmed Your Committee, That it w'ould be of advantage to the Public, if certain other Roads, described in the Petition, which are in bad repair and inconvenient for travellers, should likewise be made and repaired; and that sundry regulations are necessary

O to

IP—12°

A. 1805.

Surrey Railway Bill, reported..

Siraonbura Inclosure Bill, committed.

Rothbury, &c. Inclosure Bill, committed.

r

Winterton, &c. Inclosure and Drainage Bill, committed.

Norwich

Road

Petition.

50 1£° FebmariL

to be made respecting the application of the Statute A Petition of several Owners of the Open Fields, Hemfoy Work; and it is necessary to encrease the amount of the Commons, and Waste Lands, in the Parish of in

Conversion thereof, and also the sum to be levied in name the County of Norfolk, was p re fen ted to the House, and of Bridge Money, pursuant to an Act of the Parliament read; setting forth. That if the said Lands and Grounds of Scotland made in 1669; and it is expedient that the were divided and inclosed, it would be highly beneficial said several Acts, with enlarged and amended Powers and to the persons interested therein: And therefore praying.

Authorities, should be reduced and consolidated into one That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Act purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for OrdeThat leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-altering, amending, and consolidating several Acts for suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir repairing Turnpike Roads in the County of Ayr, for Martin Brozone Sir Jacob Henry AJlley, and Mr.

repairing other Roads therein, and for making more Coke of Norfolk, do prepare, and bring in, the fame, effectual the Statute Labour in the said County: And that Sir Hew Dalrymple Hamilton, Mr. William Mac- The Order of the day being read, for the House to Coramittewn dowall, and Mr. John Campbell, do prepare, and bring resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon in, the fame. the Bill to indemnify all persons employed in the disposal Bill.

of Coals in the Coal Market in the City of London, who Lord William Rnjfell reported from the Committee, to have incurred penalties under certain provisions of an whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for the Surrey Iron Railway to raise a further sum of money establishing a free Market in the City of Lyndon for the for completing the said Railway and the works thereunto sale of Coals, and for preventing frauds and impositions belonging, was committed; That the Committee had in the vend and delivery of all Coals brought into the examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame Port of London within certain places therein men-to be true; and that the Committee had gone through tioned;

the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 24th day Report they had directed him to report to the House; and he of January last, was made from the Committee, to whom referred, read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the the Petition of several Crimps, Factors, or persons em-Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: ployed in the disposal of Coals, in the Coal Market, in Where the Amendments were once read throughout; the City of London, was referred, be referred to the said and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Committee.

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

House. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be in- Sir John William Andcrfm took the Chair of the grofled. Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the parish of Simonbum, Sir John William Anderson reported from the Com-in the County of Northumberland, was read a second mittee. That they had gone through the Bill, and made time. several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Beaumont, him to report, when the House will please to receive the Mr. Grey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in fame.

the Speaker’s Chamber. Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the parities of Rothbury and E/fdon, in the County of Northumberland, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Beaumont, Mr. Grey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for inclosing and draining certain Lands in the parishes of Winterton, East Somerton, and Wefi Somerton, in the County of Norfolk, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Sir Jacob Henry AJlley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

>. f

A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in execution two Acts, made in the 9th and 1 ath years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Norwich to Scole Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, and of several persons who have advanced money on the credit of the said Acts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trustees have borrowed a considerable sum of money on the credit thereof, but they find the present Tolls are not sufficient effectually to keep and maintain in repair the said Road, and to discharge the money borrowed: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and rowers of the said Acts, and for increasing the Tolls upon the said Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the matter thereof: And report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Martin Brrnone Folkes, Sir Jacob Henry AJlley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee <* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing vessels employed in the Greetdand Whale Fishery to complete their full number of men, at certain ports, for the present Season, be now read:—And the fame being read; the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Quarantine resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon de®^ the Bill for repealing the duties on Ships and Vessels performing Quarantine in Great Britain, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof, and making further provisions for the due performance of Quarantine, be now read:—

And the same being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- A£®unt*» count of all Balances due to the Public, in the hands of ordered:

John Hamilton, Esquire, Receiver General of the Land land Taxi* Tax for Scotland, at the time of his decease. Scot

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy Lord privy of the Royal Warrant granting an additional salary or Seal> pension to Lord Viscount Melville, as Lord Privy Seal of Scotland.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of Lord ship of a Commission to the Honourable Robert Dundas Sauitaers Fife»4te-and others, of the Office of Chamberlain of the Lordship of Fife and Strathem, in the room of John Crawford,

Esquire, resigned.

Ordered,

1

Return of Royal Veteran Battalions, ordered.

Britishi

Museum

Petition

Annual

Grant-

Britishi1 Museum Petition-Additional Building.

Account, tic.

Kfpeflin* the British Muieuia, ordered.

45 Geo. III.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Intromissions of Cranford, Esquire, with the Kents of the Lordship of Fife and Strathem, shewing the Balance due by him to the Public at the time Of his resignation; together with a statement of the manner in which the Balance due by the said John Crawford has been disposed of.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of any Grant or Grants made to the Honourable Robert Dundas Saunders and others, of any part of the Rents that had become due to the Crown of the Lordship of Fife and Strathem.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the effective strength of the Royal Veteran and Garrison Battalions, according to the last Returns.

A Petition of the Trustees of the British ,being

offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, determined by His Majesty-s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth. That, in the 2d year of His present Majesty, the said Trustees represented to Parliament, that the sum allowed them for the establishment and support of the said Museum was reduced to a capital of *£.30,000 Reduced Bank Annuities, the dividend of which, amounting to *£.900, was, notwithstanding their utmost attention to the forming their establishment with frugality, greatly insufficient for that purpose; upon which representation they have at fundiy times obtained from the House various sums to supply the deficiency of their income, which sums, together with the salary allotted to the King’s Librarian, yearly amounting to about *£. 250, have proved insufficient to defray the necessary expences of the said Museum; and what now remains in the hands of the Trustees is not sufficient to carry on the purposes of the trust without the aid of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to grant them such farther support, towards enabling them to carry on the execution of the trust reposed in them by Parliament, for the general benefit of learning and useful knowledge, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Trustees of the British being

offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the contents'of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, in the last Session of Parliament, presented to the House a Petition, submitting to Their consideration the necessity of providing a suitable Building for the reception and preservation of the Egyptian Antiquities, which His Majesty had been graciously plea-fed to place at the British Museum; and that, in consideration of the matters then Hated by the Petitioners, they obtained from the bounty of Parliament a grant of the sum of £. 8,000 for the commencement of such Building, according to the plan and estimate laid before the House, the total of the expence estimated for completing the fame amounting to the sum of £. 16,000; and that, since the end of the last Session of Parliament, the Petitioners have caused the foundations of the said building to be laid, and are at this time proceeding to the execution of the said plan; and that the further sum of *£.8,000, being the residue of the said sum of *£.16,000, will be soon wanting towards carrying on and completing the fame: All which matters they submit to the wisdom and munificence of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the sums of money granted in the last Session of Parliament for the service of the British Museum, and of the expenditure thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Hopfe, an Ac-VOL. 60.

51

count of the number of persons admitted to visit the British Museum within the last six months, and the regulations under which they have been admitted to visit the fame.

The House being informed, that Dr. Gray, from the Account* Trustees of the British Museum, attended at the Door, he the

was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Museum, pursuant to their Order, presented.

The General Account of the British , 1804,

and Estimate of Accounts for 18015; and also.

The British Museum, New Building Account

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to Appendix, this volume. (No. 20.)

A Bill for amending an Act, passed in the last Session Billrtfpefting of Parliament, for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts, passed in the 37th and 4 2d years of His present Majesty, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the day being read;—The House Debate on resumed the adjourned Debate on the Amendment which for

was yesterday proposed to be made to the Motion, for Address on an humble address to be presented to His Majesty, upon taking into consideration the several Papers which have refunwd.pam* been presented to the House relative to the difculfion with Spain.

And the Question being put, That the words proposed to be left out, stand part of the Question j

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeUers for the Noes,j IoR

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put j

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Address Majesty, to acquaint His Majesty, That we have taken resolved ®a* into our most serious consideration the Papers which have been laid before us by His Majesty’s command, relative to the difeuffions which have taken place with the Court of Spain.

That we observe, with the greatest satisfaction, that, through the whole of the transaction. His Majesty has carried His moderation and forbearance to the utmost extent, which was consistent with a due regard to the honour of His Crown, and the interests of His dominions.

That, w’hile we fully concur in the propriety and necessity of those prompt and vigorous measures of precaution which His Majesty found Himself compelled to adopt in consequence of the naval armaments fitted out by Spain, we fee at the same time a fresh proof of His Majesty’s earned; desire to avert, if possible, the extremity of war, in the fresh opportunitywhich He even then offered to the Court of Spain to enter on pacific negociation.

And that, impressed with these sentiments, and fully convinced of the justice of the war, which the conduit of the Court of Spain (evidently under the influence and controul of France) has rendered unavoidable, we shall not fail to afford His Majesty our most zealous and cordial support in every measure which may be necessary for prosecuting the war with vigour, and bringing it to a safe and honourable termination.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up Committee an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution: p‘

And a Committee'was appointed, of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Viscount , the Matter of the Rolls, the Advocate General, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Foster, Mr. Rose, Mr. Canning, Mr. Long, Mr.'

Bankes, M.v.John Smyth, Mr Addington, Sir Nepean,

9 Lord

12° Februarii.

52

12°—-13°

1805.

King’s

Speech,

referred.

Lord Viscount Dunlo, Lord Viscount Harris, Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, the Lord Lover ine, Sir John William Anderjbn, Mr.

Mr. Hvjki/fon, Mr. Alexander, or any five of them; and they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That so much of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament of the 15th day of January last, as relates to the said difeuffion, be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House, having continued to fit till half an hour after Five of the Clock on Wednesday Morning, adjourned till this Morning Eleven of the Clock.

Acc©untfrom Scotland of Exports to Spanish Ports, presented.

Appendix, (No. 9.)

Coal Factorg Indemnity Bill, reported.'

Tenth Report, of Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, presented.

Manchester and Ashton under Lyne Canal Petition, reported.

Mercurii, 13°;

Anno 45' Georgii IIItU Regis, 1S05.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Robert Mit-ford, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all the Exports from Scotland to the Spanish Ports in the years 1803 and 1804, distinguishing each year, and the Exports from each Port; together ■with a duplicate.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Sir John William Anderson, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify all persons employed in the disposal of Coals in the Coal Market in the City of London, who have incurred penalties under certain provisions of an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for establishing a free Market in the City of London for the sale of Coals, and for preventing frauds and impositions in the vend and delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London within certain places therein mentioned, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and, afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where; the Amendments were once read throughout •, and then a second time, one by one; and upon tire Question fe-• verally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

The House being informed, that Air. If dhams, Secretary to the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, attended at the door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

The Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry.—The Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read. Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Report is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Blackburne of Lancqshire reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from to or

near Ashtonrunder-lyne and Oldham, was referred; That

the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give power for raising any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the line of the Canal; and that the Committee had also examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as follow'-eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts passed in the 32d, 33d, 38th, and 40th years of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Canal Navigation, were read. And:—Mr. George Worthington, being examined, said. That the Petitioners have raised a part only of the money by the said Acts authorized to be raised, and it is found that the remainder of such money cannot be raised by the means therein prescribed; and that the Petitioners have contrafted various debts, which they are not now able to pay and discharge; and it is expedient, that further powers should be granted to enable them more effectually to provide for the dise harge of the said debts, and to finish and complete the said Canal and works.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near and

Oldham, more effectually to provide for the discharge of their debts, and to complete the said Canal and the Cuts and works thereto belonging: And that Mr. Blackburne and Mr. Stanley do prepare, and bring, in, the fame.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Road from Hoi- Hollinwood linxvood in the Township of Chadderton, to chaajjfrton

in the Township of Hundersfield, in the County Palatine Roads Bill,

of Lancaster, and for making and maintaining several committed. Branches of Road to communicate therewith, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Blackburne of Lancqshire, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Portsmouth

Gaol

Petition.

A Petition of several Inhabitant Householders of the Borough of Portsmouth in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the present Gaol of the said Borough is inconvenient and insufficient, and not well adapted for the safe custody of the Prisoners generally confined therein, and such infus-ficiency hath been presented by the Grand Jury for the said Borough; and that the Petitioners are desirous of felling the present Gaol, and erecting a new Gaol in a more commodious situation, with proper outlets and avenues thereto: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Erskine, Admiral Markham, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for Land Tax appointing Commissioners for putting into execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and grant- ordered. * ing to His Majesty a duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, and certain duties on Sugar,

Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the ler-vice of the year 1805; and an Act, made in the 38th year of His present Majesty, for granting an aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1798: And that Air. Sturges Bo7trne,'lSliv. HuJki/J'on, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Address fot- Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account Money.5

' of

oome

45 Geo. Ill*

13° Februariu

53

Road«

rnti‘>n,

■ported.

of all sums of Money which have been ifined by His Majesty’s orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s moll honourable Privy Council.

Lord Archibald Hamilton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners of Estates, or Inhabitants, in or near to the several Parishes and Places thereinafter mentioned; was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition:—Sir William Cunningham being examined, said. That the making and maintaining of a Turnpike Road beginning at the limits of the Counties of Edinburgh and Lanark, near Woodnnir, in the County of Edinburgh, and

running westward from the said limits through the County of Lanark, determined by or near the Town of JVilfonfoivn, through the Forth, to Cleghorn Bridge, and onwards to the Burgh

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee on. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Loy^yLoaiu the Bill for amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts, passed in the 37*h and 42d years of His present Majesty, be now read:—

And the same being read; the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Greenland Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale p Fitherv to complete their full number of Men, at certain ports, for the present season, was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read, and, upon

of Lanark, all in the Parishes of Carmoath, Carfiairs, and the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

IttdhiHs, jrc. Roads Potion, Jtported.

Lanark, and County of Lanark aforesaid, as also, a branch or line from the said Road towards in the said Parish of Carfiairs and County of Lanark, will be a great benefit and accommodation to the Owners of Estates and Inhabitants within or near to the said Parishes and Places as well to the Public at large.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the limits of the Counties of Edinburgh and Lanark to the Burgh of Lanark, in the County of Lanark: And that Lord Archibald Hamilton, Mr. Robert Dundas, and Mr. Dickson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Archibald Hamilton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners of Land in that part of the County of Lanark, through which the

Leadhills Turnpike Road pafies, and Trustees of the said Road, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 12th year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading through the* County of Lanark, and for other purposes; and also an Act, passed in the 32ft year of His present Majesty, for continuing and amending the said Aid, was read; And, —a Member present informed Your Committee, That the Trustees nominated by the fair! Acts for the said Leadhills Road, have borrowed several considerable sums of Money on the credit of the Tolls; which cannot be repaid, nor the Road effectually amended and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be further continued, and the powers thereof altered and enlarged, and a power given to continue the line of Road from near

the Eastern extremity of the Road through the Parishes of Linton and Neiclands, both in the County of Peebles, towards Pennicuik, in the County of Edinburgh.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the term and altering the powers of so much of two Acts, made in the 12th and 3 2d years of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from IngUJton Bridge, by B/ggar, to Leadhills, and to the confines of the County of Lanark, and for making and maintaining a uew Road from Dolphington to the confines of the County of Mid Lothian :And that Lord Archibald Hamilton Mr. Robert Dundas, and Mr. Dickson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

VOL 60.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

The House being informed, that Mr. Pianta from the Trustees of the British Museum, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Paper, intituled, " Return to the Order of the " House of Commons of the i2thinstant, requiring an " account of the number of persons admitted to visit " the British Museum within the last six months, and the " regulations under which they have been admitted to " visit the fame."

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the 7'abie.

Ordered, That the said Paper be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Paper is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Return from the British Museum, prefemed#

Appendix, (No. 20.)

Estimates, pre fen red*

Ju^ge A

Court of Exchequer.,

Mr. Refc presented to the House, by His Majesty’s command,

An Eliim tte of the sum that will be wanted to defray the expence of the purchase of a house for the official re- cate General, fide ere of the Judge Advocate General: And also.

An Eft:mate of the sum that will be wanted to defray bills of the Uffer of the Court of Exchequer, for supplying the Court and Officers with Stationary, &c. for the year 1805: And also.

An Estimate of the sum that may probably be wanted Mcfien-ers of for defraying the Extra Charge for Messengers of th 0" Secretaries of three Secretaries of State, for the year 1805: And also, State‘

An Estimate of the sum that may probably be wanted for defraying the Extra Charge for Contingencies of the three Secretaries of State, for the year 1805; And also,

An Estimate of the sum that will be wanted to be paid to Sheriffs for conviction of Felons, and Overpayments, for the year 1805.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table.

The said Estimates are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Contingencies of IX

Conviction of Felons.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties on Ships and Vessels performing Quarantine in Great Brit air., and for granting other duties in lieu thereof, and making further provisions for the due performadee of Quarantine, be now read:— And the same being read; the House resolved itself into the said Committee. '

% Mr.

Appendix,

(No. 21.)

Co.mmitteeon

Quarantine

Bill.

CreWkenw Roads Bill, reported.

Ireland—

Habeas

Corpus

Suspenfioti

Bill,

deferred.

Address reported, and agreed to.

13° Febraa

A. 1805.

Mr. Speaker left the Chais.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments therereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Dickinson reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Crew kerne, in the County of was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading of the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against His Majesty’s Person and Government;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, appointed

yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the fame in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, beg leave to assure Your Majesty, that we have taken into our most serious consideration the Papers which have been laid before us by Your Majesty’s command, relative to the difeuflions which have taken place with the Court of Spain.

We observe, with the greatest satisfaction, that, through the whole of the transaction. Your Majesty has carried Your moderation and forbearance to the utmost extent which was confident with a due regard to the honour of Your Crown and the interests of Your Dominions.

While we fully concur in the propriety and necessity of those prompt and vigorous measures of precaution which Your Majesty found Yourself compelled to adopt in consequence of the naval armaments fitted out by Spain, we fee at the same time a fresh proof of Your Majesty’s earnest desire to avert, if possible, the extremity of war, in the fresh opportunity which Your Majesty even then offered to the Court of Spain to enter on pacific negociation.

Impressed with these sentiments, and fully convinced of the justice of the war, which the conduct of the Court of Spain (evidently under the influence and controul of France) has rendered unavoidable, we shall not fail to afford Your Majesty our most zealous and cordial support in every measure which may be necessary for prosecuting the war with vigour, and bringing it to a safe and honourable termination.

The said Address being read a second time;

Re/ulved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address, to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty’s pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Mer- Petition of

chants trading to Africa, being offered to be presented to C^icaa the House; ompau/.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth. That in consideration of the various increased expences of the establishments in Africa, and the cost of the articles required for the payment of the fame. Parliament was pleased to grant the sum of 18,000 for the support of the said establishments last year, which sum has been inverted for that purpose: And therefore praying the House to take the premises into consideration, and to grant the Petitioners the like sum of 18,000 for the support of the said Establishments.

Ordered, That the said Pet ition do lie upon the Table.

of War.

Miscellaneou*

Services.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Committee of solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- SuPP'y-fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; referred!

Ordered, That the Ordinary Efiirhate of His Majesty’s Ordinary of Navy, for the year 1805, be referred to the said Committee. N*vy.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may Extra Navy, be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s and the Merchant Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the year 1805, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the money that will be Transport wanted for the Transport service, and the maintenance of Serv, ce»ic* Prisoners of War in Health, at home and abroad, from the 1 ft January to the 31ft December 1805, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of what money will proba- sick Prisoners bly be wanted for the Service of Prisoners of War in Sick-ness for each month in the year 1805, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimates of sums wanted for certain Miscellaneous Services, viz. For relief of the suffering Clergy and Laity of France, &c. and American Loyal-ifts—Convicts—Money awarded to be paid under American Treaty—Law Charges—Public Office —

Printing and Stationary for the two Houses of Parliament —Military Roads in North Britain—Protestant Dissenting Ministers, &c.—Prosecutions relating to the Coin—Mi-nifters of Vaudois Churches—Superintendence of Aliens —Foreign and other Secret Services—Bills drawn from New South Wales—and, to defray the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Plantations in America and Nero South Wales—which were presented to the House upon Friday last, by Mr. Rose, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Petitions of the Trustees of the British Museum—and the Accounts which were yesterday presented to the House relating thereto, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

British

Museum*

The House was moved. That the Order made upon Debate on Friday last, for resuming Tommorrow the adjourned Debate r ea°,g

on

,by

45 Giio« III*

13®-—14°

55

ktf \lidvilesex, ’further idjourned*

of on the Question, That the House do agree with the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Middlesex, in the first Resolution of tire said Committee, might be read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till Tuesday next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re* solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-lider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

and

Means,

deterred.

Answer to Addresses.

Jovis, 14°

Anno 45° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1805. Prayers.

LORD George Thynne reported to the House, That their Addreftes of Thursday last and yesterday, (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give directions that the Papers and Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House,) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions accordingly.

The King Lord George Thynnealfo reported to the House, That

Ended. ^'s Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant to the Order of yesterday, (humbly to know His Majesty’s pleasure, when He would he pleased to be attended by this House,) had been pleased to appoint to he attended this day, at half an hour after Three of the clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

KEd ^r* Legh Keck reported from the Committee, to whom Roads the Petition of several Trustees for executing two Acts, Petitnm, passed in the 2d and 24th years of His present Majesty, Kporl for amending, widening, and keeping in repair, the Road from Castle Street, at the end of the town of Hinckley, to Luttenvorth Towns-end, and from or near the Guide

Poll at Walcot Towns-end, in the County of to

the eighty mile stone in Field, in the County of

Northampton, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read:—And Mr. Charles Jervis being examined, said, That the Trustees have borrowed several considerable sums on the credit of the Tolls; which still remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads properly maintained and improved, unless the term of the said Acts be continued, and feme of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and amended:—And, the Witness further said, That there is a great arrear of Interest, and that it will be necessary to increase the d olls.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and amend two Acts, passed in the 2d and 24th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Castle Street, at the end of the town of Hinckley, to Luttenvorth Towns-end, and from the Guide Polt at Walcot Towns-end, in the County of Leicester, to the eighty mile stone in Wel Field, in the County of Northampton: And that Mr. Lcgh Keck, Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, and Mr. Samuel , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

VOL. ft

A Petition of several Trustees for the care of the Road comprized in the Acts herein after mentioned, was p re- petjt^on. fenled to the House, and read; setting forth, That two Acts were passed in the 5th and 26th years of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, the Road from Welford Bridge, in the County of -amptoji, through Husbands Bofworfh and Great to Miljtone Lane in the town of Leicester; and that the Petitioners have borrowed several considerable sums of money on the credit of the Tolls, which still remain due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in repair, and properly improved, unless the term of the said Acts is continued; and that it would be more convenient to the Trustees, and beneficial to the said Road, if the said Acts were repealed, and further and other Powers granted instead thereof: And therefore praying, That leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Legh Keck, Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Trustees for the care of the Second Lekefter and District of Roads comprized in the Acts herein after men- L"^eonil tioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting retitk.ru forth. That an Act was passed in the 4th year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Melton Motohray, in the County of Leicester, to the Guide Post in Saint Margarets Fi-ld, Leicester, and from the town of Leicester to the town of Luttenvorth, in the said County, and other Roads therein mentioned; whereby the said Roads are divided into two Districts, and separate Trustees appointed for the care of each, the Road leading from the town of Leicester to the town of Lutterworth being the Second District; and that an Act was passed ill the 25th year of His said Majesty, for enlarging the term and powers of the first-mentioned Act; and that the Petitioners have borrowed several considerable sums of money on the credit of the Toils authorized to betaken on the said Second District of Roads, which still remain due, and cannot be repaid, and the Roads within the said Second District be kept in repair, and properly improved, ' unless the term of the said Acts, with respect thereto, is continued; and that it will be more convenient to the Tiu'lees, and beneficial to the said Second District of Roads, if the said Acts, so far as the same relate thereto, were repealed, and further and other Powers and Provisions granted instead thereof: And therefore praying.

That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Legh Keck, Sir Edmund.

Cradock Hartopp, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of William Collins, Esquire, on behalf of FrokfWorth himself and other Owners of a certain piece, plot, or pEE allotment of Land or Ground in the Parish of FroL in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, if the fame was divided and inclosed, it might be much improved: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Legh Keck, Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, and Mr.

Samuel Smith, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, this Afternoon, resolve Mutiny Bin; itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill deferrcd’

for

14° Februarii. A. 1805.

Coal Fiftort

Indemnity

Bill,

deferred.

BiJlrespecting

for pumping Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to indemnify all persons employed in the dispolal of Coals in the Coal Market in the City of London, who have incurred penalties under Certain provisions of an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for establishing a free Market in the City of London for the sale of Coals, and for preventing frauds and impositions in the vend and delivery of all Coals brought into the port of London within certain places therein mentioned, be read the third time this Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the deferredk01"* w^ole House, to whom the Bill for amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts, palfed in the 37th and 42d years of His present Majesty, was committed, be received this Afternoon.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for allowing vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery to complete their full number of Men, at certain ports, for the present Season, be read the third time this Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties on Ships and Vessels performing Quarantine in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and making further provisions for the due performance of Quarantine, was committed, be received this Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such persons as he or they thall susped for conspiring against His Majesty’s Person and Government, be read a second time this Afternoon.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be received this Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Four of the clock this Afternoon.

Greenland Fishery Bill, deferred.

Quarantine

Bill,

deferred.

Ireland—

Habeas

Corpus

Suspension

Bill,

deferred.

Report

Supply,

deterred*

Post Meridiem.

A/f R- Speaker reported to the House, That the House AddrefJ* , ®ttended His Majesty, this day, with their Ad-dress j to which His Majesty was pleased to give this |host gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return you my warmest thanks for this dutiful and loyal Address.

Your entire concurrence in those motives by which I have been actuated in my conduct towards the Court of Spain, affords Me the highest satisfaction.

The cordial and zealous assurances of your continued support, will, I trust, enable Me to bring this new contest to & safe and honourable termination.

plete the said Canal, and the Cuts and Works thereto belonging: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Sir Hex0 Daln/mpleHamilton presented to the House, Ayr&lns

according to Order, a Bill for altering, amending, and Rord5^’ consolidating, several Acts for repairing Turnpike Roads r in the County of Ayr, for repairing other Roads therein, and for making more effectual the St atute Labour in the said County: And the fame was received 3 and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Egerton presented to the House, according to Peak Forest

Order, a Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of Canal BjJ1* the Peak Forest Canal more effectually to provide for the prc en discharge of their debts, and to complete the said Canal, and the Cut, Railw ays or Stone Roads, and other Works thereof: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parishes Brimnghaa

of Briningham, Stody, and Brinlon, in the County of

Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting Petition, forth. That there are in the said Parishes divers Whole Year Lands, Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, Heaths, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds; and it wrould be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the fame were divided and allotted: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Martin Broxvne Fofkes, Sir Jacob Henry Ashy, and Mr.

Coke of Norfolk, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order made this dny, for the third coal Fa£h*t reading of the ingrossed Bill to indemnify all persons cm- indemnity ployed in the disposal of Coals in the Coal Market in the City of London, who have incurred penalties under certain provisions of an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for establishing a free Market in the City of London for the sale of Coals, and for preventing frauds and impositions in the vend and delivery'of all Coals brought into the Port of 'London within certain places therein mentioned, he now read :—And the fame being read; the said Bill w.as read the third time.

Ref dyed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to indemnify all Persons employed in the disposal of Coals in the Coal Market in t lie City of London, who have incurred penalties under certain provisions of an Act, made in the forty-third year of His present Majesty, for establishing a free Market in the City of London for the Me of Coals, and for preventing frauds and impositions in the vend and delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain places therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir John William do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Account «f The House being informed, that Mr. from the

Grants?110 Treasury, attended at the door; he was called in; and prelected. at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account flicwing how the Monies given for the service of the year xSo4-have been d;fpofedof; distinguished under their several heads, so far as relates to Great Britain; with a duplicate thereof.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Appendix, The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this (No. 39.) volume.

Manchester Mr. Bla'chburneof Lancashire presented to the House,

under Lyne according to Order, a Bill for enabling the Company of Canal Bill, Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from to

presented. near Ashton-under-lyncand more elleftually

to provide for the discharge of their debts, and to com-

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an Ac- Account of count, shewing the amount of Exchequer Bills issued per Act 44 Geo. III. cap. 81, intituled, "An Act for en- ordered’.

" abling His Majesty to raise the film of Two millions five " hundred thousand Pounds, for the use and purposes " therein mentioned," outstanding and unprovided for.

Mr. Hnjkiffbnpresented to the House, pursuant to presented.

their Order:—The said Account;—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this

volume. (No. 22.)

Ordered, That the seven first, and five last, of the Ac- Account*, counts. Papers, and Books, which were presented to the .&?* House, upon the 21 ft day of January la ft, M r. Johnson,

from the Office of the Chief Secretary for Ireland, be tofe printed, printed for the Members of the House.

3 Ordered

45 Geo. hi.

14° Ft’I

57

Ordered, That the Thirtieth Report of the Commissioners of Account of Ireland, be printed for the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Twenty-ninth Report of the Commissioners of Account in Ireland, which was presented to the House upon the 3d day of February, in the last Session of Parliament, be printed for the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Incorporated Society in Dublin for promoting FnglijhProtestant Schools in Ireland: And

also,

A Petition of the Governors of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin: And also,

A Petition of the Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin: And also,

A Petition of the Governors and Guardians of the Hibernian School for Soldiers Children: And also,

A Petition of the Governors and Governesses of the Female Orphan Floufe, on the Circular Road, Dublin: And also,

A Petition of the Associatron incorporated for discountenancing Vice, and promoting the knowledge and practice of the Christian Religion: And also,

A Petition of several of the Directors of the Lock Hospital in Dublin: And also,

A Petition of the Governors of the House of Industry Dublin: And also, ’

A Petition of U16 Managing Committee of the Fever Hospital and House of Recovery in Cork Street, Dublin: And also,

A Petition of the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital for the relief of poor Lying-in Women in:

And also,

A Petition of the Governors and Guardians of the Hospital founded by Doctor Richard Steevens in Dublin: And also,

A Petition of the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland: And also,

A Petition of the Governors of the House of Industry, Dublin: And also,

A Petition of the Dublin Society for promoting Iluf-bandry and other useful Arts in Ireland And also,

A Petition of the Farming Society of Ireland: And also,

A Petition of the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests in Ireland: And also,

A Petition of the Corporation for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin And also,

A Petition of the Trustees of the Roman Catholic Seminary in Ireland;—being severally oftered to be presented to the House;

And Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty s command, having, as they were severally offered to bepresented, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of their, contents, recommended them to the consideration of the House;

The said Petitions were severally brought up, and read; Praying for such aid towards defraying the annual expence of their federal institntions, or for such other assistance according to the nature of , their rei'pettive cases, as to the House should seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Efti-1S Kiates of the Expence of supporting the Protestant Charter Schools of Ireland ;—the Foundling Hospital in Dublin ;—the Hibernian Marine Society';—the Hibernian School for Soldiers Children the Female Orphan House in Dublin ;—the Association for discountenancing Vice, and promoting the Knowledge and Practice of the Christian Religion, in Ireland ;—the Westmorland Lock Hospital in Dublin;—the House of Industry in Dublin

—the Fever Hospital in Dublin ;—the Lying-in Hospital in Dublin ;—the Hospital founded by Dr. Richard vens in Dublin;—the Penitentiary House in for

young Criminals ;—the Dublin Society for promoting Huthandry and other useful Arts in —the Farm-

\'0L. 60,

ing Society of Ireland-,—the Commissioners of Charitable Donations ;—the Corporation for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin ;—and the Ffiablishment of the Seminary at Maijnooth, for one year, to the 5th day of January 1806 ;—and, for Buildings necessary for the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland.

Mr. Fojlerpresented to the House, by His Majesty’s Estimate

command:—An Estimate of the Expences of the Corporation for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets Dublin, of Dublin, for the forvice of one year, from the qth Ja- presented. nuary 1805 to the 5th January 1806:—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table.

The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to this

volume. (So. 23.)

Report

Supply.

Ordered, That Mr. IIuJl i/Fondo make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Hujkiffbn accordingly reported from (he said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which lie read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the fame were read; and are as felloweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Ordinary ot a sum, not exceeding one million four thousand nine him- Nav> dred and forty pounds six shillings and nine pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including half pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the year 1805.

Resolved, Thatit is the Opinion of this Committee, That Buildings, a sum, not exceeding one million five hundred fifty-three thousand six hundred and ninety pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants yards, and other extra works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the year 1805.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Transports. a sum, not exceeding nine hundred and seventy-five thousand pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the hire of Transports, for the year 1805.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Prisoners of a sum, not exceeding five hundred and twenty-five thou- 'Var‘ fund pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Prisoners of War in Health at home and abroad, for the year 1805.

ResolvedxThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding fifty-seven thousand pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Sick Prisoners of War, for the year 1805.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That American a sum, not exceeding four hundred and fourteen thousand Tceat; pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for completing, in the year 1805, the payment of sums awarded to be paid by the Brili/hGovernment pursuant to the seventh Arti-

cle of the Treaty between His Majesty and the United States of America; and that the said sum be iffited and paid without any fee or other deduction whatsoever.

ResolvedjThik it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Emigrants, a sum, not exceeding one hundred thirty-five thousand &c* ft-veil hundred and twenty-one pounds and twelve (hil-lings, be granted to His Majesty, for the relief of the lul-fering Clergy and Laity of France, Dutch, and

Corf can Emigrants, and American Loyal ills, for the year 1805.

Resolved, That it istheOpinion of this Committee, That. Convi£h. a sum, not exceeding fifty-three thousand seven hundred and nineteen pounds one shilling and eleven ponce, be granted to His Majesty, to defray the expence attending the confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts at home, for the year 1805.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a sum, not exceeding twenty thousand pounds, be grante to His Majesty, for defraying the expence ot Law

Charges, for the year 1805. ' .

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding twelve thousand pounds, be gian

La\? Chargee

Public Office Bow-street*

a

to

Printing, &c. for Houses of Parliament.

Protestant X^fenting Ministers, &c,

Ministers of

Vaudois

Churches,

Bills from New South Wales.

Secret

Services.

Aliens. ]

Coin#

British Mule urn.

Military

Roads.

Upper

Canada.

Nova Scotia.

New

Brtinswick.

Prince Edward’s I hand.

Cape Breton,

58

14° Felruarii.

A. 1805.

to His Majesty, for defraying the expence of the Public Office, in Bow Street, for the year 1805.

Befolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a fnm, not exceeding twenty-nine thousand pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Printing and Stationary for the two Houses of Parliament, for the year 1805.

Befolved, That it is thcOpinionof this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding ten thousand four hundred seventy-six pounds and one /hilling, be granted to His Majesty, foe Protestant Dissenting Ministers, in England and Ireland, and for the relief of the poor French Refugees, for the year 180/5.

Resolved,^'hat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding one thousand eight hundred and twenty-eight pounds five /hillings and four pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ministers of the Vaudois Churches, for the year 1805.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding twenty thousand pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the probable amount of Pills drawn, and to be drawn, from New South Wales, which may become due in the course of the year *80 /5.

Refohed, That it istheOpinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding one hundred and seventy-five thousand pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for His Majesty’s Foreign and other Secret Services, for the year 180/5.

Refohed,rY\v\t it istheOpinion of this Committee, That a sum not exceeding seven thousand six hundred and twenty pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Superintendence of Aliens, according to the provisions of an Act, pasted in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for the year 1805.

Refohed, That it istheOpinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding two thousand pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the oxtr ordinary expences that may be incurred for prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, in Ihe year 1S05.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding three thousand pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards enabling the Trustees of the British M fnm to carry on the execution of the trusts

reposed in them by Parliament.

R-fnlvedflha.t it is the Opinion of thisConimittee, That a sum, not exceeding eight thousand pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards further enabling the Trustees of the British Mnfeitm to canyon the execution of the trusts

reposed in them by Parliament.

Resolved, Th&t it istheOpinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding five thousand pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the works and repairs of the Military Roads in North Britain, for the year 1805.

Refohed, That it istheOpinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding eight thousand three hundred and seventy-nine pounds fix /hillings and three pence halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Cl large of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Upper Canada, in America, from the lit day of January to the 31ft day of December 1805.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding seven thousand one hundred and sixty-five pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establi/liment of the province of A Tova Scotia, in America, from the ill day of January to the 31ft day of December 1805.

Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding four thousand six hundred and fifty pounds be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Eftubliftiment of the province of Artel Brunfa'ick, in America, from the ift day of January to the 31ft day of December 1805.

Refilled, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a fiun, not exceeding three thousand one hundred pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the IHand of Saint John, in America, now called Prince Edwa from the

1 ft day of January to the 31ft day of December 1805.

Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding two thousand and forty poijn els, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Estabii/hnient of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the iftday of January to the 31ft day of December 1805.

Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding two thousand one hundred thirty-six pounds twelve /hillings and ten prince, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establifti-ment of the Island of Newfoundland, in A?nerica, from the 1 ft day of January to the 31ft day of December 1805.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding four thousand four hundred and thirty-eight pounds twelve /hillings and seven pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in America, in addition to the salaries now paid to the public officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from the ill day of January to the 31ft day of December 18orv

Befolved, That it istheOpinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding five hundred and eighty pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas, or Somers I (lands, from the ill day of January to the 31ft day of December 1805.

Refohed, That it istheOpinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding six hundred pound®, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Dominica, from the ift day of January to the 31ft day of December 1805.

Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding nine thousand two hundred and twenty-five pounds twelve /hillings and six pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of New South Wales, from the ill day of January to the 3ill day of December

1805.

The said Rosolutions being severally read a second time, w ere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the I Ioufe.

Newfound-

land.

Bahama

AiUnds.

Bermudas.

Dominica.

New Soutk Wales.

J *?:

Ordered, That Mr. Hufkijfon do make the Report from Bill respeaing is-the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Loyalty Loan, amending an Act-, passed in the last Session of Parliament, reportt *

for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts, passed in the 37th and years of His present Majesty, was committed. I

Mr. HitJki/Jbn accordingly reported from the said Com- ,

mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made;

to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once k,

read throughout; and then a second time, one by one ;:

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the I Ioufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To-

morrow.

Ordered, That the Order made this day, for the second Ireland— reading of the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for conti- Surpeufion niiing an Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other C01^||^cte<L P chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend

and detain such persons as lie or they shall suspect for conspiring against His Majesty’s Person and Govern- j

ment, be now read :—And the fame being read; the said

Bill was read a second time.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed. v

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee f

of the whole House. ‘s,

Befolved, That, this House will, Tommorrow, resolve it-self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. ' J j

The Order made this day, for the House to resolve Mutiny Bill, ! itself into a Committee of the whole I Ioufe, upon the <lrfer«4.

Bill for pumlhing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the 2 better

45 Geo. III.

14°—15°

Februarii,

59

better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, being

1 Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

land The ingrossed Bill for allowing vessels employed in the fiiheryBiil, Greenland Whale Fishery to complete their hill number P»kd. of Men, at certain Port s, for the present Sealon, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for allowing vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery to complete their full number of Men, at certain Ports, for the present Season.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The other Order made this day being read; quarantine Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the •kened whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties on Ships and Vessels performing Quarantine in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and making further provisions for the due performance of Quarantine, was committed, be received Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning,' Ten of the clock.

Veneris, 15° Februarii;

Anno 450 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1805. Prayers.

chenn^M A \R- Mordaunt presented to the House, according to

ritntd8'11’ " . ^rcl,'r’ a 15i" for inclosing Lands in the Manor and

F" ' Pai'ilh of Gltenngton, in the county of : And

the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Hinckley and A Bill to revive, cont inue, and enlarge the term and

rJbIi powors of three Aas> pafIal in lhe 27111 aml 29th years

committed. of his late Majesty, and in the ^d year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Hinckley to the Town of in the County of IV aricick, and from thence to Gate in

the City of Coventry, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mordaunt, Mr. Dugdale, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

suant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edmund CradockIIart opt) and Mr. Lcgh Keck do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees for executing the Act: pena^scand herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, aeft read; setting forth. That an Act was passed in the 31 It Roa.f year of his late Majesty, for amending the Road leading Petition, from Pengate, in the Parish of Westbuin the County of Wilts, to Latchetf s Bridge, near the Ealt end of Market

Lavington, and other Roads therein mentioned; and that an Act was pasted in the 9th year of His present Majesty, to enlarge the term and powers of the said Act, so far as relates to the several Roads comp riling the first District; and that the Petitioners have borrowed considerable sums of money on the credit of the Tolls, which still remain due, and cannot be paid off, nor can the Roads comprized in the said First District be properly amended and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be further continued, the powers and provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased; and that it would be very advantageous to the neighbourhood, and of public utility, if the Petitioners were discharged from the care and management of so much of the Roads mentioned in the said Acts as leads from Rolefboroughto the top of Hill, and from the Turnpike Road, between the direction poll and the two mile stone, on SalPlain, to the top of Bratton Hill; and if, instead thereof, the Road leading from the Town’s-end of Westbury to Balts Water, commonly called the The Lower Road from Westbury to Westbury Leigh, were put under the care and management of the Petitioners, and made a part of the said First District; and that the Road leading from Pengate aforesaid, through a place called Dilton's Mto join the Turnpike Road leading from Warminster, in the said County of Wilts, to Beckington, in the County of on

Standenvick Common, near the house of John is

greatly out of repair, and in many parts narrow and incommodious, and it would he very advantageous to the neighbourhood, and of public utility, if the fame was made a part of the said First District: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Baldwin, Mr. John Smyth,

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

MMtton Notice being taken, that there were several interline-atl0ns erasures in the Bill for inclosing Lands in the and another Manors and Townships of Middleton in and

TOrtd. Egglefon, in the Parish of Middleton in the County of

Durham; which Bill was, upon Friday last, read the first time, and ordered to be read a second time;

Ordered, That the Order for the second reading of the said Bill be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

H Mr. Burdon presented to the House, according to

nte order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Mid-

dleton in Teesdale, in the County of Durham: And the fame was received; and read the full time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

yFortll A Petition of several Lords of Manors and Freeholders £ entitled to right of common in and upon the difaftorelled Forest or Chase of Charnwood, otherwise Charley, in the County of Lecicester, was presented tire House and read; setting forth, That it would be of great benefit and advantage to all persons interested in the said Forest or Chase, if the fame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a. Bill pur-Vol 60.

A Petition of several Trustees for carrying into execu- Swindon <t tion an Act, of the 24th year of His present Majesty, for Road amending and widening ihe Road from the Turnpike Road at or near the Town of Swindon, to the North end or fide of the Town of Marlborough, and from Marlborough to the Village of Everley, in the County of

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That the Trustees have borrowed several sums of money upon the credit of the Tolls, which still remain due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Road effectually amended and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Act be enlarged, and other powers and authorities given for those purposes: And therefore praying. That leave may be ♦riven to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

0 Ordered, that the said Petition he referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Penrudd Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and recoins.

Ordered, That the Reverend C Henry Dr. Hail to Dftor in Divinity, Canon of the Cathedral Church of hrij in Oxford, be desired to preach before this IiQuic

Saint Margaret's [Wt ejhnivfer, upon Wednesday the

,th day of tins inllant February, being the day appointed

60

15° Fzbrua

A. 1805.

Crewkerne

Roads Bill, passed.

by His Majesty’s Royal Proclamation for a General Fall: Kingston in the County of Berks, was presented

And that Air. Wallace and Mr. Dickinson, junior, do ac- to the House, and read; setting forth, That, if the said quaint him therewith. Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, they

might be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That An ingrafted Bill for repairing several Roads leading leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes. to and from the Town of Crewkerne, in the County of Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-Somerset, was read the third time. suant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir

Thomas Metcalfe, Mr. George and

Mr. Charles Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the several Roads, leading to and from, the Town of Crezckerne, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson, junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Petitions from Belfast and

Account of

Extraordi*-naries of the Army, presented.

Appendix

(No. 24.)

Ireland —

Account of

Fensions,

ordered.

Quarantine

Bill,

deferred.

The Lords have agreed to

Exchequer Bills Bill.

Assessed Taxes Commissioners Bill.

Indemnity

Bill.

Derby and Alh borne

Build Bill.

Kirgftm Bruize Ini ioiure Fttition.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their Addrefe to His Majesty:—An Account of the Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th of December 1803 to the 24th of December 1804, both inclusive; with a duplicate thereof:—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Pensions on the Irish Establishment, granted since the 1 ft day of January 1804, so far as the lame can be made out; specifying the date of the fame, and the term of lives or years for which they have been respectively granted.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties on Ships and Vessels performing Quarantine in Great Britain, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof, and making further provisions for the due performance of Quarantine, was committed, be now read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday next. -

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepys and Air. Stanley:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the sum of Three millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one Thousand eight hundred and five; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending an Act, made in the forty-third year of His present Majesty, for consolidating certain of the provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Allairs of Taxes, and for amending the same, so far as relates to the power of acting as Commissioners in certain Districts; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify such persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Olfices and Employments, and for extending the times limited for those purposes respectively, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and live; and to permit such persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and tile adidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the fame on or before the first day of Michaelmas term one thousand eight, hundred and five; without any Amendment: And cllfo

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue and amend an Act, passed in the seventeenth year of l lis present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Derby, through Ato House, in the County of Derby, without any Amendment.

And then the Mellcngers withdrew.

A Petition of several Persons iuterefletl in the Open and Common Arable, Meadow, Pasture, Waite, 'and oilier Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of

A Petition of the Retail Merchants of Belfast: And also,

A Petition of the Wholesale Merchants of the Town Downpatrick, of Belfast: And also, ' resetting

A Petition of the Retail Merchants of Downpatrick; ^'n,fi%tCcnt' Were fevera’lly presented to the House and read; setting forth, That, by the present existing Revenue laws of Ireland various articles of trade are subject, on their importation by a Retailer, to an additional Duty of Jf. 6 percent, upon the Duties; and that the Petitioners conceive the payment of that Duty to be an unreasonable burthen upon file Retailer, a restriction upon trade, and an in- . jury to the revenue of Ireland: And therefore praying the House to abolish the said Duty, or to adopt such regulation with respect thereto, as to them /hail seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Acccrantof Account of the Distribution of the Money granted by an Dlllr^ut1011 Act, passed in the lart Sell ion of Parliament, for enabling £.1,500,000, Flis Majesty to raise the sum of <£. 2,500,000, for the uses or Jered-and purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Biilrefpcaing ing of the ingroired Bill for amending an Act, passed in Lo>’^jlu^oaa* the last Session of Parliament, for granting additional * Annuities to the Proprietors of Slock created by two Acts, passed in the 37th and 42d years of His present Majesty, be notv read:—And the fame being read; the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tille be,

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by two Ac's passed in the thirty-seventh and forty-second t ears of Mis present Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

ers Bill, presented.

Mr. Sturges Bourne presented to the House, according tsmt Tax to Order, a Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting C: mmission-. into execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, and certain duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff’ in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1805; and an Act, made in the 38th year of llis present Majesty, for granting an aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1798: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Mr. Hujkiflim presented to the Floufe, pursuant to their Account of Order:—An Account of the Distribution of the Money DiJbih.ution granted by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, £.2,500,000, for enabling his Majesty to raise the sum of 2,500,000, pretented, for the uses and purposes therein mentioned; inclosing,

(A.) Appropriation to the Army:

(B.) Appropriation to the Navy.

Together with duplicates thereof:—And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

The said Papers are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Appendix,

(No. 25.)

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ireland.__

Account of the produce of the £. 6 cent, duty on Account of

Retail

A

45 Geo. III. 15°—

61

Cent Retail Importers into Ireland for the last ten years: distinguishing the amount paid on Imports frorii Great dacJ. Britain.

count sf feiered t

mbli (fated

•‘■and.

rhft|uef

bills.

rrirnittcc on ,tion lor li for the

bolt' Ion of i Skive raie.

Reported.

Sail ordered.

Irthnd—

tanteeon

iiiaas

Corpus

-t-tniion

ElIL

Ordered, That there be laid before this T Ioufe, an Account of the Net Produce of the Consolidated Fund, for the year ending the 5th of January 1805; dillinguiih-ing the produce of each quarter.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Exchequer Pills outstanding on the 14th February 1805, c harged on any of the Supplies of the vear 1S04; and distinguishing the Arts under which the lame were i lined.

The House was moved, That the Resolution, which, upon the til day of May 179?, Mats teported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of measures to be taken for the Abolition of the Trade carried on by Britisksubjects for the purpose of procuring Slaves from Africa, and was then agreed to by the I louse, might be read :—And the fame was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is follower h •, viz.

" Befotved, That from and after the ill day of January

« 1796, it shall not be lawful to import any African Neff groos into any Briti/hColonics or Plantations."

And a Motion being made. That leave he given to bring in a Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a

time to he limited;

Ordered, That, the said Motion he referred to the con-fid radon of a Committee of the whole House.

Pefok d. That this House will, immediately, resolve its if into a Committee of the whole Floufe, to consider of that Motion.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pankestook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. SocakeB rc fumed the Chair.

Mr. Banket reported from the Committee, That he

was directed determined by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report he now received.

Mr. Banket accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave he given to bring in a Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a time to be limited.

And Mr. Banket moved the House accordingly.

O d'red, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a time to be limited: And that Mr. Banket, Mr. WMr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. For, and Mr. William Smith, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the I louse to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act to empower the I ord Lieutenant, or other chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against His Majesty’s Person and Government, be now read:—And the fame being read; the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they lmd gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

®tt«eof The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-l")> solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-«ts, ^er the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the sum that will be wanted to defray the expence of the purchase of a house Advo. for the official residence of the Judge Advocate General, ■wtrai be referred to the said Committee.

Vol. 60.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the sum that will be Court of wanted to defray bills of the Ullier of the Court of Chequer. Exchequer, for supplying the Court and Officers with Stationary, ike. lor the year 1805, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the sum that may pro- Mongers of by My be wanted for defraying, the Extra Charge for bute/" 0 Messengers of the three Secretaries ol State, for the year 180=9 be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, '1 hat the Estimate of the sum that may pro- Continren-bahly be wauled for defraying the Extra Charge for Con- CIts 01 tingencies of the throe Secretaries o( State, for the year 1805, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the lum that will be Co^‘on of wanted to be paid to Sheritls for conviction of Icions, eons’ and Over-paytiientSj fojfthe year 1805, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing the amount of Ex^’'[^ciucr Exchequer Billsi(sued per Act 44 Geo. III. cap. 81, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the " sum of two millions five hundred thousand pounds, for the use and purposes therein mentioned," outstanding and unprovided for, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expences of the £°rP°^*1"n Corporation for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets dublin. of Du'din, for the service of one year, from the 5th January 1805 to the 5th January 1S06, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed hv the Committee to move, that they may have leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to I lis Majesty.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next. Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to deferred. consider further of Wa vs and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole I louse, upon aeeirt the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion *, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the clock.

Lunas.., 18° die;

Anno .45° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

A BILL for altering, amending, and consolidating, Ayrflwe several Acts for repairing Turnpike Roads in the Roads Bill, County of Ayr, for repairing other Roads therein, and for comramed-making more effectual the Statute Labour in the said County, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Ilezc ry mpleHamilton, Mr. Mac do: oall,& c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Owners of Lands and Grounds Everdiolt in the Manor and Parish of Everfholt, in the County of inciomre Bedford, was presented to the I Ioufe, and read; felting peutlon* forth, That there are in the said Manor and Parish several Common Fields, Pastures, Waste Lands, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds; and, if the fame w ere divi-

R ded

Ross and Cromarty

Reads

Petition.

Peak Forest Cand Bill, committed.

TreHington

inclosure

Petition.

62 18° Februarii. 1805.

ded and inclosed, it tvould be attended with great ad van- Mr. Keck reported from the Committee, to whom Melton tage to the persons interested therein: And therefore the Petition of several Trustees for the care of the First praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for District of Roads, comprized in the Acts thereinafter Petition, those purposes. mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had exam- «?orted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- ined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. St. relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and Andre.vSt. John and Mr. Osborn do prepare, and bring in, that the Committee had examined the matter of the said

the fame. Petition, "and had directed him to report the fame, as it

appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report A Petition of the Proprietors of Land in the Counties in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s of Ross and Cromarty, was presented to the House, and Table: Where the fame was read; and is as follow'eth;

read; setting forth, That an Act was passed in the 43d viz.

year of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act the sum of £.20,000, to be issued and applied towards passed in the 4th year of the reign of His present Majesty, making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Roads Scotland, and for enabling the Proprietors of Land in Scot- " from Melton Matcbray in the County of , to the

land to charge their estates with a proportion of the ex- " Guide Post in Margaret's Field and

pence of making and keeping in repair Roads and Bridges " from the Town of Leicester to the Town of Lutterworth, in the Highlands of Scotland; and that, in order to insure " in the said County, and other Roads therein men-the making and erecting of the Roads and Bridges which tioned;" and also, an Act passed in the 25th year of the have appeared to the Commissioners appointed by the said reign of His said Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Act advisable to make and build in the County of Ross, Powers of the last mentioned Act; were read:—And Mr. and to keep the fame in repair, it will be expedient to Jeffy being examined said, That the Petitioners empower the Commissioners of Supply of the said Coun- have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, so far ties to assess themselves at their respective County meet- as the same relate to the First District of Roads therein ings, and every Proprietor of land in the said Counties, mentioned, and have for that purpose borrowed several for a rateable proportion, according to their respective considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls valued rents, of such sum as may be necessary for those authorized to be taken on the said District of Roads-, purposes, in addition to one half of the estimated expence which still remain due and owner; and the Money so rive thereof, which the Commissioners appointed by the said and owing cannot be repaid and the Roads within ti*e Act are authorized to defray in the manner therein men- said First District be kept in repair and properly improved, tioned; and that certain lands, parts of the parishes of unless the Term of the said Acts, with respoct thereto, is Tarbal, Feam, Tain, Kincardine, Loggie, Kilmuir, Easter continued: And the powers and provisions of those Acts Fodderly, Lochbroom, and Rofemarkie, have been valued, being found in many respects defective, it would be more

and pay land-tax, in the County of Cromarty, although convenient for the Trustees, and beneficial to the said these parishes are all situated locally within, and make First District of Roads, if the said Acts, so far as relate part of, the County of Ross; and that the lands of Ferin-thereto, were repealed, and further and other Powers and tofh, although situated in the Parish of Urquhart, in the Provisions granted instead thereof.

centre of the Shire of Ross, are in the same manner valued, OrdThat Leave be given to bring in a Bill for and pay land-tax, in the Shire of Nairn; and that, as the more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Proprietors of these lands so valued, and indeed the whole Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the property of the Shire of Cromarty, mult derive equal Guide Post in Saint Field Leicester, and

advantage from the Roads proposed to be made, and another Road therein mentioned: And that Mr. Legk Bridges intended to be built, as their neighbours in the Keck and Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp do prepare, and Shire of Ross, they are desirous to contribute a proportion bring in, the fame, towards these ends, by an assessment to be laid on by their own Commissioners of Supply at their own County A Petition of several Proprietors of Land in the County Sutherland meetings: And therefore praying, That Leave may be of Sutherland, was presented to the House, and read; given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid. setting forth, That an Act was passed in the 43d year of e m°"’

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con- His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty the fuleration of a Committee: And that they do examine the sum of <£.20,000, to be iftuod and applied towards mak-matter thereof; and report the fame, as it appear to ing Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scot-them, to the House: land, and for enabling the Proprietors of Land in Scotland

And it is referred to Sir Charles Ross, Mr. Secretary at to charge their estates with a proportion of the expence War, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, of making and keeping in repair Roads and Bridges in at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and the Highlands of Scotland; and that, in order to insure have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records. the mailing and erecting the Roads and Bridges w’such it

shall appear to the Commissioners appointed by the said A Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Act advisable to make and crest in the County of Peak Forefi Canal more effectually to provide for the dif- Sutherland, it is expedient to empower the Commissioners charge of their debts, and to complete the said Canal, of Supply of the said County to assess themselves, and and the Cut, Railways or Stone Roads, and other Works every Proprietor of land in the said county, rateably and thereof, was read a second time. proportionably, according to their respective valued

Refotved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Egerton, rents, in such linns as may be necessary for those pur-

Mr. Cholmondeley,&c.: And they are to meet this poses, in addition to one half of the estimated expence

Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber. thereof, which the said Commissioners are by the said Act

authorized to defray in the manner therein directed;

A Petition of several Owners of Lands in the Parish of and that it is intended that a Road shall be made from a Tredington, in the County of Gloucester, was presented place called in the Parish of Creech, to another to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are, in place called The Ord, in the county of; and the said Parish, certain Open Fields and Meadows, Com- that Bridges should be built upon the said line of Road, monable and intermixed Lands and Grounds; and, if the particularly one bridge across the river at or near

fame were divided and inclosed, it would be of great Portitdeik aforesaid, extending from the said Parish of advantage to the persons interested therein: And there- Creech to the opposite lide of the river, in the Parish of fore praying, That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill Kincardine, in the County of Rojs, and another Bridge for those purposes. across the River Helmsdale, in the parish of Loth, in the

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- County of; and that the said Road and Bridges

suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Admi- should be made and built pursuant to the said Act, and ral Berkeley and Lord Robert Edward Henry Somerset do by means of an assessment in the manner before-inen-p rep are, and bring in, the fatne. tioned; and that tolls and duties should be levied thereon,

6 for

45 Geo. III. 18* Febnarn. 63

for the better keeping the fame in repair; and that a reasonable competition in money, in place of labour, may in many instances be more useful and efiefhial for the purpose of making and repairing the Roads in the County of Sutherland, than the a filial service required by the laws now in force relative to highways: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and. report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the Ilonfe:

And it is referred to Mr. Secretary at War, Sir Charles Ross, &c.: A nd ‘hcv are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands, Common Rights, and other Hereditaments, in the Parish of,

in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; h iring forth, That there are in the said Parish fevera* 0>>< n Fields, Meadows, Common Pastures, Co'm-monalw f.ands, and Waste Grounds; and, if the fame were divided and inclosed, and compensations made for the Tythes arising within the said Parish, it would tend greatly to the advantage of the Proprietors; And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those nurposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Pierrepont and Mr. Eyre do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

imL, Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant

prtfenitd: to their Orders,

haws. Return of the number of Recruits raised for the Army, from the ill January to the 31ft December 1804; And also,

jmVeteran Return of the effective Strength of the Royal Veteran

u"ons' and Garrison Battalions, as per latest Returns:—And the Tides were read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Returns be printed for the Members of the House.

Jpfndit, The said Returns are inserted in the Appendix to P*°- !5-) this volume.

Pmtion of a. Petition of the Excise Incorporation in Scotland, kconmntion was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

»Scotland. That in virtue of Letters Patent from his late Majesty, the Persons employed in the Revenue of Excise in were, by Royal Charter, dated the 14th July 1748, erected and confrituted into a Body Corporate, for the folepurpose of establishing, by annual contributions payable by the persons above-mentioned, a Fund for the support and relief of the widows and orphan children of the Contributors; and that the Petitioners now find that their capital, when the existing arrears are all paid, will amount fully to the sum to which it is limited by the said Letters Patent and Charter; and that, at the first inhibition of the said Fund and Corporation, the total number of persons employed in the Excise in Scotland amounted only to about one half of the number now employed therein, and the limitation of the capital of the fund was» fixed on the supposition that only a number of annuitants corresponding to the number of persons then employed would come upon the Fund; but, as the number of contributors has so much increased, and may hereafter Rill farther increase, in consequence of which a proportional number of annuitants must in time come upon the Fund, the Petitioners find, that, unless they are empowered considerably to enlarge their capital, the revenue of the Fund will be altogether insufficient to answer the demands upon it; and that the annuities respectively provided to be given, as fixed at the com-tnencement of the institution, are too small, and quite inadequate to the present expence of living; they are therefore anxious to enlarge them, and, for that purpose, to collect additional contributions from the persons enjoying the benefit of the fund; and that certain addi-Vol 60.

tional regulations for collecting and managing the Fund will be necessary: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Robert Dim das, Mr. Secretary at War, &c. i And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock* in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Trustees for putting in execution Clackmannan two Afis, patfed in the 34th and 37th years of His pre- Roa£j, sent Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the Counties Petition, of Clackmannan and Perth, and of several Owners of Land in the said Counties, was presented to the House* and read; setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed considerable sums of money on their personal fecu* rity and on the credit of the Tolls; and that it would he a great advantage to the Public, if certain branches of Road were put under the care of the said Trustees; and that the Roads already made cannot be kept in proper repair, the money borrowed repaid, the new Roads made, nor the purposes of the said Afis carried into execution, without granting new, and increasing the former Tolls, and also granting further powers, and otherwise amending the said Afis: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Abercromby, Mr. Brodie, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the c'ock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend Jfor persons, papers, and records.

The House proceeded to take into further consideration. Leave give* that part of the Message from the Ixerds of the 28th day of Members to January last, wherein their Lordships desire, that certain attend a Members of this House may attend the Committee the Lords, referred to in their Lordlliips said Message. e r s"

And that part of the said Message was again read.

And the Honourable Galbraith Cole and Sir

James Steioart, Baronet, being present, they severally flood up in their places, and declared that they were willing, with the leave of the House, to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordlliips in the said Message.

Resolved, That the Honourable Galbraith Cole

and Sir James Stervart, Baronet, have leave to go’ to the Lords, as is desired by their Lordlliips in their laid Mef-sage, if they think fit.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, that this House hath given leave to the Honourable Galbraith Lotvry Cole and Sir James Steu-art.

Baronet, to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordshipsin their Message of the 28th day of January last, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Sir John Steicart do carry the said Message.

Mr. Bur don reported from the Committee, to whom the Haifey’s ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Name Bill,

, Joseph Thompson Whateley, Esquire, and Sarah his wife, re^e<1’and

and their respective issue, to take and use the Surname P* * * and Arms of Halfei/, pursuant to the vill of Frederick Halsey, Esquire, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. B/trdon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition

Elgin and Forres Roads Petition.

Bethnal Green and Shoreditch Roads Bill, reported.

Order for

Treaties, See with iiuiian Powers, discharged, and another Older made.

Account of Conibiidated Fund, prefer* ltd.

G4

18° Februarii.

A. 1805.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates or Inhabitants in or near the several Parities and Places herein after mentioned, in the County of Elgin and Forres, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Itoad leading from the Bridge over the River Spa; at Boat of Bog, near Fochabers, leading by the Royal Burghs of Elgin and Forres, to the confines of the County, towards

Nairn, which paflcs through the Parishes of Spey mouth, Urquhart, Longbride, Saint A Elgin, Spynie,

Alves, Kinlofs, Rafford, Forres, and Dyke, all in the said

County,'is in bad repair, narrow, incommodious, and dangerous to travellers; and the fame cannot be sufficiently amended and kept in repair, unless further powers are given, and regulations made for that purpose; and that the laws now fubfili ing for the making -of Roads and building of Bridges in the said County have been found ineffectual, and further and other powers are necessary; and that it would be of advantage to the said County, to convert the Statute Services into money, and to authorize an additional atl’efiinent, beyond that at present allowed to be impol’ed on the Heritors of Land and other persons in the said County for making highways and bridges through the fame: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it Ls referred to Mr. Brodie, Mr. Thomas Graham, &e.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. Mainwa ring reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of two Acts, passed in the 29th year of his late Majesty, and the 7th year of His present Majesty, for making a Road from the East fide of the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, in the County of Midd, to the East end of Church Street, in the said Parish, and to open a way into Shoreditch, and for keeping the fame in repair, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fe-vernily put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon the ifith day of January last, that there be laid before this I louse, Copies of all Treat ies, Engagements, and Correspondence, between the Governments of Bengal, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, and any of the Surviving Mahometan Princes or Slates in the upper part of India, particularly with the King or Mogul at Delhi, or his Ministers, might be read :—And the lame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be difohanred.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Treaties, Engagements, or Correspondence, between the British Government in India, and the King or

Mogul at Delhi, or with his Ministers, subsequent to the conclusion of the Treaty of so far as the fame may be dilclosed without prejudice to the public ferviec.

The House being informed, that Mr. Bulla;, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door, he was called in; and at the Bar presented to the House, pursuant to their

Order, r

An Account of the Net Produce of the Consolidated Fund, for the year ending the 5th of January 1805, dif-tiimu dung the produce of each quarter; with a duplicate thereof.

And t!e n he withdrew j and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is preservd amongil the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Account of tin: amount of Duties Account received within the ports of the Isle of Man upon Imports and Exports between the 5th January-1798 and the 5th tobep^d. January 1804, which was presented to the House upon the 10th day of April in the last Solium of Parliament, be printed for the Members of the I louse.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the parish of r.iidwoth Blidworfli, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are in '

the said Parish a confulorable forest, commons, wafies, and other commonable lands; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, all the Tythes a riling in the said Parish extin-guillied, the estates of the Petitioners would he rendered of much greater value: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pnr-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Pierrepont and Mr. Eyre do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Dickin/bn, Junior, presented to the House, pur- P.iper*

suant to their Orders,

N° 1. Copy of a Fetter from Sir Home Ponham to the p,iLim> Navy Board, dated Portland Road, 4th December 1800: panted. And also,

N® 2. Copy of the Examination in detail of such people as were selected to be examined before the Surveyor of the Navy, and the Commissioner and other Officers of the Dock Yard at Cha'ham, on or about the 18th May 1803:

And also,

N® 3. Copy of a Letter from Captain Sir Home Popham to Sir Evan Nepean, Baronet, dated the 27th July 1803:

And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from Sir Home Popham to the Navy Board, dated 3d August 1803, with Inclosures:

And also,

N° 5. Copy of a Fetter from Sir Home Popham to William Marfden, Esquire, dated York Place, 6th March 1804: And also,

N°6. Copy of a Fetter from William Mar Men, Esquire,

Secretary to the Admiralty, to Captain Sir Home Popham, dated 9th March 1804: And also,

N® 7. Copy of a Fetter from Sir Home Popham to the Navy Board, dated 1 lth March 1804: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Fetter from the Navy Board to Sir Home Popham, dated 10th April 1804: And also,

• N° 9. Copy of a Fetter from William Marfden, Esquire,

Secretary to the Admiralty, to Captain Sir Home Popham, dated 13th September 1804: And also,

N° 10. Copy of a Fetter from Captain Sir Home Popham to William Marfden, Esquire, dated at New Romney, the 2Qth September 1804, with fix Inclosures: And also,

N° 11. An Account of the Bills draw n from Calcutta, by the Naval Ollicer there, with Sir Pop ham’s fig-

nature: And also,

N° 12. Copy of a Fetter from the Navy Board, inclosing an Account of the Expences of the Romney in the East Indies: And also,

N° 13. An Account of the amount of the Repairs and Stores of His Majesty’s lliips the Heroine, and

Sybille, at Calcutta: And also,

N® 14. Copy of the Bill for the Repairs of His Majesty’s fiiip Romney, classed under the following heads— ill. Materials—2d. Shipwright’s work—3d. Hire of hulks, boats, vessels for transporting Stores, &. c.—4th. Sundries, not included in Carpenter’s Bills in England: And also,

N° i y Copy of a Letter from Sir Home Popham to the Navy Board, dated An!elope, Downs, 16th December 1804: And also,

N® 16. Copy of a Letter from the Navy Board to Sir Home Popham, doted 17th December 1804: And also,

N° 17. Copy of the Report of the Commissioners of Victualling to the Admiralty, on the Expences incurred by the Squadron under Sir Home Popham; inclosing,

An Account of Provisions supplied the Squadron

under

frsrintine

Bill,

tpoitci

Itadins

IBiL,

aitted.

45 Cteo. Ill*

18° T'cbru

65

under the command of Sir at the

Cape of Good Hope arid Bengal,

An Account of all Bills drawn by order of Sir Home Popham, for tervices relating to the victualling of a Squadron of His Majesty’s /hips and vessels under his command, between the iSth December iSoo and the ibth February 1803, /hewing the purposes for which they were drawn, and the accounts and vouchers produced in their support, with remarks which have arisen upon the invelti-gation thereof.

An Account of Bills drawn by the Purlers of His Majesty’s drips Romney, IVII-

helmina, and Vie! or, coni posing the Squadron under the command of Captain Sir Home Popham, for Service relating to the victualling of the respective ships: And also,

N° 18. Copy of a Letter from Captain Sir Home Popham to William Marfden, Ei’quire, dated 28th August

1804; inclosing,

Concise Satement of Fafts, referred to in Sir Home Popham $ Letter of 28th August 1804.

Copy of a Letter from Captain Sir Home Popham to Joseph Pringle, Esquire, His Majesty’s Consul General at Madeira, dated Romney, at Madeira,

18th December 1800.

Observations of Mr. T.R. Spearman, late Agent for victualling the Squadron under Sir Home Popham, on the Report of the Commissioners for Victualling, referred to in Sir Home s Letter of

28th August 1804: And also,

N* iq. Copy of an Account of the Repairs of the Romney in the year 1800: And also,

N° 20. Copy of the Report of the Navy Board, of 20th February 1804, reflecting the repairs of the Romney and Sensible, and the Expenditure and Supply of Stores on board of those ships while under the command of Sir Home Popham; inclosing.

Papers relating to Sir Home s Purchases in

the East Indies.

Vouchers for Stores purchased for the Romney. Accounts, &c. referred to in the Report on the Stores purchased, &c. for the Romney: And also,

N° 2i. Statement of the Account of Mr. Spearman; with an Inclosure: And also,

N' 22. Copy of a Letter from the Governor General in Council to the Court of Directors, dated Fort William, 23d February 1803; with an Inclosure.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers:—And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Papers be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved among ft the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinfim, junior, do make the' Report from the Committee of the whole Flonfe, to whom the Bill for repealing the duties on Ships and Vessels performing Quarantine in Great Britain, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof, and making further provisions for the due performance of Quarantine, was committed.

Mr. Dickinfim accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had din died to be reported to the Ilotife; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Yv here the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

A Bill for continuing Ihe term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 4th and 24th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shilling ford in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford and Pangborne, to Reading in the County of Berks, anil for building a Bridge over the River Vol. 60.

Thames at or near ShillingfordFerry, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mills,

Mr. George Vansittart, 2cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon Mutiny F:U, Friday Iaft, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tommorrow, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defection, and for the belter Payment of the Army and their Quarters, might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Meflhge from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. eLord,

TT o J have agreed to

Harvey:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Trimley, &c. for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Trimley Saint Mary, Inc uiwre 1 Trimley Saint Martin, Kirton, and Nation, in the County of Suffolk; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting into Land Tax execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for con- °c^g1'1|‘on* tinning and granting to His Majesty, a Duty on Pensions, committed. Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1805; and an Act, made in the 38th year of His present Majesty, for granting an aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1798, was, according to Order, read a second time . Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon . Monday the 18th day of March next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires and other Members to Members of this House do prepare lifts fairly written, of the names of Commissioners for executing- the said Acts, missioner* for the respective Counties, Cities, and Places for which Names-there have been used to be Commissioners; and that the Christian and Surnames of the said Commissioners be written at length.

The House was moved, That the Resolutions of the Resolutions House of the 31ft day of May 1786, relative to delivering ;n

in Lists of Commissioners for executing any Land Tax Lifts, read. Act, might be read :—And the fame were read accordingly and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That for the future, every List of Commissioners for executing any Land Tax Act, shall be delivered in signed by the Member delivering in the fame;

" that the said Lift be carefully kept by the Officer to <c whom the same shall be intrusted; and that no person " whatever do presume to make any alteration in l’uch " Li!! without the Order of this House, or of a Committee thereof.

" Resolved, That every Member delivering in such " Lift shall, at the time of the delivery thereof, sign and " deliver a duplicate thereof, which duplicate should be " kept upon a file, open to the inspection of any Mem-" ber of this House."

The House being informed, that the Tenth Report of Leave given the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, which was pre- omiffiolf-3*1 fen ted to the House upon Wednesdaylaft, was not signed rigning j.-h in the manner in which the former Reports of the said ReP0'j Nival Commissioners had been presented, and that the Omif- En<*uiry* ft on happened by mistake, which the said Commissioners were desirous iliould be set right;

Ordered, That leave be given to the said Commissioners to supply the said Omission in the manner of signing the said Report.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Supply.

S to

(5(5

18° Februarii.

A. 1805.

to consider further of the Supply granted t o Ills Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House •, which lie read in his place, and

afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Exchequer Bills.

Contingencies for Secretaries of State.

Messengers of D°.

Court of Exchequer.

Judge Advocate General.

Conviction of Felons.

lame were read; and are as so'doweth; viz.

Resolved fY\rxl it is the Opinionof thisComnnttec, That a sum, not exceeding two million* five hundred thousand pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and difehavging the Exchequer Bills marie out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the him of " two millions five hundred thousand pounds, for the ules and purposes therein mentioned," outltanding and unprovided for.

Refo lied. That it is the Opinionof this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding eleven thousand three hundred and eighty pounds, he granted to His Majesty, for defraying the extra charge for Contingencies of the three Secretaries of State, for the year 1805.

Rejoiced,'Yhnt it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding fifteen thousand pounds, he granted to I lis Majesty, for defraying the extra charge for Messengers of the three Secretaries of State, for the year 180^.

Refo!red, T{v,\t it is the Opinionof this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding one thousand eight hundred thirty-nine pounds four Hulling? and five pence, be granted to His Majesty, to defray Rills of the Ulher of the Court of Exchequer for supphing the court and odicers with Stationary, &c. for the year 1805.

]{</bhrd, T\rdt it is the Opinionof this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding nine thousand six hundred eighty-five pounds and seventeon findings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the expence of the purchase of a house for the official use of the Judge Advocate General.

Resolved, That it is the Opinionof this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding oVven thousand six hundred pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Sheriffs for Conviction of Felons, and Over-payments, for the year of io.r., and 12 s., and f> d., and in Eng!caul and for three years, ending the 5th of April 1804; distinguish-

ing each year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this IToufe, a Statement of the Amount of the Gross Estimates, and of the

Property.

Net AffelTmenls, under the Property Act, for the year

ending the 5th of April 1804.

1

The house being informed, that Mr. Irving, Inspe&or General of Imports and Exports, attended at the door, lie was called in •, and at the Bar prefeutedto the' House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Salt exported from Great Britain to the Continent of Europe and Africa, for three years, ended the f,th of January 1805; distingniffi-ing Rock from White Sait, and also distlnguishing each year; with a duplicate thereof:—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the find Account be referred to the Committee of the whole house, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

j

Account of j, Salt, prefeiited.

IX

(1

Ui'.’T1

(A

u

Mr

Appeniu

(No. 26

Corporation far Paving Dublin.

Ecfiked/Yhat it is the Opinion of lhis Committee, That a sum, not exceeding nine thousand two hundred and thirty pounds fifteen shillings and five pence, British currency, be granted to His Majesty, to he paid to the Corporation for paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Streets of Dublin, from the 5th day of January 1805 to the 5th day of January 180(1; six thousand five hundred pounds thereof to be applied by the said Corporation towards discharging debts due lor Works done, and the remainder to he applied as Parliament shall direct.

The said Resolutions being severally road a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Accounts, ordered;

Salt.

Horses.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an Account of the Net Amount or Net Payment of the Duty on Salt for England and Scotland, for three years, ending the 5th of July 1804; distinguishing each year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Salt exported from Great Britain to the Continent of Europe, for three years, ended the 5th of January 1805; distinguishing Rock Salt from White Salt; and distinguishing each year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the amount of the Duties on Horses kept for the purpose of riding, or of drawing carriages, chargeable wit It Duty; and also the amount of the Duties on Husbandry Horses, and on other 1 lories and Mules, in Great Britain, for the years ending the 5th of April 1803 and 1804; distinguishing each year and duty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this house, an Account of the number of Horses kept for the purpose of riding, or of drawing Carriages, chargeable with Duty in England and Wales, for three years, ending the 5th of ApriliScq; distlnguishing each year.

Ordered, That there he laid before this house, an Account of the number of I Inlbaudry Horses, and other Horses and Mules, chargeable with tiic respective Duties

The house being informed, that Mr. Parker, from the office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, attended at the door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the Duties on Horses kept for the purpose of riding, or of drawing carriages, chargeable with Duty, and also the amount of the Duties on Husbandry Horses, and on other Horses and Mules, in Great Britain, for the years ending 5th April 1803 and 1804; distinguishing each year and duty: And also,

An Account of the Number of Horses kept for the purpose of riding, or of drawing carriages, chargeable with the Duty, in England and Wales, for three years, ending the 5th April 1804, and distinguishing each year: And also.

An Account of the Number of Husbandry Horses, and other Horses and Mules, chargeable with the respective duties of ten shillings, twelve shillings, and sixpence, and sixpence, in England and Wales, for three years, ending the 5th of April 1804; distinguishing each year: And also.

Statement of the Amount of the Gross Estimates, and of the Net Assessments, under the Property Act, for the year ending 5th of April 1804.

Together with duplicates thereof.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Statement be referred to the Committee of the whole house, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The said Accounts and Statement are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Accounts, E l presented fri

1 r.

T;.

Horses, &c t

he

At

Property

flAYZF

THE h

k P

: to E-rvi

Mlou

'-0.1

■‘-Miar

Append*

(No. 2; g;-1"'

v hn

Means,

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the l ioufe to Commit* resolva itfielf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read :—And the lame being read; the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report he received Tommorrow.

Air. Alexander also acquainted the House, that he was

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, refill ve itfielf into a Committee of the whole house, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Air.

‘fcH.

iju:

Ways and ,1

n-Ou,

-'"I;,;

Eh

Tlt!,o

i-j

1 iV

Em

j 'E;

1

Lq

'4>,i;

'El

•- v0.

45 Geo. III. IS1’—19°

Ireland— Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the

Habeas Committee of the whole Mouse, to whom the Bill to cou-

SufpTntion tinue, for a time to be limited, an Atf, made in the last

Bui, Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act to empower

reported. ^ie Lors) lieutenant, or other chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against His Majesty’s Person and Government, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Fable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and upon the quctVum severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the I loul'e.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To -morrow.

Account of Mr. Ilujkiffonpresented to the I lonfe, pursuant to their

Order:—An Account of the Exchequer Bills outstanding . presented. on the 14th February 180 y charged on any of the Supplies of the year 1804; and distinguifliimr the Arts under which the fame were ilined :—And the Title was re.il.

Ordered, That the said Account do he upon thp Table.

Apjitndix, The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to (No. 28.) ' this volume.

The other Order of the day being read;

Mw*-! Rf-tv d, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole 1 Ioufe, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Februariu

bers were drawn, who were excused, as being sixty years of age, or upwards; and other names were let afule, the Members having voted at the election, or their returns not having been brought in fourteen days; and one as being petitioned against

And tl le whole number of forty-nine names being complete, lifts of the said names were delivered to the count'd; and the door being opened, tire counsel and agents withdrew.

A Petition of several Persons interested in the Open Stilton Common Fields, Meadows, Fen Grounds, Commonable lnciomre Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Stilton, in etltlon-the County of Huntingdon, was pre fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, they might he greatly improved: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Amiejtev. Lord Viscount Hinchingbrook, and Lord Frederick Montagu, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates, Lands, and Carlton, Grounds, in the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows,- Common Pastures, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, in the Parishes of Carlton, Cheltivgton, and S>cvcnton, in the County of Bedford, was presented to the Iloul’e, and read; setting forth. That if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed, it would be of great benefit and advantage to the Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

St. Andrew St.John and Mr. Ojiorndo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

XffT. \

Martis, 19° die Februarii;

Anno 450 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1805.

Mr. Blacklvtrneof Lancafhirepresented to the House,

according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the township of Sale, in the parish of in

the County Palatine of Chefle: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Sale

InchfureBUI,

prelsmed.

Middle sex Return-Petition, xoafidered.

A Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the MancBefter Canal Navigation from Manehefterto or near Ashton under

Lyne and Oldham, more effectually to provide for the Canal Bill, discharge of their Debts, and to complete the said Canal, committed. and the Cuts and Works thereto belonging, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. burne of Lancashire, Mr. Stanley, Sc.: And they are to

Prayers.

THE hour appointed for taking into consideration the Petition of several Freeholders of the County of Middlesex, complaining of an undue return of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said County, being come;

The House proceeded to the appointment of a Select Committee to try and determine the merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was font, with the Mace, to the meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber, places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the I louse.

And being returner

The House was counted determined by Mr. Speaker; and one hundred and sixteen Members being present;

The counsel and agents were called in.

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day for taking the said Petition into consideration, was read.

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read, in the ufuul manner.

And the name of Francis Gregor, Esquire, being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the counsel for the filling Member.

And the name of the Honourable St. Andrew St.John

being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the counsel for the Petitioners.

Note. That in the comfe of drawing the names, the name of Admiral Sir Thomas Troubridge,

Baronet, was drawn; who flated, that lie expects every day to be called upon to lioifl his flag, the Lords of the Admiralty having directed him to hold himself in readiness to proceed on fervire; Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; and having verified the fame upon oath, he was setting forth, That there is in the said Pah/h a large titfei excused; and the names of several other Mem- of Open, Common, or Waste Ground, called Vol. 60. Common,

respetfing-£. 6 per-cont. Dutiei.

A Petition of the Retail Merchants of rvas Petition from

presented to the House, anti read; setting forth, That determined by crterain» the present existing Revenue Laws of Ireland, various articles of trade arc ftibjert, on their importation by a retailer, to an additional Duty of 6 per-cent, on the Duties payable by other merchants; and that a law founded on such distinrtions mud be partial and of-preffive: And therefore praying the House to repeal the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in Middleton

Teefdulc, in the County of Durham, was read a second . ‘ - committed,

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bunion,

Sir Ralph Milbanke,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Persons interested in the Commons Fareinm, See. and Waste Grounds within the Manors of Fareham and Cat is field, in the Parish of Fareham, in the County of

I9" Fcbfuarll.

J. 1805.

Common, Catifield Comm, and Heath-, and if the fame were divided and inclosed, considerable benefit would arise from the improvement and cultivation thereof: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; and that Mr. Shaxo Lefevre, Sir William and Mr. Chute, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Account of The House being informed, that Mr. Six, from the prtienteU Cormrtissioners of Excite, attended at the Door; he was called in; and at the Bar presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the quantity of Hops grown in the County of Suffer, from the year 1789 to the end of the year 1804, both inclusive; distinguishing, in hundred weight®, the quantity grown in each year as the tax was levied for the fame; with a duplicate thereof.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

■ dppetiihr. Trie said Account is inferred in the Appendix to this (No. 29.) volume.

Account of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an effcfhve Men 4ccount of the number of erfective men, added to the

rai.ea lor ...

General forces of His Mai eft y, engaged for general service, and

ordered serving in the United Kingdom, between the ill of June

01 e'e ' 1804 and the ill of January 1805; distinguishing Ca-

valry, Infantry, and Artillery; and also distinguishing Volunteers from the limited Service, and those who have been raised by recruiting, as well as the mode of such recruiting; viz.whether part of the four new Battalions recruiting in Ireland, or of the two new Battalions recruiting in Scotland, or of the Levy recruiting by Colonel French, or raised by Officers recruiting for rank, or recruited by the Recruiting Stall’, or by any and what other means.

Account of Ordered, That the Account of the Extraordinary Ex-ordmaries*' Pcnces of ,the Army, incurred and paid by the Right to be primed, honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th of December 1803 to the 24th of December 1804, both inclusive, be printed for the Members of the House.

Address for a Befolved, That an humble Address be presented to His RSo"nT(b°f Majesty, That He will he graciously pleased to give di-Prisoners, &c. rest ions, that there be laid before this House, a return of the number of Spanish prisoners now in this Kingdom, distinguishing those who were detained previous to the declaration of war by the Government on the

12th of December 1804, and 'those who were passiongers, from those who were officers or privates in the Navy or Army :—And a'fq, a Copy of any Order issued respecting the reftitudon of" the private property of any prisoners now in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ireland—

Habeas

Corpus

Suspension

Bill,

passed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the lull Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such persons as he or they shall suspeel for conspiring against His Majesty’s Person and Government, be now read:—And the fame being read; the said Bill was read the third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. T. 16. After " expiring" to infort " and " whereas it is notorious that a trai-" torous conspiracy is now carried " on by several wicked and difaf-" fefted persons resideut in that part " of the United Kingdom called " land, with oilier difallefled persons <( resident in

And the Question being put. That those words be there inserted;

It past’ed in the Negative.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

Ah Afl to continue, until six weeks after the commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such persons as he or they lltall suspect for conspiring against His Majesty’s Person and Government.

Ordered, That Sir Evan Nepean do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred ^ysand to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the "ans‘ Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Befolved, That it is the Opinionof this Committee, That, Raisin(r t towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum by sum of twenty-two millions five hundred thousand pounds Annu:tlf8' be raised by Annuities, whereof the charges of twenty millions are to be defrayed on the part of Great Britain, and of two millions five hundred thousand pounds on the part of Ireland.

Befolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Terms of every Contributor to the said sum of twenty-two millions ra.ilin£the five hundred thousand pounds shall, for every one hundred ame’ pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal sum nfX- 150 in Annuities, after the rate of 3 centum, to commence from the 5th day of January 1S05, and to be added to, and made one joint ftoek with, the X 3 per centum Annuities consolidated by the Acts of the 25th,

28th, 29th, 32d, and 33d years of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent Acts, and to be payable and transf Table at the Bank of Engl an I at the same time and in the same manner, and fub:e.:t to the like redemption, as the said £.$ per-centum Co.ifi liffihed Annuities,:

That every such Contributor if all likewise be entitled to the further principal film of £.iz in Annuities, after the rate of X-3 per-centum, to commence from the icth

day of October i3c4, and to be added to, and made one joint, flock with, certain Annuities, after the rate of £.% per-centum, which were reduced from £.\ to £.3 per-centum by an Act made in the 23d year of the reign of his late Majesty, and to be payable and transferable at the Bank of England at the same time and in the same manner, and subject to the like redemption by Parliament, as the said X-3 per-centum Reduced Annuities:

That the said several Annuities so to be payable as aforesaid shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, or any other Duties or Revenues which shall be appropriated for that purpose by any Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament:

That every Contributor shall, on or before the 2d day of February 1805, make a deposit of X-io per-centum on such sum as he or flie shall chuse to subscribe towards raising the said sum of twenty-two millions five hundred thousand pounds, with the Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as a security for making the future payments on or before the days or times herein after mentioned; that is to say:

£.10 per-centum on or before the 19th day of April 1 1805:

£.10 per-centum on or before the 21ft day of May next:

£. 1 o per-centum on or before the 21ft day of J une next:

X15 per-centum on or before the 15th day of July next:

£. 1 o per-centum on or before the 16th day of August

next:

X15 per-centum on or before the 17th day of October

next:

X.io

45 Geo. III. 19° Februarii.69

jf. i o per-centum on or before the 15 th day of November next:

£ r per-centum on or before the 20th day of December next; and,

jF.z 'per-centum on or before the 17 th day of January 1806:

That every Contributor who shall pay in the whole of his or her contribution money towards the said sum of twenty-two millions five hundred thousand pounds, at unv time on or before the igth day of December 1805, shall be allowed an interest, by way of discount, after the rate of £.5 per-centum per annum on the sums so advanced

for completing his or her contribution respectively, to be computed from the day of completing the same to the 17th day of January 1806:

That all the monies so to be received by the said Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be paid into the receipt of the Exchequer, to be applied, from time to time, to such services for Great Britain and Ireland as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament.

Actional Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That,

Comribution towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there ca Property. charged, on the profits arising from Property, Proses-

fions, Trades, and Offices, an additional Contribution, amounting to One-fourth part of the Rates and Duties now payable thereon.

Duty on Refdved, That itis the Opinion of this Committee, That,

Legiats. towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon the receipt or discharge for every Legacy of the amount of twenty pounds or more, given by any will or testamentary instrument for the benefit of any child, or defeendant. of any child, and charged upon or given out of any real or personal estate, or monies arising from the sale of real estate, and upon every part of the clear residue of personal eliate of any person dying testate or intellate, and upon every part of the clear residue of any monies arising by the sale of real estate of any person devised by any will, directing such real estate to be sold; provided such person shall leave any personal estate, or real estate or estates, so directed to be sold, of the clear value of £.100 or upwards, in the whole, after deducting debts, funeral expences, and other charges and legacies (if any) a Duty, at the rate of twenty shillings for every one hundred pounds of the value of any such Legacy or Residue.

Resolved, Thtit it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there

, be charged upon the receipt or discharge for every Le-

gacy of the amount or value of twenty pounds, or more, by any will or testamentary instrument, charged upon or given out of any real estate, or monies arising from the sale of any real estate directed to be sold, of the clear value of £. 100, or upwards, and upon every part of the clear residue of such monies, after deducting debts, funeral expences, and other charges and legacies (if any) such and the like Duties of two pounds and ten shillings, four pounds, and five pounds respectively, as are now chargeable upon Legacies arising out of personal estate.

Re//'/m/, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged upon the receipt'or discharge for every Legacy of the amount or value of twenty pounds or more, by any will or testamentary instrument, charged upon, or given out of, any real estate, or monies arising from the sale of every such estate directed to be sold, of the clear value of £. 100 or upwards, and upon every part of the clear residue of such monies, after deducting debts, funeral expences, and other charges and legacies (if any) and which shall be given for the benefit of any person whose legacy, if arising out of any personal estate, would be now chargeable with a Duty of eight pounds per centum, a Duty of ten pounds (or everyone hundred pounds of the value of such Legacy or Residue.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there he charged upon the receipt or discharge for every Legacy arising out of any personal estate of the value of twenty pounds or more, for which a duty of eight pounds VOL. 60.

for every one hundred pounds is now payable, an additional Duty of two pounds.

Resolved, That itistheOpinion of this Committee, That, on tow ards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there 0 4ii<" be charged for the port and conveyance of U tters by the Poll, within Great Britain, for every single Letter one penny, for every double Letter two pence, for every treble letter, or other letter under an ounce in weight, three pence, and for every ounce in weight, and for every packet not exceeding an ounce in weight, four pence, and so in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce.

Rcfnlved, T\vdt it istheOpinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged for the port and conveyance of letters by the Poll, from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain, for every single letter one penny, for every double letter two pence, for every treble letter, or other letter under an ounce in weight, three pence, and for every ounce in weight, and for every packet not exceeding an ounce in weight, four pence, and so in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce.

Resolved, Thnt itis the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged for the port and conveyance of every packet or cover containing therein, or having affixed thereto, one or more paper or papers, or one or more pattern or patterns of cloth, silk, luiffi or other goods, or one or more sample or samples of any other fort of thing not exceeding together one ounce in weight, sent agreeably to the provisions contained in an Act, passed in the 26th year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in an Act, passed in the 35th year of the reign of His present Majesty, the sum of one penny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinionof this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged for the port and conveyance of every letter originally lent by the Two-penny Post, and not first passing or afterwards to pass by the General Post, directed to, or Tent from, places beyond the delivery of the General Post letter carriers, the sum of one penny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Ma jefiy, there be charged for the conveyance of every letter originally passing by the General Pelt, directed to places beyond the delivery of the General Post, and afterwards delivered by the Two-penny Polt, the sum of two pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commi(<ee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged for the port and conveyance of letters by the Post from and to Great Britain, to and from parts beyond the seas, not within His Majesty’s Dominions, for every single letter two pence, for every double letter four pence, for every treble letter or other letter under an ounce in weight sixpence, and for every packet not exceeding an ounce in weight eight pence, and so in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged for the port and conveyance of letters sent by the Post from and to Great Britain, to and from the British Dominions in America, to and from or passing through the Kingdom of Portugal, and to and from the I (lands of Guernsey and Jersey, and the Ife of Ma packet postage

for every single letter of one penny', for every double letter two pence, for every treble letter or other letter under an ounce in weight three pence, and for every packet not exceeding an ounce in weight four pence, and * l’o in proportion for every other letter or packet of greater weight than an ounce.

Resolved, Th&t it istheOpinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for all letters and packets passing from Great Britain to the British Dominions in America, to or through the Kingdom of Portugal, to the Islands of Guernsey and and the

If e of Man, and for all letters and packets from those respective Countries to Great Britain, there shall be charged

T for

Additional Duties ou Salt.

Additional Duties on iiorits.

TO

19° Februarn.

for their inland conveyance, within Great Britain, one penny for each single letter, and to in proportion for double and treble letters, and other letters and packets, according to the weight thereof.

■7?c/e/;-e</, Thnt it is the Opinionof thisComniittee, That, tow ards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged for every bushel of Salt, which, on or after the 20th day of February 1805, tliall be imported from beyond the seas into Great Britain (not being Irish Salt imported directly from IrelandJ an additional Duty of lix shillings and eight, pence.

Booked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged for every bushel, confiding of fifty-six pounds weight avoirdupois, of Irish Salt, or Irish Glauber, or Epsom Salt, which, on or after the 20th day of February 1805, ftiail be imported into Great Britain, an additional Duty of five shillings.

Rcfoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged for every bushel, confiding of sixty-five pounds weight avoirdupois, of Irijli Rock Salt, which, on or after the 20th day of February 1 Soy shall be imported into Great Britain, an additional Duty of five shillings.

Befolved,'Y\ya\. it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, tow ards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged for every bushel of Salt or Rock Salt that shall !><-, or that ilia.ll have been made, at any Salt Work, or raised or taken out of an}- Salt Mine or Salt Pit in Great Britain, and which, on or after the 20th day of February 1S05, shall be weighed, taken, or delivered for home eon-iiunption, an additional Duty of five shillings.

Btjbki i/, That it is the Opinionof this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged for every bushel of Salt, known or called by the name of Glauber Salts, or Salts, which, on or

after the 20th day of February 1805, shall be made or produced in Great Britain, an additioiud Duty of five shillings.

Bcfoked, That it is the Opinionof this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged, for every ton of Mineral Alkali, or Flux for Glass, which on or after the 20th day of February 1S05, shall be made in Great Britain, an additional Duty of ten shillings.

hV/??/ir</, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for every bushel of Salt which shall he made in Great Britain (Rock Salt excepted) for which the duties imposed shall he paid, or secured to be paid, and which shall be duly exported from thence to parts beyond the Seas, there (' all be allowed a Drawback of five shillings.

Rejoked,'Y hat it is the Opinionof this Committee, That, for every bushel of Salt known or called by the name of Glauber Salts, or Ep/ianSalts, which shall be made or produced in Great Britain, for which all the duties imposed ll.all be paid, or secured to be paid, and which shall be duly exported to parts beyond the Seas, there shall be allowed a Drawback office shillings.

Ik faked. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every bushel, confiding of fifty-six pounds avoirdupois, of Salt, not being Rock Salt, which shall be exported from Great Britain to or for any port or place upon the Continent of Europe, there shall be charged a Duty of six pence.

Re faked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every bushel, confiding of sixty-five pounds avoirdupois, of Rock Salt, which shall be exported from Great Britain to or for any port or place upon the Continent of Europe, there lliulfbe charged an additional Duty office pence.

ReMMTl.atitistl ic Opinion of this Committee, That 'towards railing, the Supply granted to His Majesty, the teveral and respectti\e additional yearly Duties following he charged upon all 1 lories, Mares, or Geldings, kept for the pnrpof of riding, or (or the purpose of drawing any coach, bc ilin, landau, chariot, calalh, chaise, or any * ot la r carriage, by whatsoever name such carriage now is, /thereafter may be called or known (for or in respect whereof any Kate or Duty, under the management of the Commissioners for t he Affairs of Taxes, shall be that is to fav payable)

For each Horlt*: Jf S. cl.

For 1 such Tlorle, Mare, or Gelding 0 8 O

2 such 1 lories, Mares, or Geldings 0 14 O

3 - - IP - - 0 16 O

4 - - I>° - - - ‘ 0 16 O

5 - - IP - - - - 0 16 O

b - - IP 0 16 O

7 - - D* - - - - 0 17 O

8 - - D° - 0 J7 O

9 - - D* - - - - 0 18 6

10 and upwards - I 3 0.

liefoived, That it is the Opinionof this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to llis Majesty, an additional yearly Duty of eight shillings be charged upon every Horie, Mare, or Gelding, let to hire for the purpose of riding*, or of drawing any such carriage as aforesaid, for any period of time less than one year, in any manner so that the Stamp Oliice Duty payable on horles let to hire shall not be chargeable.

o . __

Resolved, That it is t be Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, an additional Duty of (even shillings be charged upon every Horse, Mare, or Gelding (not being chargeable with duty as a Horse, Mare, or Gelding kept for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calalh, chaise, or other carriage, by w liat-soever name such carriage is now, or hereafter may be called or known) and upon every Mule kept by any person or persons.

Tl ie full Kesolution of the Committee, being rend a second time, was, upon the Queliiou put thereupon, agreed to determined by the House.

O v

The second Kesolution of the Committee, being read a second time; an Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the words " i ;>tli day of July," and inserting the words " iyth day of July," inliead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the words " 15th day " of July," stund part of the said Kesolution; it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the words " 19th day "of July," be inserted instead thereof; it was relblved in the Affirmative..

Re/hived. That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, I hat every Contributor to the said sum of twenty-two millions five hundred thou fund pounds shall, for every one hundred pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal sum of Jf. 130 in Annuities, after the rate of ,£.3 centu/n,to commence from the 5th day of January 1803, and to be added to, and made one joint (tuck with, the Jf. 3 per-cent uni Annuities eonlblidated by the Acts of the

25th, 28th, 29U1, 32d, and 33d years of the reign of his late Majesty Ring George the Second, and by several subsequent Acts, and to be payable and transferable at the Bank of England at the same time and in the same manner, and subject to the like redemption, us the said If. 3 per-cent inn Consolidated Annuities.

That every such Contributor shall likewise be entitled to the further principal sum of 22 in Annuities, after the rate of If. 3 per-cent urn, to commence from the 10th day of October 1804, and to be added to, and made one joint (lock with, certain Annuities, after the rate of Jf. 3 per-centum, which were reduced from Jf. 4 to 3

per-centum, by an Act made in the 23d year of the reign of his late Majesty, and to be payable and transferable at the Bank of England at the same time and in the same manner, and subject to the like redemption by Parliament, as the said Jf. 3 per-centum Reduced Annuities.

That the said several Annuities, so to be payable as aforesaid, shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of, the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, or any other Duties or Revenues which shall be appropriated for that purpose by an Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament.

4 That

45 Geo. III.

19° Fcbru

71

-[’Iiat every Contributor shall, on or before the 22c! day of February 1805, make a deposit of 10 on Inch linn as he or ihc thall < hufie to subscribe towards raithiy the said Ann of tw enty-two millions five hundred t'aoul’aml pounds, with the chief Cashier or Calibers of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as a security for making the future payments on or before the days or times herein after mentioned, that is to lay:

JJ. 1 ° per-centum on or before the 19th day of April

1805.

per-contum on or before the 21ft day of May next.

£.10 per-centum on or before the 21ft day of June next.

£.15 per-contum on or before the 19th day of July next.

£. 10 per-contum on or before the 16th day of August next.

jCa5 p'-r-continnon or before the 17U1 day of October next.

£. 10 per-contum on or before the 1 jth day of November next.

£. 5 per-centum on or before the 20th day of December next; and,

£.j per-contum on or before the 17th day of January 180G.

That every Contributor who shall pay in the whole of his or )q’.rcontribution money, towards the said Aim of twenty-two millions (ive hundred thou fund pounds, at any time on or before the 19th day of December iSo^, shall be allowed an interest, by way of discount, after the rate, of £.5 per-contum per annum on the Aims so advanced, for completing his or her contribution respectively, to be computed from the day of completing the same to the 171I1 day of January 1806.

That all Ihe monies, so to be received by' the said Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank o (England shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, to be applied from time to time to such services for Great Britain and Ireland as shall then have been voted by this I louse in this Session of Parliament.

The third l'csolution of the Committee being read a fecor.d time, was. upon the question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

mdkttx The coimfel and agents before mentioned, being re-ttmicd to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the apj*aiej. laid Committee delivered in to the House a reduced lift;

to which lift, the Nominees being added, the fame was called over; and is as follows:

Lord Viscount Mar/ham, Sharpe .1 inflic, E (quire,

Sir I Viliam Midd’eton, Bnronet, Lord Yi Icon lit Fit <: Harris,

John Spencer Smith, EApiire, Sir Robert. Baronet, Charles Duneombe, El’quire, James Flip lire, Charles Mordaunt, Esquiro, David , Fi'quire, Charles Montagu EApiire, the Honour-

able Archibald Ache/on, A , EApiire, the Honourable Saint And Saint , Francis Gre-

gor, EApiire.

Arid the said fifteen Members, bring the Select Committee for trying the merits of the Petition, complaining of an undue Return for were sworn byr the

Clerk at the Table, in the usual manner.

And thereupon the coimfel and agents withdrew. Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for hearing the trials of controverted elections.

Pm"15!" The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being >n°K?porrof *eve rally read a second time, were, upon the question iVay-i and fen-rally put. thereupon, agreed to by the I louse.

Ordered, Thai a Bill be brought in, upon the tirft and second of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Lord

V1 (count FtIzJfarris, Mr. Long, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Sol icitur General, Mr. St urges Bourne, and Mr. Hu/kijfjltn, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the third of the said Resolutions: And that the fame Gentlemen do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the fourth, VOL. 60.

fifth, fixlli, and seventh of the said Resolutions: And that the fame Gentlemen do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the eighth, ninth, tenth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth of the said Resolutions: And that the fame Gentlemen do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the sixteenth, sevenleolith, eighteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, twenty-first, twenty-second, twenty-third, twenty-fourth, and twenty-fifth, of the said Resolutions: And that the fame Gentlemen do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the three lull of the said Resolutions: And that the fame Gentlemen do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Lord Viscount Mar/ham, from the Select Committee fr.^m

appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition committw, of the several Freeholders of the County of Middlesex, for Leave to complaining of an undue return of a Member to serve aJi°urn-in Parliament for the said County, informed the House,

That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that they might have Leave to adjourn from this day until Tlmrlday next, tomorrow being the day appointed by llis Majesty’s Royal Proclamation for a General Fait.

And Lord Viscount Mar/ham moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave, for the special cause assigned, to adjourn 11s desired.

Resolved, That this House will, at the rising of the Adjournment. House this day, adjourn till Thursday next.

Mr. IVilberforcc presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a time to be limited: And the fame was received; and read the tirft time.

Bill for Abolition of the Slave Trade, presented.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. Ordered, That the said Bill he read a second time upon Thursday sevennight, the 28th day of this instaut February.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the Debate on Adjourned Debate on the Question, That the House do TIoTori ..

•’ . , , _ , . ’ . respectinff the

agree with the Select Committee appointed to try and late sheriff of determine the merits of the several Petitions, complain- Middlesex, ing of an undue Election and Return for the County of adjourned. Middlesex, in the firli Resolution of the* said Committee;

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till this day sevennight.

The other Order of the Day being read, for taking into Quarantine further consideration the Report from the Committee of Bl11, . the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the re comnmK Duties on Ships and Vessels performing Quarantine in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and making further provisions for the due performance of Quarantine, was committed;

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee: of the whole House.

, Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said considered.

Committee.

Mr. Speaker.Jest the Chair.

Mr. St urges Bourne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. St urges Bourne reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday next.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Manchester and Bury Canal Bill, reported.

Heath Charnock and Bolton Roads Bill, pre/en ted.

Pen gate iftd Market Lavington Road Petition, reported.

72

.21° Fcbru

A. 1805;

Jovis, 21° die Februarii;

Anno 45* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1805; Prayers.

MR. Blackburn* of Lancqfhirereported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to Bolton and to Bury, to raise money to complete the lame, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrafted.

Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from a place called Nightingales, in the township of Heath to the Bridge

at the Well end of the town of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lan and other Roads therein mentioned: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 31ft year of his late Majesty, for amending the Road leading from Pcngate, in the Parish of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, to Latchet’s Bridge, near the Eall end of Market Lavington, and other Roads therein mentioned; and also, an Act, passed in the 9th year of Ilispresent Majesty, to enlarge the term and powers of the said Act, lo far as relates to the several Roads comprizing the First Dili rift of Roads therein mentioned, were read:—And, Mr. William John Stump being examined, said. That the Trustees have borrowed considerable sums of money on the credit of the Tolls, which Hill remain due, and cannot be paid off, nor can the Roads comprized in the said First District be properly amended and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be further continued, the powers and provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls encreased; and that it would be very advantageous to the neighbourhood, and of public utility, if the said Trustees were discharged from the management of so much of the Roads mentioned in the said Acts as leads from to

the top of Westbury 1 Jill, and from the Turnpike Road

between the Direction Poll and the Two-mile Stone on Salisbury Plain to the top of Bratton Hill; and if, in-field thereof, the Road leading from the Town’s-end of Westbury to Ball’s Water, commonly called The Lower Road from Westbury to Westbury Leigh, were put under the care and management of the said Trustees, and made a part of the said First District.—And. the Witness further said, That the Road leading from Pcngate aforesaid through a place called Dillon’s Marsh, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Warminster, in the said County of Wills, to Beckington, in the County of Somerset, on Standerwick Common, near the

house of John Bajly, is greatly out of repair, and in many

parts narrow and incommodious, and it would be very advantageous to the neighbourhood, and of public utility, if the fame was made a part of the said Firii Diitriet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a lid! for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 3illyear of his late Majesty, and the 9th year of llis present. Majesty, lor amending the Road leading from Pengate to Latchetf's Bridge, and other Roads therein described, in the County of Wilts, so far as the same relate to the First District of Road therein mentioned, and for amending other Roads near or adjoining to the said Roads: And that Mr.

Baldwin and Mr. Charles Smith do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Estates in the Langthorpe Township of Langthorpe, in the Parish of Kirk by on the Moor, commonly called Kirkby Hill, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That there are in the said Township certain Commons and Waste Lands, and also several Open and Common Fields or Lands; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, great advantage would arise therefrom:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition r And that Mr.

Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lajlelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Chariot fa Bell; ell, widow1 Lady of the Lfyen Canal Manor of Leven, in the Fall Ruling of the County of ^ttltIon* York, was presented to the House, and read; foiling forth, That an Act was passed in the 41 it year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from the River Hull, at a point in the Parish of Leven, near the boundary between E/ke and Leven Carrs, in the Fall Riding of the County of York, to Leven Bridge, in the said Riding; and that the said Canal is completed, and is now open for public life; but the rates granted by the said Act have been found infus-ficient, and it is necessary that they should be altered and increased, and other rates granted; and that the said Act hath been found in other respects defective, and it is expedient that the powers thereof should be altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henry Lafcelles, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend lor persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Town- mrfield ship of Darfield, in the West Riding of the County of

York, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That there are in the said Township certain Commons and Waste Grounds; and it would be for the benefit of the persons interested therein, if the fume were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, that leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lafcelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts Rotherham herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and p^,. read; setting forth, That an Act wras passed in the 4th year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the South end of the Town of Rotherham, in the County of York, to the present Turnpike Road near Pleafey, in the County of Derby, and also the Road from' the North end of the said Town of Rotherham, into the present Turnpike Road on the Eall fide of Tankerjley Park, in the County of York; and that another Act was passed in the 14th year of His present Majesty, for enlarging

■'Si

" T Shi,

4o Geo. III. 21® Februarii. 73

larging the term and powers of so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Road from the Town of Rotherham to the Turnpike Road at the East end of Tan-ktr/ley Park, being the Second Distrkt of the said Roads; and that several considerable sums of money, borrowed Upon the credit of the Tolls arising on the last mentioned Road, ft ill remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Difiriit of Road effectually amended and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be further continued, the Tolls incron fed, and the powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes a fore fa id.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine she matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred so Mr. Mr.

Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

tvr:ti(on, Sir Martin Brerane Folkes reported from the Com-*c: mittee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and draining cer-

Dr,in3'f Bill, tain Lands in the Parishes of Wintcrton, East ttported. and Weft Somerton, in the County of Norfolk, was committed;That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of estates assessed to the land tax at £ io per annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of estates assessed to the land tax at £. 5. 15 t. per annum, who were neuter); and that the whole of the property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure and Drainage is assessed to the land tax at £. 156. 5.?. per annum; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his piece; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the I Ioufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Writ Newton A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parish of Weft Newton, in the County of was presented

° to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, divers Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds; and it would be advantageous to the persons interested therein, if the fame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, that leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Martin Brotvne Folkes, Sir Jacob Henry AJlley, and Mr. Coke of Norfolk, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Jne writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the elett-ing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ca’ve, in the room of Jekyll,

Esquire, who, since his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the office of one of His Majesty’s Counsel learned in the Law.

2 A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parish of iu«n. Brunstead, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are in the said Parish certain Open Fields, Commons, Severals, Fens, and Waste Grounds; and it would be of great advantage to the Persons interested therein, if the fame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

VOL.60. 1 1

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a. Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Sir Jacob Henry AJlley, and Mr.

Coke of Norfolk, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parish Pilling of Patting, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are in the said Parish certain Open Fields, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds, and it would be of great advantage to the Persons interested therein, if the fame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Sir Jacob Henry Allley, and Mr. Coke of Norfolk, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees for carrying "into execu- t^am tion two Acts, one made in the 3?.d year of his late Ma- petjtion. jbfly, for repairing and widening the Roads from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, through Bottesford and Bingham, to Nottingham Tvent Bridge, and from Chappel Bar, near the Weft end of the Town of Nottingham, to Saint Marxfs Bridge, in the d own of Derby, and from the Guide, Poll in the Parish of Iwnton to; and the other made in the 7th year of His present Majesty, for continuing and enlarging the term and powers of so much of the said Act as relates to the Road leading from Grantham to Nottingham Trent Bridge, was presented to the House, and read; setting fonh. That the Trustees have borrowed considerable sums of money on the credit of the Tolls, which, together with a great arrear of interest, is dill owing; and that such Roads cannot be repaired, or such money repaid, or the interest thereofdischarged, except the term granted by the said Acts be furl her continued, and the powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Sir William Earle Welby,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records'.

Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham reported from the Com- Swindon and mittee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for carry-. pWfo RoacI ing into execution an Act, of the 24th year of His present reported’. Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road at or near the Town of Sioindon, to the North end or fide of the Town of Marlborough, and from Marlborough to the Village of Everley, in the County of Wilts, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House; relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read :—And, Mr. Thomas Merryman being examined, said. That the Trustees have borrowed several sums of money upon the credit of the Tolls; which dill remain due, and cannot be paid olf, and the said Road effectually amended and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Act be enlarged, and other {towers and authorities given for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the term and powers of two Acts, palfed in the 2d and 24 th years of His present Majesty, for amending the

Road from the Turnpike Road at or near Swindon to Marlborough, and from Marlborough to Everley, in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. 'Penruddocke Wyndham,

Mr. Goddard, and Mr. GrimjlonEjtcourt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

U The

' 21° Feb marie

A. 1805.

Account of The House being informed, that Mr. Allmitt from the Thames Commissioners for improving and completing the Thames presentedT* Navigation, attended nt the door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purl'uantto the directions of an Act of Parliament,

■ Abstract of an Account of all Money received and dif-

bursed by the Commissioners appointed for improving and completing the Navigation of the River Thames and Ijis, for the year 1804.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read. Ordered, That the said Abstract do lie upon the Table. The laid Abstract is prcteiwed amongst the other Papers of tin’s Section.

Lord Viscount Boyle reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for carrying into execution several Acts, made in Ireland, in the 5th and 19th years of his late Majesty, and the 28th and 30th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the bounds of the Counties of Cork and Limerick, between the Towns of and -

ville, to the City of was referred; That the

Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Hpufe, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that, the Committee had examined the matter of the Paid Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

To prove tire Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read :—And, Mr. Edward Lyfight being examined, said, That the said Acts have been found infulli-cient for the purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient that further and additional powers ilioitld be granted, and the terms of the said Acts enlarged; that it would tend greatly to facilitate the execution of the purposes of the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the said Road, if such parts thereof were repealed, and further provisions made:—And the witness further said, That the Expenditure upon the said Road has exceeded the Receipt; and that a small increase of Tolls is necessary.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for tire better amending and repairing of the Road leading from the bounds of the Counties of Limerick and Cork, between the Towns of Kilmallock and to

the City of Cork: And that Lord Viscount Boyle and Mr. Uniacke Fitzgerald do prepare, and bring in, the same.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parish of fndoftw* Lea 311(1 Cleavertov, in the County of was presented

Petition. to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are in the said Parish several Commons or Waste Lands, anti also a certain Lot Mead; and it would be of great advantage to the Persons interested therein, if the said Commons and Waste Lands were divided and inclosed, and if the several rights to which the said Lot Mead is now liable were extinguished, and the detached and intermixed parts thereof exchanged and apportioned amongst the Proprietors: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Penruddockc Wyndham, Mr. Goddard, and Mr.

Ejlcourt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Whitehaven A Petition of several Trustees for the care of the Har-p«ition? &C" k°ur Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and of the Roads communicating therewith, and also of several Inhabitants of the Town of Whitehaven, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That several Acts were passed in the 7th and 10th years of Queen Anne, the 13th year of his late Majesty, and the ift, 2d, 28th, and 3zd years of His present Majesty, for preferring and enlarging the said Harbour, and for repairing and amending the high Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town; and that a considerable progress hath been made in carrying into execution the several works and powers

Cork ami JLimerick Road Petition, repotted.

tea and authorised by the said Acte to be done and performed; but the fame cannot be completed and maintained, unless the term and powers of the said Acts in that rc-spect are continued and enlarged, and the Tolls increased; and that the streets, lanes, and public passages and places in the said Town, are insufficiently paved, cleansed, lighted, and regulated; and it would be advantageous to the inhabitants of the said Town, and persons re foiling thereto, if provisions were made for more effectually cleansing, lighting, and regulating, the fame; and that disputes and differences frequently arise between the mailers and commanders of vessels trading to and from the said Harbour, and the crews of such vessels, and also between fufch masters and commanders, the merchants, traders, and other persons within the said Town, and the labourers, common porters, and other persons by them respectively employed, touching their hire or wages; and it is expo dient that provisions should be made for enabling tha Trustees of the said Harbour l'peedily and finally to settle such disputes and differences: And therefore praying.

That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

Audit is referred to Mr. James Graham, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Persons interested in the Assess- Forfnr Roadi ment or Com crfion for Statute Labour in Burghs and Petition, upon Burgh Roods, in the County of Forfar, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act was passed in the 29th year of I Iis present Majesty, for repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar, and for regulating the Statute Labour within the same; and that disputes and difficulties have occurred as to the application of the money levied in Burghs and upon Burgh Roods in the said County; and it would be of benefit to the Petitioners, and to the Public at large, were further powers given to the Magistrates of the Royal Burghs within the said County, in regard to the application of such money: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the I louse:

And it is referred to Mr. Farquhar, Sir David Carnegie,

Szc.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Owners of Land in the County of Lanark Lanark, was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That the Laws now subsisting for the making of petition. Roads, and building and repairing Bridges, have been found ineffectual in the said County, and further and other powers are necessary in order to carry the purposes of the said Laws into execution; and it would be for the advantage of the said County, to convert the Statute Services into money, and to ascertain the rates thereof, and mode of levying the fame, and also to authorize an additional assessment on the Heritors and other persons in the said County, for the making of Highways and Bridges through the fame: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid. '

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Archibald Hamilton, Mr.

Dickson, Szc.:And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to tend for p*rlor.s, papers, and records.

45 Geo. lit.

Bethnal Green and Shoreditch > Kc:*ds Biilj passed.

21®

An ingrafted Rill to enlarge the term and powers of two Acts, passed in the 29th year of his late Majesty, and the 7th year of I lls present Majesty, for making a Road from the East fide of the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to the East end of Church Street; in the said Parish, and to open a way into Shoreditch, and for keeping the fame in repair, was* read the third time.

Resolved, That the Rill do pnfs: And that the Title be.

73

and that the Roads already made cannot be kept in proper repair, the money borrowed repaid, the new Roads made, nor the purposes of the said Acts carried into execution, without granting new and increasing the former Tolls, and also granting farther powers, and otherwise amending the said Acts.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 34th and 37th years of His

An Act to enlarge the term and powers of two Acts, passed present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majesty, and the in the Counties of Clackmannan and Perth, and for

Lanark Roads Bill,

printed.

Lead hills, &c. Roads Bill, prefeated.

seventh year of His present Majesty, for making a Road from the East fid? of the Pari fit of Matthew Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to the East end of Church Street, in the said Parish, and to open a way into Shoreditch, and for keeping the fame in repair.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Rill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Lord Archibald Hamilton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the limits of the Counties of Edinburgh and Lanark to the Burgh of Lanark, in the County of Lanark: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Lord Archibald Hamilton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the term and altering the powrers of so much of two Acts, made in the

Great Braxted Inclosure Bill, presented.

Surrey Railway Bill, passed.

making and keeping in repair several other Roads communicating therewith: And that Mr. Farquhar, Mr.

Abercromby, and Sir Bober t P ref on, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to /whom the Bill for repealing the Duties on Ships and Vessels performing Quarantine in Great Britain, and for granting other duties in lieu thereof, and making further provisions for the due performance of Quarantine, was recommitted.

Lord Viscount Dunloaccordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one

Quarantine

Bill,

reported.

12th and 32d years of llis present Majesty, as relates to by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, sche Road from InglijlonBridge, by Biggar, to LeadhilIs,were agreed to by the House.

and to the confines of the County of Lanark, and for making and maintaining a new Road from to

the confines of the County of Lothian: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordci'ed, ingrafted.

Ordered,

Tommorrow.

That the Bill, with the Amendments, be That the said Bill be read the third time

Mr. Wefternpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Braxted, in the County of If ex: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Ireland— count of the Imports and Exports of Ireland, for the year ending the 5th of January 1804. ordered.

presented:

Loans.

The House being informed, that Mr. Johnson, from the Ireland— Office of the Chief Secretary for Ireland, attended at the Accountl door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the An ingrafted Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors House, pursuant to their Orders, of the Surrey Iron Railway lo raise a further fuin of money An Account of the sums of Money borrowed in Eng-for completing the said Railway, and the Works there- land for the service of Ireland, with the Interest and unto belonging, was read the third time. Charges of Management thereon; stating the years in

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, which the several Loans had been made, and distin-An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the guishing the sums borrowed in each year: And also,

Surrey Iron Railway to raise a further sum of money for An Account of the Notes of the Bank of Ireland, in completing the said Railway, and tho Works thereunto circulation (including Bank Poll Bills payable seven days belonging. after fight) during the year 1804; distinguishing those in

Ordered, That Lord William Bit fell do carry the Bill each quarter, and also those under the value of five pounds:

Bank Note*.

Clackmannan wd Perth Roads Petition, reported.

to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Farquhar do make the Report from the Committee, to w'hom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in execution two Acts, passed in the 3.4 th and 37th years of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Clackmannan and Perth, and of several Owners of Land in the said Counties, was referred.

Mr . Farquharaccordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the

And also.

An Account how the Loan raised in Great Britain for Loan, kc. Ireland has been transmitted fmceAuguft last; distinguishing dates, sums, rates of exchange, and amount of applications received at the Irish Treasury pursuant to any Notices given respecting the fame, with Copies of every such Notice, and the date thereof: And also,

A Statement of the prices and fluctuations in the price Bank stock, of Stock of the Bank of Ireland, from the ill of January 1798 to the ill of January 1S04; stating also the Dividends payable on the ill of January 1805, with the dates of all increase of Dividends, and the amount and date of any Bonus that may have been given by the Bank to the

Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition; Proprietors during the above period which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s I able: Where the fame was read; and is followeth: viz,

r. T°a Prove t*ie Allegations of the said Petition, the aid Acts were read: And, a Member present informed our Committee, That the Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed conlulera >le sums of money on their personal security, and on the credit of the Tolls, and that it would be

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts and Statement do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Statement be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Statement are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

nf a(ivmitabre to the Public, if certain branches [r,°.acVvcre Put unrJcr the care of the said Trustees,

V OL, 60.

The House being informed, that Mr. Johnson, from the Office of the Chief Secretary for Ireland, attended at the door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented presented to the House. pursuant to their Order,

Ireland— Account of Imports, &c.

*3

Two

76

21° Febru

A. 1805.

Report on Salt Duties, to be re-printed.

Two Books,—Imports and Exports of for the

the year ending 5th January 1804.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles wrere read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 30th day of June 1&01, was made from the Committee appointed to enquire into the Laws relating to the Salt Duties, and the means of remedying the inconveniences arising therefrom, be re-printed for the Members of the House.

Ireland—

Returns, &c. ordered s

Reversionary

Grants.

Compenfa-

tions.

Return of Arm yof Reserve, ordered.

Ordered, That there belaid before this House, a List of all Reversionary Grants of Offices and 'Employments in Ireland, which have been made ftnee the ift of January 1795; specifying the date of each Grant, the period when they were severally to commence, and whether they were made for lives, pleasure of the Crown.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return from the Commissioners under Act. 40 Geo. III. cap. 34, of all claims for Compensation on account of Representative Franchises which they have admitted $ to what amount, and under what conditions, they have awarded Compensation; and what claims for allowances on a similar account they have disallovved and rejected.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the claims laid before the said Commissioners by all Persons claiming Compensation in consequence of their offices being discontinued, or diminished in value, by the Union, and of the evidence laid before the said Commissioners in support of such claims.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the number of days, exclusive of Sundays, since

the Establishment of the Inspector General of Recruits, or employed under his orders; together with the expence of the fame for the year 1804: And also.

Return of the number of effective Men added to the Army, engaged for general service, between the ift of June 1804 and the ift of January 1805; distinguishing Cavalry and Infantry- also the number of Volunteer*

t V y

from limited for unlimited service, as far as ean be ascertained: And also.

Return of the number of Men raised under the Army of Reserve Act between ift January and 29th June 1804: —And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table.

The said Returns are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

Mr. Dickinson, junior, presented to the Ilonfe, pursuant Account f to their Order:—An Account of the Expences of the ^ePRomnty, term of years, or during the Romney from the 25th November 1800, the day the failed presented.

' from Sheerness, to the 2d June 1803, as nearly as can be

ascertained, with a view of /hewing how much /he exceeded the proportion of the vote Parliament allowed for Wear, Tear, and Ordnance, or came within that sum, reference being had to the state of the /hip when ihe failed, and when /he returned, with a fair appreciation of the stores /lie returned with :—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Re/hNemine Contradicente, That the Thanks of this Dollar Hall House be given to the Reverend Charles Henry Hall, for

Doctor in Divinity, Canon of the Cathedral Church of " mK>B* the appointment of the said Commissioners, on which no Christ in Oxford, for the Sermon by him preached yes-business came before them, with the amount of the whole terday before this House, at Saint Margaret's;

expence of the said Commissioners, and of such other and that he be to print the fame; And that Lord

Persons as have been employed in the execution of the Viscount Dunlo and Sir Robert John Buxton do acquaint said Act. him therewith.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the proceedings of the said Commissioners from the Mr. presented to the House, according to pofage

time of their Iaft Return, specifying the several claims, if Order, a Bill for granting certain additional Rates and Bill, any, which shall remain before them undisposed of at Duties on the conveyance of Letters: And the fame was prereuted* the time of making such Return, and of the times when received; and read the first time, such claims were respectively preferred; specifying also Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

the amount of every such claim, and the whole amount Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To-

of such undisposed-of claims. morrow.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the claims laid before the said Commissioners in respect Mr. Hujkijfon presented to the House, according to Horse*

of the Boroughs of Swords, Chgher, Leighlin and Ferns, Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional -and Sl Cannice otherwise I rift town, and of the adjudica- ties on certain Horses and Mules, and for consolidating tion of the said Commissioners thereon. the said additional Duties with the present Duties thereon:

And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Re- Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

turn of the number of Men raised under the Army of Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To-

Reserve Act, between 1 ft January and 29th June 1804. morrow.

Bill for Mr. Hujkijfon presented to the House, according to Ordered, That the Account of the of the Account of

Order, a Bill for raising the sum of twenty-two millions Money granted by an Act, passed in the last Session of " five hi/ndred thousand pounds by way of Annuities; Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise the sum ot

by Annuities, presented.

Returns of

And the fame was received; and read the fir/i time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

That it be referred to a Committee to revise the several Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Acts which have passed in the two lad of

officers under fiiant to their Orders,

of £. 2,500,000, for the uses and purposes therein men- to tioned, be printed for the Members of the House.

A Motion was made, and the being put. Motion

retpefting the Defence of the Country

Inspector General of Rpcruiti, presented.

Return of the rank and number of the Officers, and the number of the Non-commissioned Officers, attached to the Establishment of the Inspector of Recruits,

or employed under his orders; together with the expence of the fame for the year 1802; And also,

Return of the rank and number of the Officers, and the number of the Non-commissioned Officers attached

to the Establishment of the JTn/peftor General of Recruits, or employed under his orders; together with the expence of the fame for the year 1803; And also.

Return of the rank and number of the Officers, and the number of the Non-commissioned Officers, attached to

ment for the Defence of the Country, and to r

of such further mea furesas be necessary to make

that Defence more complete and permanent;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the J96-

Lang, }

rii

M

1%

Tellers for the Noes,

I Mr. Canning.

242.

So it pa/Ted in the Negative.

And then the House a till Tommorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

45 Geo. 111. 22° Februarii.

77

Veneris, 22° c/?’e Februarii;

Anno 45° Georgii III"1 Regis, 1805.

*Thc Lords have agreed to

Ireland—

Habeas

Corpus

gufpension

Bill

vpt&i

v.vy,

mi

encdi

Coil Factors :mii. indemnity Bill.

PRAYERS.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and

Mr. Harvey:

Mr./Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until six weeks after the commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend or detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against His Majesty’s Person and Government; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnity all Persons employed in the disposal of Coals in the Coal Market in the City of London, who have incurred penalties under certain provisions of an Act, made in the forty-third year of IIis present Majesty, for establishing a free Market in the City of London for the Sale of Coals, ami for preventing frauds and impositions in the vend and delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain places therein mentioned; without any Amendment.

And then the Mertcngers withdrew.

Cherington A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of incisure Bill, Cher iny ton, in the County of was read asecond

committed. tjmft

tHjS Ref lived, That tli'e Bill be committed to Mr. Mordaunt,

Mr. Dugdale, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Rotherhithe

Tunnel

Petition.

Bill

:d.

1

A Petition of the Persons whose names are thereunto full feri bed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in conseqnemv of the increase of the trade and commerce of the Port of London, great inconveniences and delays are experienced by the Inhabitants and persons connected therewith, going to and from, and carrying on trade in the vicinity of, Deo'ford, Greemoich, Rotherhifhe, Limehouse, Shadzcell, and parts adjacent, from the want of a more convenient communication than by London Bridge; and that not only great national advantage will be domed, but also great benefit would accrue to the Metropolis, and the Persons interested in the trade of and cornier ed with the said Difmcts, if an uninterrupted Land-communication were made for horses, carriages, cattle, and foot passengers, between the Counties of Kent, Surrey, Middlefe.r, and T\fftx9 by means of a good and sufficient Archway or Archways, and other works lieoell’ary, under the River Thames, from ibtne part or parts of the Parish of Saint Man) Rotherhifhe, in the County of Surreju to some part or parts of the several Parities of aS7//h/ Dunjians Slcpney, Saint Ann s Limehou fey Saint Paul's Shadr el!, and Saint John's Wapping, in the County of M/ddfr/(J t', or of some or one of them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for the purpofos aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John AnderfMr.

Brandling, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

ndford A Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts Petition. herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act was passed in the 2d year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Farrard's Common, in the Pari Hi of Bradford, through Holt and to

Homan's Stile, in the Parish of in the County

Of Wills-, and that an Act was parted, in the 17th year of His said Majesty, to enlarge the term and powers of VOL. 60.

the said Act, and for completing a communication between the said Road and the Bath Turnpike Road upon Kingsdozvn Hill, in the same County; and that the Petitioners have borrowed several considerable sums of money on the credit of the Tolls; but find that the said Road cannot be effectually repaired and kept in repair, and the Money due be repaid, unless the term of the said Acts be continued, the powers thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased; and that it would be beneficial to the said Trust, and of considerable public advantage, if the said Road was varied, widened, and turned, and certain communications made the.refrom: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Penruddocke Mr.

Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Sir Charles Ross reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of Land in the Counties of Ross and Cromarty, was referred; That the Committee bad examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of and for enabling the Proprietors of Lands in Scotland to charge their Estates with a proportion of the expence of making and keeping in repair Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, was read:—And a Member present informed Your Committee, That in order to insure the making and erecting of the Roads and Bridges which have appeared advisable to be made and built in the County of Rofsand to keep the fame afterwards in repair, it will be expedient to empower the Conuni (boners of Supply of the said County, to afiefs themselves at their respective County Meetings; and every Proprietor of Land in the said County, for a rateable proportion according to their respective valued Rents of such Sum as may be necessary for the making and erecting of such Roads and Bridges, in addition to one-half of the estimated Expence thereof, which the Commissioners are by the said rec ited Act authorized to defray in the manner therein mentioned; and also, for a rateable proport ion of lueh lum as may be necessary to keep and maintain such Roads and Bridges in repair, after the same shall have been made and erected, and for whatever expence may be incurred in procuring and parting an Act for these purposes:—And the said Member informed Your Committee, That certain Lands, parts of the Pa-rithes of Tarhal, Fearn, Tain, Kilmuir

Easter, Fodderty, Lockbonrne, and Roffmarkie, have been valued and do pay I and Tax in the County of Cromarty, although these Parishes are all situated locally within and do make part of the County of Ross—That the Lands of Ferrintq/h a part of the property of Duncan Forbes, Esq. although situated in the Parish of Urquhart ,in the center of the Shire of Ross, is in the same manner valued, and pay Land Tax in the Shire of Nairn, although separated therefrom by a considerable Tract of country, an arm of the Sea, and a part of the Shire of —That as the

Proprietors of these Lands so valued and the whole property of Cromarty mull derive equal advantage from the Roads and Bridges proposed to be made and erected, as their neighbours in the Shire of Ross, they are deftrous to contribute a proportion towards these ends, in such manner as shall be deemed most proper.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Ross, and such parts of the Counties of Cromarty and Nairn as lie in the said County of Ross, tovvards the expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein as shall

X be

Ross, kc» Roads Petition, reported.

Stockton and Darlington Roads, Petition.

Broadwater

Inclosure Bill,

presented.

Qol (ter worth

Inclosure

Petition.

Clackmannan and Perth Roads Bill, presented.

Breadmaine

Inclosure

Fetition.

22" Febm

A. 1805.

be approved of by the CotnmiftionferS appointed by an Act, passed in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland: And that Sir Charles Boss and Mr. Mackenzie Fraferdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees for putting in execution three Acts, passed in the 20th, 22d, and 26th years of his late Majesty, for repairing the high Road leading from the Town of Slockton upon Tecs, in the County of Durham,

to Darlington, and from thence through to Barnard Castle, in the same County, and also of the several

Creditors of the Tolls arising on the said Road, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trustees have borrowed considerable sums of money upon the credit of the Tolls, which are now due, with some arrears of interest; and that it is impossible to complete the said Road, and keep the fame in repair, and repay the money borrowed, unless the term of the said Acts be further continued, and the powers thereof altered, enlarged, and consolidated: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Burdon, Mr. Raine,: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. Lloyd presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in

the County of Suftez: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refoked, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Manors, Townships, or Liberties of Colft Wooljihorpe, and Twyford, in the Parish of Colftenvorth, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are, within the said Manors, Townships, or Liberties, several Open Fields, Meadow Grounds, 'Pastures, Commotiable and Waste Lands, and also divers ancient inclosed Lands; and that it would be of great advantage to all Parties concerned, if the said Open Lands were ^divided and inclosed, and together with the said ancient inclosed Lands, discharged of Tythes by an adequate compensation in lieu thereof: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Fane and Mr. Robert Manners do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Mr. Abercromby presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 34th and 37th years of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Clackmannan and Perth, and for making and keeping in repair several other Roads communicating therewith: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. henry Lafcdlesreported from the Committee, to w.-it-norhnd

whom the Petition of several Trustees for executing two kuyAr Acts, passed in the 2d and 24th years of His prest-nt lV'hk’nT" Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from repoiM. Kirkby Stevch High Lane Head, in the County of Weft-norland, through Sedbergh, to Greet a. Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and from Bracken Bar Gate, near Afterigg, in" the County of York, through

Sedbergh, to Kirkby Kendal, and also the Road from the Four Lane Ends, in Marthwaite, to the Turnpike Road on Grayrigg House, leading from Appleby to Kirkby Kendal, in the County of Westmorlwas referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: 'Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read:—And Mr. 7/7 being

examined, said. That great progress hath been made in repairing and improving the said Roads; for which purpose a considerable sum of money hath been borrowed, and is now due and owing on the credit of the fame* and of the Tolls authorized to be taken thereon.—

And the Witness being further examined, said. That the said debt cannot be paid oft", nor the said Roads be maintained and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be continued, and some of the powers and provisions thereof altered and amended; and that the Toll to be collected on a part of the said Roads be increased.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 2d and 24th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Kirkby Steven High Lane Head, in the County of 77 morland, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County, and in the Counties of York and Westmorland: And that Mr. Henry and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Open Finedon and Common Fields, Meadows, Pallures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the manor of Thing- aitlon-don, in the parish of Thingdon, othenvile Fi in the County of Northampton, was presented to the Iloule, and read; setting forth. That if the said Lands and' Grounds were divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested therein: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Cartwright and Mr. Dickins do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. St. John presented to the House, according to Thurieigh Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Thur- injure Bill, leigh, in the County of Bedford: And the fame was pre ente ’ received, and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Estates in the Mr. reported from the Committee, to whom Elgin and

manor and parish of Broadmaine, in the County of the Petition of several Owners of Estates or Inhabitants DorJ'et, was presented to the House, and read; setting in or near the several parishes and places thereinafter reported’ forth. That there are in the said manor and parish several mentioned, in the County of Elgin and Forres, was re-Open Common Arable Fields, Common Downs, Com- ferred; That the Committee had examined, and found nions, and Waste Lands; and if the fame were divided that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turn-and inclosed, it would tend greatly to the advantage of pike Bills, had been complied with, except that the the persons interested therein: And therefore praying. Notices were inserted in the Aberdeen Journal of the 19 th That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those and 26th of September last, in the Edinburgh Evening purposes. Courant of the 15th and 17 th of September last, and in the

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- Edinburgh Advertizer of the 18th and 21st of September _suant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. last; and it appeared to the Committee, that the person Ashlcy and Mr. Bond do prepare, and bring in, the fame, who was entrusted with the care of giving the Notices

4 was

Kids

Pc^doa.

lanover

Chipe!

Petition.

45 Geo. Ill*

2Q6 FcbruatlL

79

>\;is extremely i)l during the month of September, and <lic<l at the end thereof; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his piaee, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; iv'r.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. J)avicl Robertftn being examined, said. That the Road

leading from the Bridge over the river Spnj at Boat of near Fochabers, leading by the Royal Bilrghs of Elgin and Forres to the coniines of the Comity towards Fair it, is in bad repair, narrow, incommodious, and dangerous to travellers; and the fame cannot iiifficiently be amended> widened, and repaired by the means prescribed by the, laws now in force—That the laws now fubfilling lor making of Roads, and Building of Bridges, generally in the said County of Elgin and Forres, and repairing the fame, have been found ineffectual; and further and other powers are necessary hi order to carry the purposes of the said laws into execution, and that it is attended with difficulty to make effectual and properly to apply the Statute Work in the County—That a reasonable composition in money, in lieu of actual labour, is in many places found to be more useful and effectual, as well as more eafv and convenient for the persons liable in Statute services, than the actual performance; and it would therefore be of adv antage to the said County of Elgin and Forres, to convert the Statute services into money, and to ascertain the rates thereof, and the mode of levying the fame, and to authorize an additional Assessment beyond that at present allowed to be imposed on the Heritors of Land and other persons in the said County, for making Highways and Bridges through the fame. Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the ’Fable.

A Petition of feverat Trustees fir executing an Art, made in the 27th year of 11 is present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the borough of Berwick upon Tweed, by Ayton Bridge, and the new Bridge over the Pees or Pals of Cockbnrnfpath to Dunglas Bridge, and also the Roads from Billie and

Bridge, to join the said Road at or near Cockbnrnfpath Tower, in the County of Berwick, and of several Owners of Estates or Inhabitants near to the said Roads, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That it would be of great benefit to the Public, if power was given to alter the present line of the said Road, in the whole or in part; and that the said Roads cannot be completed, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Act he farther continued, and the powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes afoi 1 'laid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Baillic, Sec.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of Thomas Hill, of Dennis, in that part of the parish of Old Sicinford which lies in the County of Stafford, and Samuel Hopkins, of Blaenavon, in the parish of Lanuver, in the County of Monmouth, Iron-nrafters and Copartners, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the parish of Lanover, in the County of Monmouth, and Diocese of Landaff, is very large and extensive, and, by reason of the establish-nuait and great increase of the iron works there, the Inhabitants thereof are become so numerous, that the present vicarage Church, and a final I Chapel called Newedd Chapel, arc not sufficient to contain the Inhabitants desirous of attending Divine Service therein, and which vicarage Church is situate at a great difiance from the said iron worksy and that the Petitioners have end-ted and built a new Church or Chapel at Blaenavon aforesaid, and have appropriated a piece or parcel of

VOL. 60,

land, upon a part of which the said Church or Chapel (lands, to he used as a Chapel Yard or Cemetery; and it is expedient that the said Church or Chapel should be made a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and proper regulations eiiabiiffied for the life, support, and management thereof, and that the right of patronage or prc-feutation of or to the fame should be settled, and permanently" fixed: And therefore pray ing, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of James Eawrell, EApiire, Owner of Lands S'ry>f in the Manor and Parish of Great Book ham, in the County of Surrey, w as presented to the House, and read; setting Petition, forth. That there are in the said Manor and Parish certain Open or Common Fields, Waste Grounds, and Commons or Commonable Lands; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, they might he rendered very" advantageous to the Persons intcrelied therein: And therefore praying.

That leave may- be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Robert John Buxton, Lord William and Sir John

Frederick, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the principal Proprietors of Lands in the The Perth, Townships of Hardwick Ridge and New Mar ton, in the Ne*n^Ijrton County- of Salop, w as presented to the House, and read; indoiure °n setting forth, That there are in the said Townships t wo Petition, parcelsof Open and uninclosed Waste Ground, called The Perth, and New Martoa Common; and if the fame were divided anti inclosed, they might be greatly- improved: And therefore praying, That leave may begiyen tabring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Balaioin, Mr. Jlill, Sir William Pultenty, and Mr. William Clive, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account count of tire application of the Surplus Revenue of the of Jjleof Man, between the 5th of January 1798 and the Mm'

5th of January 1804. ordered.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Quarantine reading of the ingrossied Bill for repealing the Duties on ^j!1*

Ships and Vessels performing Quarantine in Great Britain, e and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and making further provisions for the due performance of Quarantine, be now read:—And the fame being read; the said Bill w as read the third time.

Refotved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for making further provision for the effectual performance of Quarantine.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Bill for reading of the Bill for raising the sum of twenty-two mil- "^Anmifue^ lions five hundred thousand pounds by way of Annuities, fL"Ci| be now read:—And the fame being read; the said Bill was read a l'eeond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Pottle reading of the Bill for granting certain additional Rates Duti« KilU and Duties on the conveyance of Letters, be now read: C0mmiUcd-—And the fame being read; the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered,

Committee of Ways and Means.

Copies of the

Apportionment of Men raised under Additional Force Act, ordered.

Copies of Treaties, Sec. with Indian Powers, presented.

Ireland— Ate Mints be presented forthwith.

80 22° FebruaA. 1805.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I Ioufe, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read:—-And the fame being read; the House refolded itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Hefolntion; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report he received upon Monday next.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to Ills Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Apportionment made by the Privy Council of the nine thou fund Men, directed by the Additional Force Act for England to he raised in the several Counties in England, for the year ending on the ill of October 1805, towards supplying the vacancies that had arisen in such additional force, by reason of the enlisting of persons serving therein into His Majesty’s regular for.ces, together with the date of such Apportionment, and the date of its being transmitted to the respective Lieutenants of the several Counties in England, or their Vice Lieutenants.

Ordered, That there laid before this House, a Copy of the Apportionment made by the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council of Ireland among the several Counties in Ireland of the number of Men requisite for supplying the vacancies that had -arisen before the iftof September 1804, in the additional force directed to be raised by the Additional Force Act for Ireland, by reason of the enlistment of persons serving therein into His Majesty’s regular forces, or by deaths, desertions, or other casualties; together with the date of such Apportionment, and the date of its being transmitted to the respective Governor or Governors of the several‘Counties in Ireland.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, attended at the door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copies of all Treaties, Engagements, or Corrrefpon-denoe, between the Briti/liGovernment in and the King or Mogul at Delhi, or with his M millers, subsequent to the eonelufion of the Treaty of so fur

as the fame may be disclosed without prejudice to the public service.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved, That the Orders made upon the 11th day of June in the lull Session of Parliament, " That there he laid before this House, an Account of " the particulars of all such Hilaries, payments, or com-" pensations, as have been made to the different Officers, " civil and military, of the late Ordnance Establishment " in Ireland-, specifying the persons to whom such payments were made, the dates of their respective ap-" pointments, the funds out of which, and the warrants " or authority by which, the fame were paid, from the " iff day of January 1709 to the ill day of June 1804 —And also, " That there be laid before this House, an " Account of the Hilaries of the Directors General and " other Officers of the Inland Navigation of Ireland since " their appointment, specifying the names of the persons " appointed; as also, an Account of the Expences in-" currei by them in purchasing or taking houses or u offices for their meetings, and for trail luffing their

" business, and furnishing the fame; specifying the particulars of such expences, and the warrant or authority " under which the fame were incurred," might be read:

-—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Accounts be laid before this House forthwith.

Ordered, That the Returns relating to the Army, Returns which were yesterday presented to the House by Mr. ^cruin^&c Secretary at War, be printed for the Members of the to be printed. House.

Mr. Wellesley Pole presented to the House pursuant to Returns of

their Order, Artiiw and

Return of the number of effective Men added to the Military Royal Regiment of Artillery engaged for general service, Art'ficcrj> and serving in the United Kingdom, between ill June v U1 c 1804 and ill January 1805: And also.

Return shewing the number of effective Men added to the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers for general service, and serving in the United Kingdom, between ill June 1804 and ill January 1805.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table.

The said Returns are inserted in the Appendix to Appendix, this volume. (No. 15.)

The Order of the day being read, for the House to Mutiny Bill, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon deferred, the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to d£le"tJ* consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the feeond Horses reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional ®lllf Duties on certain llorfes and Mules, and for consolidating the said additional Duties with the present Duties thereon;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a feeond time upon Tuesday next.

Resolved, That this House will, at the rising of the Adjournment, House this day, adjourn till Monday next.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ullier of the Royal Assent Black Rod: to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable I Ioufe in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Water, their Royal Highnesses the Dukeof York, thcDuke of Clarence, the Duke of Kent, the Duke of Cumberland, the Duke of

Sussex, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of G!ouceftery the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Earl,

and the Lord Walsingham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising the sum of three millions by Loans 2 or

45 Geo. III. 22°—25°

or Exchequer Bills, for the fen-ice of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five:

An Act for explaining and amending an Art, made in the forty-third year of His present Majesty, for consolidating certain of the provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Dut ies under the management of the Commissioners for he A Hairs of Taxes, and for amending the same, so tar as relates to the power of arting as Commissioners in certain Distriets:

An Act to continue, until six weeks after the commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing an Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such persons as he. or they shall suspect for conspiring against His Majesty’s Person and Government:

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the times limited for those purposes respectively, until the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand eight hundred and five; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and rile Affidavits of the execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and So'icitors to jmake and file the fame, on or before the first day of Michaelmas term one thousand eight hundred and five;

An Act to indemnify ail Persons employed in the disposal of Coals, in the Coal Market in the City of London, who have incurred penalties under certain provisions of an Act made in the forty-third year of 1 lis present Majesty, for eftahlithing a free Market in It.e CVv a? London for the sale of Coals, and for prove itr f eeds and impositions in the vend and d, Every of ai Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain places therein mentioned:

An Act to continue and amend an Act, passed in the seventeenth year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Dthrough Ashborne, to Hurdlee II ife, in the County of Derby

An Act for inclosing Lands in the parrlhes of Sain* Mam, Trimley Saint Martin, and

in the County of Suffolk:

An Act to enable Joseph Thom nfan Whateley, Esquire, and Sarah his wife, and their respective ifl’ue, to take and ulc the Surname and Arms of Hal fey, pursuant to the will of Frederick Ilalfey, Esquire, deceased.

And then the Hoitfe adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the clock.

Lunce,25° die

Anno 450 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1805.

Pray ebs.

stirhim A PETITION of several Persons interested in the teuton* -c* Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable Lands and V afte Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Oxford, was presented to the I louse, and read; setting forth, That if the said Lands were divided and inclosed, it would be of great, advantage to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

1 John Fane and Lord Francis Spencer do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

ftwithiel Sir William Lemon presented to the House, according teofe'd’ *° ^rc^er’a RiR to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of turn Arts, passed in. the 2d and 24th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the LojkdthielTurnpike Road, through Tregom to Ruan Lanehorne, and from Dennis Water to three hundred yards on the South fide of Tre in the County of Cornwall: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Februarii. 81

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Edinburgh Council, of the City of Edinburgh, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, owing to the extension of the City of Edinburgh and Villages adjacent, and the great increase of Inhabitants, it has become ne-cell'ary to have a general system of Police for the City of Edinburgh, and the Towns and Villages in the neighbourhood thereof, and to appoint a permanent Magistrate to superintend the whole, with proper powers to make regulations for cleaning and lighting the Streets and Passages in the said places, for appointing a proper number of Watchmen, for apprehending and punishing of Vagrants and disorderly Persons, and for the more effectually supprelfing of begging, and removing nuisances from the Streets, and for other purposes tending to the preservation of peace and good order in the City and suburbs; and for imposing a Tax upon the Inhabitants, in the said limits, under the administralion of Commissioners; for veiling the Lord Piovoft and Magistrates with more ample: powers for liceiifing, and in making and enforcing Regulations and Fares for Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Carters,

Metters of Corn, and Porters, as well for Edinburgh as the Port o i Leidt; for making and enforcing reauhvions for weighing of Coals, Hav, Straw, and other articles brought into the City and a Ijacent places, and to ex art a small fmn of money from the Carters and Drivers, sufficient for paying of persons for the fupenutending the weighing, and for ererting and keeping Still-yards in repair; for making and enforcing regulations for the baking of Bread of an uniform weight, whatever the felling price of it may be, whether baked in Edinburgh or the suburbs, or brought from the country; anil lor making a 1 necessary rules and regain* ions in other matters, which may tend to the general police, good order, and government, in the City and places aforesaid: And therefore praying.

That leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for those purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the conli deration of a Committee: Ami tint they do examine the matte: thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House

And it is referred to Mr. Abcrcrcnnbu, Sir Dalrymple Marndfo", Sc.: And the\raro to meet Tommorrow Mormr!r', at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Clou- Gloncdter cester and Berkeley Canal, was presented to the House, aici, ft|rkele^ and read; setting forth, That the said Cana! was m ule Petition, under and by virtue of two Arts, passed in the 33d alid 37th years of His Majesty; and that, by surveys and levels lately taken, it appears that it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners, and useful to the Public, if they were empowered to make a line of variation from the said Canal, at or in a certain Field called Lrrver Field, situate in the Parish of Saul, in the County of and to run and extend from thence in a line so as to communicate with the River Severn, at or near a place in the Parish of Arlnigham, in the said Comity, called Hock Crib: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Howard, Admiral Berkeley,

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parishes Fnnfham.&c. of Great Frantham, Litt’e Vran/ham, and North Pick- indrture

enham, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the I>etltioa• House, and read; setting forth. That there arein the said Parishes lundry tracts or parcels of Whole Year Land,

Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Warren,

Heaths, Commons and Waste Grounds; and t would be 'for the benefit of the persons interested therein, if the rights of Sheepwalk, Common, and Shackage, were ex-

Y taiguished,

82

25° Fibru

A. 1805.

tinguished, and the {"aid Lands were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Sir Jacob Henry and Mr.

Coke of Norfolk, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Wmterton, An ingrafted Bill for inclosing and draining certain

Ieclosure and ^nds in the Parishes of , and

Drainage Bill, Weft Somerton, in the County of ,was read the

passed. third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing and draining certain Lands in the Parishes of Winterton, East Somerton, and Weft Somerton, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Martin Browne Folkes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ardroflan A Petition of several Persons who have entered into a &C' fabscription towards the expence of making a Harbour, Wet Docks, Basons, and other Works, at in

the County of Ayr, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Promontory or Point called Ardroffan, in the Parish of Ardroftan, in the County of Ayr, terminated by a ridge of Rocks, dretching lor a considerable way into the sea in a North-w eft direction, immediately opposite to which, at the d: fiance of about half a mile to the North-weft, there is an Island, called The Horse Isle, stretching nearly in a North and South direction towards the shore; which promontory and ridge of rocks on the one side, and the said Island on the other, completely protect a capacious Bay, formed between them, from the winds and storms; and that there is a depth of water, to the extent of about thirty feet at low water, ordinary spring tides, between the extremity of the said ridge of rocks towards the Sea and the said Island, being the entrance to the said Bay; and within the same there is a depth of from twelve to eighteen feet at low water, ordinary spring tides, with good anchorage ground, and the tide rises to the height of about ten feet in ordinary stream tides; and that the said Bay may be formed into a safe and commodious Harbour, which may be entered at all times of the tide, and with any wind, by vessels of the largest burthen, by construCling piers upon the said ridge of rocks, whereby a safe and commodious Ration may be afforded to ships of war on that part of the coast; and the trade of that part of the United Kingdom, and the intercourse between Ireland and Scotland may be greatly promoted; and that the Shipping resorting thereto will be further accommodated, by the erection of Wet Docks and Basons, and the constructing of other works for that purpose, for which the situation of the place is peculiarly favourable: And therefore praying, "jriiat leave may be given to bring in Bill for the purposes -aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir lino DalnpnMe Hamilton, Mr.

Macdoivall, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and ha\T Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ra/s, &c. Sir Charles Ross presented to the House, according to »o*ds Bill, Order, a Bill for ailcfling the Proprietors of Lands in the p.-eier.ted, count Qf jfq/s, and such parts of the Counties of Cromarty and Nairn as lie in the said County of to-

wards the expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act, passed in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of And the fame

was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

The Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr.

haveiigreedto Simeon:

Mr. Speaker,

Bin respecting The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Loydlty lojlii.

for amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts, passed in the 37 th and 42d years of His present Majesty'; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Greenimd for allowing Vessels employed.in the Greenland Whale kill Fishery to complete their full number of Meij, at certain ports, for the present season; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act fr*wken» for repairing the several Roads leading to and from the town of Crewkerne, in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Reverend Samuel Hemming, Clerk, Twickenham Doctor in Divinity, and of several Inhabitants of the parish of Tioickenham, in the County' of Middlesex, was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Parish Church is a small building, and not sufficiently spacious to contain the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and that about fifty' years ago it was deemed expedient to erect a Chapel at Montpellier Row, as ail additional place of public worship for the convenience of houses at a distance from the said Parish Church; and that the Petitioners are desirous that the said Chapel should be consecrated as a Chapel of Eafc to the said Parish Church: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Byng, Sec.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Persons interested in the Open Norton and Common Fields and Downs, Common Meadows, f^lofure* Common Pastures, Commonable and Waste Lands, in petition, or belonging to the Parish of Norton Bavanf, in the County of Witts, and also a certain Common Meadow or Common Pasture, called Pit-mead, in or belonging to the said Parish, and the several Parishes of Warmi Biftiopftrozo, and Sutton Veny, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners, if the said Lands were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham and Mr. Eftcourt do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House Avas moved, That the Report, which upon Elgin and Friday' last was made from the Committee, to whom the Rh^j7in:i. Petition of several Owners of Estates or Inhabitants in ordered, or near the several Parishes and Places thereinafter mentioned, in the County of Elgin and Forres, was referred, might be again read:—Ami the fame being read;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Elgin, and for levying a Conversion in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the high Roads and Bridges in the said County:

And that Mr. Brodie and Mr. Secretary at War do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Viscount Mar/ham, from the Select Committee

appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition, Kepurt'1-" complaining of an undue Return for the County of itipceting

dlesex, informed the House, that the said Committee met this morning, pursuant to their Adjournment of Saturday, when the Chairman produced a letter, dated the preceding evening, from Charles Duneombe, Esquire,

(one of the Members of the said Committee) Rating, that the sudden death of a near relation prevented him from attending the Committee this day.

And

fw

fff*

fe.

feint Pancras Poor Petition*

Petition from

Stockport, rn peeing Com Acts.

bourne

cUure

ttition.

rL>y

lot-re iUi*n.

45 Geo. III. 25® Febru83

And the House being informed, that William Arnold (servant to Mr. Duncombe ) attended at the Door, who could give the House information respecting the cause of his absence, he was called in; and at the Bar examined upon oath in relation thereto.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Duncombe be excused for his not attending this day, and have leave to absent himself from any further attendance on the said Committee.

A Petition of several Inhabitant Householders of the Parish of Saint Paver ns, in the County of being Directors of the Poor of the said Parish, appointed in and by virtue of an Act, made in the 44th year of His Majesty, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the powers and provisions of the said Act are found to be inadequate to the purposes thereby intended, and it is necessary that the fame should be altered or repealed; and that it would tend greatly to the benefit of the inhabitants of the said Parish, if the care of the highways, and also the appointment of Tmftees of the Church Lands in the said Parish, were vested in the said Directors; and that there is not in the said Parish sufficient authority by law for any person to examine weights and measures, by reason whereof great detriment has ari'.en, and may hereafter arise, to the Inhabitants thereof, and more especially to the poorer part of them: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

kc.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of certain Manufacturers and others, rest-dent in the Town and neighbourhood of Stockport, in the County of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That an Act was made, in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating the Importation of Corn into Great Britain, and the Duties payable thereon, and the Bounties on Corn exported from Great Britain; and the Duties and Bounties on Corn imported into and exported from Ireland; and that the Petitioners have reason to believe that the said Act has contributed to cause the advance in the price of Corn and Bread Flour; and, if the fame should continue in force, it will perpetuate this grievance, whereby many branches of \Ia-mifactures will be transferred from Great Britain to other nations; And therefore praying. That the said Act may be repealed, and also such part of an Act made in the 31ft year of His Majesty, as relates to imposing additional Duties on Foreign Corn warehoused in Great Britain and taken out for home consumption; and that the House will adopt such measures respecting the trade in Corn and Grain in Great. Britaas may give the greatest encouragement thereto, and prevent the return of those calamities which have so lately and so frequently been felt from the high price of Corn and Provisions.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Estates in the parish of Sudhourne, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House., and read; setting forth, That there are, in the said Parish, certain Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds; and, if the fame were divided and inclosed, they might be much improved: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Trail and Lord Bobert Seymour do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Persons interested in the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Vol. 60.

Grounds, in the parish and liberties in the County of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners, if the said Lands and Grounds were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that the Earl Temple and Mr. Pracd do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Persons interested in the Lands BoHon

and Grounds herein after mentioned, was presented to incjofiu* the House, and read; setting forth, That there are in et, uon* the manor of Bolton, in the County of several Open Commons and Waste Grounds; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, they might be much improved: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

James Graham and Mr. James Lozvther do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parishes Kirtiing, &e. of Kirtley, Silver ley, and Ashley, in the County of Cam- p" £|‘e

bridge,.w^as presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are, in the said Parishes, divers Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Lammas Lands,

Half Year Lands, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds; and if the fame were divided and allotted amongst the several Persons interested therein, and with the inclosed Lands exonerated from Tythes, they might be much improved: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

James Graham and Mr. North do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Persons interested in the Heath Great Lands, Waste Lands, Mud Lands, Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commonable Petition? Lands, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Great Canford, and in the Tythings of Great

Kinfon, Parkftone, and Long fleet, in the County of Dor-

set, and also in the Town and County of the Town of Poole, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That if the said Lands were divided and inclosed, it would tend greatly to the benefit of the Petitioners;

And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. femesGraham and Mr. Bankes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Freeholders and Rack Renters of Petition from the Counties of Worcester and Hereford, was presented w"rce(ltr

to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, respe£Ung° * made in the 13th year of His Majesty, a penalty of Five w"sgons. Pounds is imposed upon the Owner of any Waggon or other four-wheeled Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels of less breadth than six inches, which shall pass or be drawn on any Turnpike Road with more than four Horses, and full costs of Suit, with certain exceptions as to Wales, and where hills rife more than four inches in a yard; and that the Counties of W and Hereford abound with steep hills of considerable extent, and moll of the Turnpike Roads in both Counties, more especially those leading from the various parts of to

the City of Worcester, are remarkably unequal in their surface; and such of the Petitioners as reside on the Eastern fide of the County of Hereford generally carry the principal produce of their Farms, more particularly Hops; Fruit, and Grain, to Worce market for sale; and that there is the greatest proximity between the above Counties and the Principality of Wales, with this particular variation, that in llcrefordshire and shire the hills (more especially on the Turnpike Roads)

feldora

Ryhill, &c#

Inclosure

Petition.

East India Papers, presented*

Aceonnt of

FA pence of Bombay Frigate, &c. ordered.

Stilton Inclosure Bill, presented.

Great Braxted Inclosure Bill, committed.

Hollinwood and CViadderton Roads Bilb, reported.

25° Febr uarii.

A. 1805.

seldom elevate four inches in a yard, whereby the Petitioners are left without the benefit which results to Wales from the particular exception in its favour, and have no relief under the Statute; and that the Petit ioners have been exposed, not only to the incorivniiencios above Hated, and many others, but, for the last two years, to the reiterated attacks of common Informers: And therefore praying the House to take the premises into consideration, and give the Petitioners such relief as the nature of their case may require.

Ordered, That the find Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in Byhill and Ca inert on, in Holderness, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in the Townships or Hamlets of in the Paridi of

Shedding cum Bur/hcick and Camer on, in the Parish of Pagula, otherwise Paul, there ore certain Open Fields, Meadow, and Pa ft n re Grounds, and also certain Messuages, Cottages, and ancient iticlosed Lands; and if the said Open Fields, Meadow and Pasture Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and a commutation made for the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands, it1 would be a great benefit to the Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bid for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John/)one and Mr. Savile do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

tabling several branches of Road to communicate therewith, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon tin* Ci.1.1 'ltion, severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrossed.

C suit

•L.t f&f f

i&cb;

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township of Sale, in s^e the Par lh o f AJlitonunon Mersey, in the County Palatine o>q*r<rBill,

of Chester, was read a second time. w.-nnu.ced.

Refo'ved, 'l'hat the 15:11 he committed to Mr. Black-burneof.Laneashire, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for more effectually repairing and improving He.ith the Road from a place called Nightingales, in the Town- C,lj£’’cck fit ip of Heath Charnock, to the Bridge at the Weft end of Roads bX the Town of Boltov in the Moors, in the County Palatine committal, of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned, was

read a second time.

Rrflved, That the Pill he committed to Mr. hurne of Laurashire, Mr. Stanley, c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

;.T?.

xd

The House being informed, that Mr. (from the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of attended at the door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Copy of a Letter from Lord Vi (count to

the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of tha East India Company, dated 9th September 1804; together with the Enclosuros contained therein:—And also,

Estimate of the Expence of building a S.-venty-fourGun Ship and a Thirty-six Gun Frigate at ,by the

Government of Bombay:—And also,

Copies of two Letters from Si Snape diamond.

Baronet, to the Chairman of the East India Company, dated 29th and 30th October 1804 :—And also.

Copy of the Proceedings of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, also of the Court of Directors, or their Committee of Correspondence, respecting the Prince of Wales //land, so far as the fame may be disclosed without prejudice to the public service.

Together with a List.

And then lie withdrew; and the said Lift was read. Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Papers be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Setlion.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an Account of the Expence of building the Bombay Frigate at Bombay in 1791-2, and of the Ship in the

year 1800.

Mr. Anne/leypresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stilton, in the County of Huntingdon: And the fame wras received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Braxted, in the County of K/le, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Western, Mr. Strutt, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Blackburneof I.ancashire reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Road from Hot'ircvood, in tin- fowii/hip of

to Feather/lalfin the Town!'up of in the County Palatine ot Lane after, and for making and nvain-

Ordered, That there he laid be fore this House, a State- Statement of ment of the sums expended in Great for the Vo- thcvE,xpence

lnnteer Service, between the ift day of June 1803 and ordered?1*"* the 1 ft day of January 1805; specifying particularly how much thereof has been applied to the following heads:—

Pay for Attendance at Drill—Inspection—Permanent Duty—Pay of Drill Serjeants, Adjutants, Serjean); Majors, Infp cring Field Officers, Brigadier Generals, Majors of Brigade, Aid de Camps, &c.—Cloathing—Anns, Accoutrements, Drums, See.—Ammunition for Exercise —Money advanced by the Receivers General of the Counties on account of the Volunteer Service and De-dmiions from the Ilorfe and Hair Powder Duties.

’m

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, a Return of Return of the different Contracts or Agreements made c:°ntraets,&c. iiuce the 23d day of July 1803, for the purchase ofhouses, £0frUndi'at* tenements, and grounds, surrounding the Castle of Dublin; Dublin Caitie, specifying the persons by whom the fame were made, the ordered-dates thereof, and the full amount of such Contracts and Agreements, the sums actually paid on account thereof, and the authority or warrant by which such Sums were paid, and such Contracts made.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to coniuler further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; via.

Resolved, That it istheOpinion ofthisConimittee, That, Additional towards raising the Supply granted to His Majest y,an additional Duty of sixpence he charged upon every I lorfe,

Mare, or Gelding, not being chargeable with Duty as a Ilorfe, Mare, or Gelding, kept for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose of drawing any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, calath, cliaife, or other carriage, by whatsoever name such carriage is now or hereafter may he called or known, and upon every Mule, kept by any person or persons.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Report I

W.ivs and Means,

1

Mr. 7 hflci/Jbnpresented to the House, pursuant to papers

their Address to His Majesty :—Copies of further Corref- •?'

pondence between His Majesty’s Secretaries of State and '

5 the

45 Geo. III.

25°—-26"—27°

85

the Governors or other Civil Authorities in I lis Majesty’.s Colonies and Plantations in the reflecting

measures tending gradually to diminish the necessity of the Slave Trade :—And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Papers be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of tills Session.

v

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Bin for railing Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a sum by tjje (um cf twenty-two millions five hundred thousand pounds, by way of Annuities.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refnmed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

and immediately adjourned the fame till Tomorrow, at Three of the clock in the afternoon.

And then the House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Annuities.

Committee on

Postage Duties Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting certain additional Rates and Duties on the conveyance of Letters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Account of Ordered, That the Account, /hewing how the Monies D Grantt,11 of Siven for the service of the year 1804 have been disposed to be printed, of, distinguished under their several heads, so far as relates to Great Britain; be printed for the Members of the House.

Ways and Mans, deferred.

Supply,

Peered.

The other Order of the clay being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Martisy26° di Februarii;

Anno 450 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

Kiurefoo-

THE hour appointed for taking into consideration t-iauun-. the Petition of the several Persons whose Names

-owidenaion are thereunto subscribed, on -behalf of them lei ves and ■eferred. others, being lawful Electors of the Borough of

borough, in the County ’ of York, concerning the said Return for the said Borough, being come;

The Serjeant at Arms was font, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Members on the business of the House.

And being returned;

A Member was sworn.

Then the House was counted by Mr. Speaker, and eighty-nine Members only being present;

Mr. Speaker directed the Clerk to read the Order of the day, for taking the said Petition into consideration; Vol. 60.

Mercurii, 27° die Februarii;

Anno 45® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

r | M1E hour appointed for taking into consideration Knarefbo-X the Petition of the several Persons whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and petition"*"1 others, being lawful Electors of the Borough of Knaref- considered. borough, in the County of York, concerning the said Return for the said Borough, being come;

The House proceeded to the appointment of a Select Committee, to try and determine the merits of the said Petition.

The Serjeant at Arms was sent, with the Mace, to the places adjacent, to require the attendance of the Mem* bers on the business of the House.

And being returned;

The House was counted by Mr. Speaker-, and one hundred and twenty-nine Members being present;

■ The counsel and agents were called in. '

And the door being locked;

The Order of the day for taking the said Petition into consideration, was read.

And the names of the Members were drawn, and read in the usual manner.

And the name of the Honourable Charles Lawrence Dundas being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee, by the counsel for the returning Officer.

And the name of the Honourable Charles Grei) being drawn, he was nominated to serve on the said Committee by the counsel for the Petitioners.

Note. That in the course of drawing the said names, the names of several other Members were drawn, who were excused as being sixty years of age or upwards, or as serving on a Select Committee; and the name of one other Member was set aside, his return to serve in Parliament not having been brought in fourteen days.

And the whole number of forty-nine najnes being complete, lifts of the said names were delivered to the counsel; and the door being opened, the counsel and agents withdrew.

A Petition of several Persons interested in a certain Common, Common Field or Waste and Commonable Land, called A nick Common, otherwise Anick Fell, in the parish of Saint John Lee, in the County of Northumberland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That, if the said Commonable Land was divided and in--closetl, it would tend to the improvement of their Estates:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Beaumont and Mr. Grey do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Saiilt John Lee Inclosure Petition.

Mr. Beaumont reported from the Committee, to whom simnnt-.urn the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of inciofureBlH,

in the County of Northumberland, was committed; That rtponed' the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered.

Z the

86 27° Februarii. A. 1805-.

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the dueftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-•grofted.

Rothbury, Mr. Beaumont reported from the Committee, to whom &c. the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Rothbury

reported? an<* Elfdon, in the County of , was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent. to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and th^t the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several. Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards -delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

C»mberw«ll, Sir John Frederick presented to the House, •according Waterworks *° ^r^er> a ®ill for supplying the Inhabitants of the Bill, Pari Hi of Saint Giles Camberwell, and parts of the Parish

presented. Df Saint Marys, Lambeth, and several other Parishes and

Places in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, with Water: And the fame was received; and read the tirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Pyrford A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Manor Pet!doUre Pyrford, in the Parishes of Pyrford and Chert fey, or °n’ one of them, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are in the said Manor several Open and Common Fields, Meadows and Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, they would be rendered of much greater value: And therefore praying. That leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to th’e prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Frederick and Lord William Ruffell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Pulwich A Petition of the Master, Warden, Fellows, Brethren, Petition* Sifters, and Scholars, of the College of God’s Gift, in e 1 u‘ Dulicich, in the County of Surrey, under their common

seal, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is within the said Hamlet a Common, called Dulicich Common, and certain Waites, Commonable Lands, and Grounds, and it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if the lame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Frederick and Lord William Russell do prepare,' and bring in, the fame.

Mark field A Petition of several Truste.es for putting in execu-

Whifwick t‘on tu 0 unule in the 30th year of his late Majesty

RoadIC and the 23d year of Ilispresent Majesty, for repairing Petition. the Road from Marl;field Turnpike, in the County of Leicester, over Charity, otherwise Charmcood Forest, through the Town of Whihoick, and from thence through Talhot Lane, to where the road leading from the Town of Loughborough to the Town of Ashby-de-la-%ouch, in the said Comity, comes in from Ry'tey Lane, near to a place called' znapeGate, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That several sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls; which

still remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor can the said Road be amended and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be continued: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill lbr those purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, Mr. Legh Keck, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and other Inhabitants of the Barony, Manor, Town, and Township of Stockport, in the Parish of Stockport, in the County Palatine of Chefer, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are within the same several Commons and Waste Lands, and if they were divided inclosed, and fold, or otherwise disposed of, and the Money arising thereby applied in or towards defraying the expences of certain purposes for the benefit and accommodation of the said Town, and in aid of the Poor’s Rate, it would be of great advantage to the Inhabitants thereof; and that the Poor belonging thereto are become very numerous, and are supportecl at a very great expence to the Inhabitants, and if a suitable house was provided for the reception of such Poor, and proper powers were given for their regulation, employment, and government, it would not only be a great advantage to all Persons paying to the Poor’s Rate, but would tend to the better support, relief, and comfort of the Poor themselves; and that the said Town is a very populous and trading Town, and daily increasing, and it would be a great improvement, and tend to the safely and convenience not only of the Petitioners, but of all Persons resorting to, or passing through the fame, if the streets and other public passages and places therein were paved, lighted, cleansed, watched, regulated, and otherwise improved, and if proper powers were granted to remove and prevent nuisances, annoyances, and encroachments from and within the said Town: And therefore praying; That leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; ami report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Egerton, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Truliees for executing two Acts, made 3 and 23 Geo. III. for repairing and widening the Road from Lawton, in the County of to Bur Hem

and Neit'cajllc under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trustees have borrowed couliderable sums of money on the c redit of the Tolls, which still remain due, ami cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads properly maintained and improved, unless the term of the said A^ts be continued, and some of the powers and provisions thereof altered and amended: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appeav to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Egerton, Mr. Cholmondeley, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two Arts, passed in the 34th and 37th years of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Clackmannan and Perth, 11 and

Stockport Indoiure, Sec Petition.

Lawton and Burilem Roads Petition.

Clackmannan and Perth Roads Bill, committed

plumptref,

ic.

[ndoiure

Pctidou.

Norwell

Inclosure

petition.

Grindon

Inciosure

Petition.

Bowyer's lottery Feution. -

45 Geo. III. 27"Fcbnumi 87

and for making and keeping in repair several other Roads communicating therewith, was read a second time.

Ref deed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robert Dundas, Mr. Abercromby, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Manors or Townships of Plumptree and Clipfonin the Parish of Plumptree, in the County at Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That there are in the said Manors or Townlliips several Open Fields, Meadows, Paftnres, Commonable and Waste Lands and Grounds; and if the fame weredivided andincloled, great advantage would arile to the Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Eyre and Mr. Pierrepont do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parish of Nor.cell, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are in the said Parish several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures. Commonable Grounds, and Waste Lands; and if the fame vrere divided and inclosed, and the Lands in the said Parish exonerated from the payment of Tythes, it would be a great benefit to the Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Eyre and Mr. Pierrepont. do prepare, and bring in, the fame. '

A Petition of several Owners of Lands in the Manor, Township, and Parish of Grindon, in the County of ■Stcrfford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are in the said Manor, Township, and Parish, certain Commons and Waste Lands; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, it would tend greatly to the advantage of the Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Henniker and Sir John do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Robert Bowyer, of Pall Mall, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, wa° presented to the House, and read , setting forth. That the Petitioner during the peace of the year 1783, amidst the publication of other works of Art in which he was then engaged, conceived a plan for promoting the arts of Painting and Engraving in this Country, and not doubting to receive aliiftanee from various l’ources in the prosecution of it, did, in order to the maturing thereof, resolve to pu’oliih Ionic splendid Work, in which the mod perfect specimens of engra ving from Paintings by Artists of this Country should be exhibited. and which might even tally prove a national concern and honour; and that, in furtherance of the said plan, the Petitioner has, at a very considerable expence during several years pad, formed a most valuable collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, by artists of this Country, which has been for several years publicly exhibited in Pal! Mai!under the name of The

Gallery, and the' Petitioner has, besides various other Works, proceeded to pubiiih a most splendid edition of Hume's History of England, ornamented with Engravings

by liritish Artists, and has thereby contributed to the encouragement of the arts of Painting and Engraving, and to secure to this Country a superiority in those Arts over all other nations; and that the fourees of aliiftanee upon which the Petitioner depended have in a great meal lire foiled, and he has incurred veiy great difficulties in the prosecution of his design, and it has become necessary for him to dispose of his collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, and of the Copies of his Edition of Vol. 60.

Hume's History of England, now remaining upon his hands unfold; and that the fame cannot be disposed of by the common mode of sale but at a very great loss, and unlei's the Petitioner is enabled by the aliiftanee of Parliament to dispose of the same to the best advantage, the Petitioner’s endeavours to promote the honour of this ’ Country, by encouraging the irts of Painting and Engraving, will prove highly injurious and detrimental to himself:

And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioner to dispose of his faiu collection of Paintings, Drawings and Engravings, and also the said copies of Hume's History of England yet unfold, by way of Lottery, and for affording the Petitioner such relief in the premises as the House shall think tit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Peter William Baker, Mr. Wilberforce, Sec.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Owners of Lands in the Manor Cranford and Lordship of Cranford Saint John, in the County of p"clo/jye Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; eUtwn* setting forth. That there are in the said Parish certain Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, they would be rendered of great advantage to the Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Gunning and Mr. Cartioright do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Samuel Dunn, Esquire, Lord of the Keadby Manor of Keadby, in the Parish of in the Isle J>ncjol, ir4

of Axholme and County of Lincoln, was presented to the m,tlon' House, and read; setting forth, That there are within the said Manor and Township an ancient Open Common and' Waste Lands, and also certain Open Field Lands, and it would be advantageous to the Persons interested therein, if the fame were divided and inclosed, and exchanges made of parts thereof: And therefore praying.

That leave may be given to bring in a.Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Ellison and Sir Gilbert Heathcote do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the.Parish An^Why of Anderby, in the County of Li was presented to Inc!°sure

the House, and read; setting forth, That there are in the PetltWM said Parish several Open Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands; and, if the fame were divided and inclosed, they might be much improved: And therefore praying. That leave may he given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Ellison, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, and Mr. Chapman, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Henry Lee Warner, Esquire, was pre- Swaton fented to (he House, and read; setting' fort h, That there Gcioiure are in the Parish of Swaton, in the County of Lincoln, Petition* several Commonable Waste Lands, and also a Common Fen; and it would be highly beneficial to the Persons interested therein, if the fame were divided and inclosed:

And 1 herefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That have be given to bring in a Bill, pur-funnt to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Ellison, Sir Gilbert Heathcote, and Mr. Chaplin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition

fcafton

Inclosure

Petition.

Snalctin* and Donington Rnd Petition,

Knarefto-

rough

Return-

Committee

Appointed.

Petition of Board of Agriculture.

27° Februarii.

A. 1805.

A Petition of several Persons interested in the Lands quaint the House, that the important purposes intended after-mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; by that Institution are carrying on, and are likely to be setting forth, That there are in the Parish of Easton, in attended with beneficial effects to the Public: And

the County of Lincoln, several Open Fields, an Open therefore praying, That they may be supported by a Failure, and other Uninclosed Lands and Grounds, and Grant for the present year, to such an amount as to the also certain Intercommon Lands within or belonging to House Shall seem meet.

the said Parish of Easton, and to the Parish of Co/Jlerworth, OrdThat the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

in the said County, all of which might be greatly im-

.proved if they were divided and inclosed; and it would A Petition of the Commissioners for making wide and Dublin Wid. also be advantageous to the Parties interested, if all the convenient Ways, Streets, and Passages, in the City of potion.*'" Lands in the said Parish of Easton, and the said Inter- Dublin, being offered to be presented to the House; common Lands, were exonerated from Tythes: And Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a- Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, hav-Bill for those purposes. >ng been informed of the contents of the said Petition,

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur- recommends it to the consideration of the House. suant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Ellison, Sir Gilbert , Heafhcote, and Mr. Chaplin, do pre- setting forth. That Commissioners were originally coniti-

parc, and bring in, the fame. tuted for making a convenient passage from Essex Bridge

to the Cable of Dublin, and by various subsequent Acts A Petition of several Trustees for executing two Acts, their objects and powers have been since extended, for made 4 and 24 Geo. III. for repairing and widening the improvement of the City of; and that, in the

the Roads from Spalding High Bridge, to the Market discharge of these trails, many debts were unavoidably in-Place in Donington, and from tire tenth mile stone in the eurred, in the necessary purchase and transfer of property;

Parish of Gojlertozcn, to the eighth mile stone in the and that there are still many improvements of importance,

Parish of Wigtoft, in the County of Lincoln, was pre- necessary to the accommodation of the trade and inhabi-ft nted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the tants of the said City, which have been frequently ap-Trustees have borrowed several sums of money on the proved of by the Parliament and successive Administrations credit of the Tolls, a considerable part of which still re- of Ireland, some in actual progress, and wdiich were mains due; and that the said debt cannot be paid off, adopted from a decided conviction of their necessity, and and the said Roads be effectually amended and kept in the many advantages to be derived therefrom: And there-repair, unless the term of the said Acts is continued, tome fore praying the House to make such Grant or local Tax of the powers and provisions thereof altered and enlarged, as may enable the Petitioners to discharge the sums due, and the l olls increased: And therefore praying, That and to carry into effect the improvements they have un-leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes dertaken in pursuance of the directions of the said Acts. aforesaid. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, and Pa- Sc Andrew;* the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear rifhioners, of the Parish of Saint Andreic, in the City of church"^ to them, to the House: Dublin, in Vestry assembled, being offered to be presented Petition.

And it is referred to Mr. Ellison, Sir Gilbert Heath- to the House ;. cote,&C.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Command, acquainted the I Iouie, That His Majesty, hav-Power to fend for persons, papers, and records. ing been informed of the contents of the said Petition,

recommends it to the consideration of the I louse.

The counsel and agents before-mentioned being re- Then the said Petition was brought up, and read > turned to the Bar, the Clerk appointed to attend the setting forth, That both the Houses of the Parliament of said Committee, delivered into the House a reduced lift; Ireland wrere situato within the said parish, to the church to which lift the nominees being added, the fame was of wdiich the Speaker and the Members'of the House of called over; and is as follows: Commons always resorted for the celebration of divine

Lord Henry Petty, Robert Adair, Esquire, LordVif- wor/hip on public and solemn occasions; and that in the count Boyle, the Lord Lovaine, Thomas Tyrwhitt, year 1793 the said Church, which had been built upwards Esquire, Thomas Foley, Esquire, Lord William Russell, of 130 years, was found to be in a very ruinous and dc-

Sir William Mcrdauiii Milner, Baronet, Lord Viscount cayed Hate, and great part thereof was obliged to be tak-Ebrington, the Lord O/ful/lon, Sir Robert Lawley, en down; and that the rebuilding of the said Church,

Baronet, Henry Holland, Esquire, the Honourable which is llill unfinished, has been attended with a very George Heneage Lawrence Dundas, the Honourable great Expence, part of which has been defrayed out of Charles Lawrence Dundas, the Honourable Charles money granted by Parliament for that purpose; and Grey. that the expence attending the said building has far ex-

And the said fifteen Members, being the Select Com- ceeded the expectations originally formed by the Petition-, mittee for trying the merits of the Petition concerning ers, and the Inhabitants are unable to bear such assess-the Knaresborough Return, were sworn by the Clerk at ments as would be necessary to finish the fame: And the Table in the usual manner. therefore praying for such further afilftance as to the

.And thereupon the counsel and agents withdrew. House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet forthwith, Ordered, That the said Petition do He upon the Table-’

in one of the Committee Chambers appointed for Insuring

the trials of controverted elections. A Petition of Henry Ormflty, Esquire, Marshal of the Petition of

Four Courts in the City of Dublin, being offered to be A Petition of the President and Members of the Board presented to the'House; of Agriculture, being ottered to be presented to the Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s House; Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s having been informed of the contents of the said Petition,

Command, acquainted the House, That Ills Majesty, recommends it to the consideration of the House. having been informed of the cements of the said Petition, Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; set-recommends it to the consideration of the House. ting forth, That, since the Petitioner’s appointment as

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Marshal of the Four Courts, several Insolvent Bills hav» setting forth, That His Majesty having been pleased, in been passed in Ireland, and the Petitioner did receive conseqtience of an Address from this House, to consti- from the IParliament compensation at throe different lute, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, a Board of times for his Losses occasioned thereby; and that since the Agriculture for promoting the internal improvement of Petitioner received such compensation three Insolvent the Country, the Petitioners have the satisfudion to ac- Bills have been palfed, viz. one in the Eft Session of the

Irish

!;:w

r’Ar

J*"1 ‘o

3UUV

Hr,

hr*;

S

45CKO. Ilf;

27° Febru

8 9

counts nting to t An?iy> dered.

Irish Parliament, and two by the Parliarneiit of the United Kingdom, by which Acts the Petitioner.has been deprived of the rent and fees of the several Porfous so discharged out of Ins custody; and that the Petitioner has only a final I salary, out of which he is obliged' to pay ycarl?' house rent,; taxes. Deputy Marshal, hatch men, coals, candles, and other expences: And therefore praying the House to make him cumpensation for the above-mentioned lofies, or to increase his salary, as shall seem most meet.

Ch-dcra/, ThaMhe said Petition do lie ripon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the number of Men deficient under the Army of Ueferve Act on 29th June 1804.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Deficiencies in the several Regiments of the Militia of Great Britain, distinguishing between the original and Supplementary Militia, at the present time.

Ordered, That, there be laid before this House, an Account of all Bounties paid to Parish Officers under Act 44 Geo. 111. c. 56. f. 20.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Penalties assessfed upon Parishes in Great Britain, by order of the General Quarter Sessions, for Deficiencies, under Act 44 Geo. III. c. 56.

_/■ Duty on 01 Horles.

The House was moved; That the Resolution, wlpch Addition*! upon Monday last was reported from the Committee the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted io His Majesty, and was then agreed To by the House, might be again read. . -

And the fame was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz,

" Resolved, That,' towards raising the Supply granted

" to His Majesty, an additional Duty of sixpence be " charged upon every Hocfe, Mare, or Gelding (not " being chargeable with Duty as a Horse, Mare, or " Gelding kept for the purpose of riding, or for the " purpose of drawing any coach, berlin, landau, chariot,

" calalb, chaise, or other carriage, by whatsoever name " such carriage is now' or hereafter may be called or " known) and upon every Mule kept by any person or persons." t

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Coim-mittee, That they have power to make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate on the Question,

That the House do agree with the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the merits of" the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return tIie

for the County of Middlesex, in the first Resolution of the Middlesex.

Day appointed for reluming Debate

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of any separate Rates raised in any Parishes in said Committee, be resumed upon Friday next Great Britain under Act; 44 Geo. III. c. 56. ,f. 34.

AddreG for Copies of Circular Letters to Lieutenant# of Counties,

Other Accounts rehting to the Army, ordered.

Resolved, That an humble Addressbe presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously plpafid to give directions that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Circular Letters addressixl by any of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of Slate to His Majesty’s Lieutenants of Counties, lvfpeeting the execution of Act 44 Geo. III. c. 56.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the number of Men raised under the Defence Act, ftnee the last Return.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of all General Instructions from the 1 nfpeftor General of the Army of Reserve, to the Persons appointed by him tri alftft the Lieutenancy of Counties in the execution of Act 44 Geo. III. c. 56.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Repairs done to the Romney when ilie was fitted out in September and October 1800 for Sir tiomc Popham, together with the expence attending the fame. •

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Repairs and Alterations made in the malls and hull of the Romney, in the months of October, November, and December 1800, together with the expende attending the fame. \

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Iateft Report of Survey, or other Document, which w ill shew the actualftate of the hull of His Majesty’s strip Sensible, previous to her failing for the East Indies in December 1800—also, an Account of the expence of her repaid in the year 1800, and the amount of the stores with which (he was supplied from the time of her being put into commission to that of her leaving England in December 1809. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an As-

Further

Papers

respecting Sir Home Popham, ordered.

MiiMlefex Lie :t un— {llC

CohUderauon . of Peution Of tomorrow.

count of all Repairs which were done to th or

ti, j t'i t *1 , r\ ~ other Chips, under the command of Sir Home Popham, at

1 he House was moved, That the Order, mane upon 0

> n,i f, 1 \ c. . ...j T the tape of Good Hope in the year x801, in which Ache 20th day of January last, for taking into consideration, , /, cr . v> c I n- ,

■ J - ~ - * - - - count the expence of such Repairs for each ship are to be

the Petition of the several Persons, whose

fttthoUcrt, 4csrred.

orfts tits Bill, atniutd.

Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders of the County of Middlesex, and claiming to have had a Right

to vote at the last Election for that County, complaining

of an undue Election and Return for the said County,

*/ 9

might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into eonfide-ration upon Thursday the 25th day of April next, at three of the clock in the afternoon.

-Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their attendance accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Horses and Mules, and for

particularized—also, an Account of all Stores supplied or purchased at the Cape of Good Hope in the year 1801 for the Romney, or other thips, under the orders of Sir Home Popham; specifying the qualities, quantities, and expence of the fame for each particular ship.. (

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a. particular and detailed Account of all the Naval Stores purchased by Mr. Spearman in the Red Sea, together vyitn such other disbursements as he made there, with, the vouchers for the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, flaring the time of service in the Navy of David Eicen Bartholomew, late Master’s Mate of His Majesty’s ship Rommy, his several ratings, entries, and discharges, and the number of times lie received the bounty during

consolidating the said additional Duties with the present the last war; together with the names of the Captains of Duties thereon, be now' read a second time:—The said the ships in which he fervi d.

Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

• Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Order by which the said David Eicen Bartholomew acted as Mailer of the Romney at Calcutta; with an account of the occasion of the absence of the M aft or or acting Matter, and the period during which the said David Eicon Bartholomexv acted in his place.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy

the said Bill.

aion: Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com- of the Order given by the Lords Commissioners of the Ad-

bide the mittee, That they have power to divide the said Bill into miralty for turning over to different ships the Petty O Ulcers two Bills, if they think fit. and Seamen of the Romney, dated in May or June 1803.

VOL. 60. A a Ordered,

90

27° Februarii.

A. 1805.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account stating the time of service in the Navy of David, D^en Bartholomew since he was taken by a press-gang in December 1803, as far as the Books in the Navy Office will admit, wherein is to be expressed any R's which may have been placed against his name, together with the Copies of the Orders to the Navy Board (if any such were received) for taking off the Ks that were placed against him.

Petition of A Petition of William Mitchel, Esquire, a Captain in MitSd His Majesty’s Navy, formerly commanding His Ma-refijeOing the jesty's ship Zealand, at the Nore, was presented to the of House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner has Bartholomew. been informed, and believes, that an affidavit of David Eicon Bartholomew, formerly Mailer’s Mate of His Majesty’s ship Romnetj, commanded by Captain Sir Home * Popham, YL.'M.. hath been laid before the House, in which said affidavit are contained divers false llatements and misrepresentations, reflecting upon the condufit of the Petitioner towards the said David Bartholomew,

whilst he was on board the said ship Zealand; and the Petitioner having felt himself moll seriously aggrieved by such attempt to dishonour him in the Opinion of the House and the Country, has, in justification of his character, made an affidavit of all the fa6ts and circumstances relating to the conduct of the Petitioner towards the said David Eioen Bartholomew whilst he was on board the said ship Zealand, which he has transmitted to Mr. Marfden (the Secretary to the Admiralty). to be laid before the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty: And therefore praying the House will take the premises into their con-nderation, and either by directing a copy of the said affidavit, together with copies of the letters thereunto annexed, to be laid before the House, or by examining the Petitioner at the Bar, or by such other mode as the House shall in its justice think meet, afford the Petitioner an opportunity of vindicating his character from the imputations thrown upon it by the above-mentioned affidavit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Affidavit, he. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies ordered. of the Affidavit and Letters referred to in the said Petition.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Certificate of David Ewen Bartholomew having passed his examination for a Lieutenant.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extract of the Muller Book of His Majesty’s ffiip Enterprize for December 1803, relating to the taking David Ewen Bar-tholomeio by a press gang.

Further Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Correspondence between the Admiralty Board and sirHOTM the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, on the subject of the

Popham, Papers relating to Sir Home Popham, referred by the Admiralty to the said Commissioners.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Date of the Return of the said Papers from the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry to the Admiralty or Navy Board.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of any Examinations taken before the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, on the subject of the said Papers.

Orderea, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Bills drawn by the Naval Officer at Calcutta, or by any other person, on account of the Romney, Sen-fblc, or other Ships under the command of Sir Home ham, in the years 1801 and 1802; specifying the particular Ships for which they were drawn, so far as the Bills or Accounts in Office will admit.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Letters from the Navy Board to the Secretary of the Board of Admiralty, relative to the acceptance of Bills, or any expence incurred by Sir Home Popham, for the Romney, Sensible, or other Ships under his command in the East Indies, in the years 1801 and 1802.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Letters from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, or from the Secretary to the Board of Admiralty, directing the Navy Board to im eftignte the Accounts of Sir Home Popham.

ordered.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve it- Mutiny Bill, self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill defcrlt<1, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Efti- Ireland— mates of the expence of the repairs of Saint Church, Dublin;—and of the Commissioners for making Service*,

wide and convenient Streets in the City of Dublin. ordered.

A Petition of several Planters, Merchants, Mortgagees, Petition* Annuitants, and others, interested in the Wcji India g^Trede

Colonies, was presented to the House, and read; taking Bill s notice of the Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at Weft j0(ja a time to be limited; and setting forth. That the Trade Planters, ate, to Africa for Labourers has been, for a great number of years, approved, sanctioned, and encouraged by repeated Acts of Parliament, and by Legislative Declarations; and that the British West India Colonies were settled, and have ever continued to be cultivated, under the solemn faith of those Laws, and of Royal Proclamations, alluring to the Colonists the continuance of this Trade; and that the cultivation of those Colonies cannot be carried on without a supply of African labourers; and that the settling of the interior of the Islands, which is greatly conducive to their safety, cannot be promoted if the Slave Trade should be abolished; and that, if the Bill should be passed into a Law, the Petitioners are convinced that the worst consequences will ensue from it, destructive in their tendency, not only to the properties of the Briti/k Planters, and of their Creditors, whose fortunes have assisted in opening the Plantations in those Islands, and are now secured upon them, but also injurious to the interests of the British Empire at large; and the Petitioners submit, that, if the said Bill should be passed into a Law, provision should be made iri it for due enquiry into the Losses which shall be sustained by them, and full compensation for the dellruftion or diminiffied value of their property: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pals into a Law, and that they may be heard, at the Bar of the House, by themselves or counsel, against the fame, and that they may be permitted to produce evidence.

A Petition of Edmund Pufct) Lyon, Esquire, Agent for Agent for the Island of Jamaica, w’as also presented to the House, Januuc»* and read; likewise taking notice of the said Bill; and setting forth, That the proceedings relative-to this meo.-sure, which have recently taken place, have filled the minds of his Constituents with the greatest uneasiness and alarm; and that the Colony of Jamaica was settled, and has continued to be cultivated, under the faith of Royal Proclamations and Charters, and of various Act of Parliament, fan&ioning and encouraging the trade to Africa for procuring labourers, and containing assurances of a conllant supply; and that the cultivation of the plantations of his Constituents cannot be carried on without a continuance of this trade; that the settling the interior of Jamaica is highly necessary to its safety; and that many Coffee settlements have been opened within a few years in that part of the Island, which cannot be cultivated with any prospect of advantage, if the British Legislature shall withhold a supply of African labourers; and the Petitioner submits, that the said Bill, if it should be passed, ought to contain a provision lor due enquiry being made into the Losses which shall be sustained by his Constituents, apd for full compensation for the definition or diminished value of their property: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that he may be heard, at the Bar of the House, by himself or his counsel, against the fame, and.that he may be permitted to produce evidence.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Fofierpresented to the House, by His Majesty s Ireland—

Estimates of

command, Miscellaneoiu

Efti mate of the exponce of the Linen Board, from 5 th Services* January 1805 to 5th January 1806: And also, preiemed.

Estimate

45 Geo. Ill* 27® Febr. *91

Estimate of the expences of Civil Buildings, for one year, from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806: And

alfO, , .;

Estimate of the expence of printing and binding 250

copies of the Acts 45 Geo. Ill;: And also,

Estimate of the expence of publiftiing Proclamations, &c. in the Dublin Gdzette and other Newspapers, for one

year, ending 5th January 1806: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Printing, Stationary, and other distmrfements, for the chief and under Secretary's Offices and Apartments, and other Public Offices in Dublin Castle, &c. and for the riding charges and other expences of the Deputy Pursuivantsand extra Messengers attending the said Offices, for one year, from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806: And also,

Estimate of theprobable Charge for Treasury Incidents in Ireland, for one year, from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806: And also,

Estimate of the probable expence of apprehending Public Offenders in Ireland, for one year, from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806: And also,

Estimate of the probable expence of criminal prosecutions and other Law Expences in Ireland, for one year, from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806: And also,

Estimate of the probable Expenditure at His Majesty’s Gold Mine at Croag in the County of Wicklow, Ireland, from ill January 1805 to iff January

1806.

Mr. Foster also presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Estimate of the expence of supporting the Protestant Charter Schools of Ireland, for one year, from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806; And also,

Estimate of the expence of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin, for one year, from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 18061 And also,

Estimate of the probable charge of the Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin, for one year, ending 5th January 1806: And also,

Estimate of the sum requisite to maintain the Hibernian School for Soldiers Children, for one year, from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806, and to provide for the deficiency on the Estimate of Parliamentary Grant for the year ending 5th January 1805: And'also,

Estimate of the expence of the Female Orphan House, Circular Road, Dublin, for one year, from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806, for one hundred and forty children: And also,

Estimate of expences proposed to be incurred by the Association for discountenancing Vice, &c. for one year, from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806: And also, Estimatfcof the expences for supporting the Westmorland Lock Hospital in Dublin, for one year, from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806: And also,

Estimate of the expence of supporting the House of Industry, Dublin, from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806: And also,

Estimate of the expence of maintaining eighty patients in the House of Recovery and Fever Hospital, Cork Street, Dublin, for one year, commencing 5th January 1805: And also,

Estimate of the expence of the Lying-in Hospital, Dublinyfor one year, from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806: And also,

Estimate for necessary repairs of Madam Siemens's Hospital: And also,

Estimate of the expence of fitting-up and supporting a Penitentiary in Dublin for employment of persons sentenced to transportation, and young criminals convicted in a fnmmay way before Justices of the Peace, for one year, from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806: And also,

Estimate of the expence of the Dublin Society, for the year 1805: And also,

Estimate of the expences of the Farming Society of Ireland, for one year, ending 5th January 1806: And

also,

Estimate of the expence of the Office of the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests, for one Vox.. 60.

year, from 5th Jahfuary 1805 to 5th January 1806: Arid also,

Estimate of the expenoe of the Commissioners foe making wide and convenient Streets in the City of for one year, from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806, and of their Annual Funds: And also,

Estimate of the Charge Of Roman Catholic Seminary in Ireland, for one year, ending 5th January 1806: And also,

Estimate for building the intended Hall for the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Estimatesdo lie upon the Table.

The said Estimates are inserted in the Appendix to Appendix, this volume; (No. 23.)

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac1 Account of count of the Amount of the Notes of the Governor and y^,otes' Company of the Bank of England in circulation on the 15th day of each month, from December 1803 to 15th February 1805, inclusive distinguishing the Notes und£f five pounds.

A Petition of the Dock Company at Kingston-t(poH- Hull bocks Hull, under their common seal, was presented to the Petition. House, and read; setting forth. That an Act was passed 14 Geo. III. for making a Bason or Dock, together with a Quay or Wharf, and other works, at the Pert of Kingston-upon-Hull; and another Act was passed 42 Geo. III. for amending the said Act, and for making additional Basons or Docks at the said Port, with an entrance into the fame from the River Humber; and that the said works cannot be completed, unlefr powers be given to the said Company to raise a further sum of money for that purpose; and that the powers and provisions of the said Acts having been in many respects defective, it is necessary that the fame should be altered and enlarged 1 And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to than, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Samuel Thornton, Mr. tCil*-berforce, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for person9, papers, and records.

Mr. Huflciffon presented to the House, according to Property Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Du-* Duties ties on the amount of Assessments to be charged on the prefrttt,*‘ Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Bin for railing whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the sum of *®um.*?y twenty-two millions five hundred thousand pounds, by reported?*’ way of Annuities, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistant9, of London the Company of Bakers of the City of London, was pre- ®akt.r3 fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the etltiOC Price and Assize of Bread made and fold in the City of

London,

Report of bit Session, referred.

Petition of London Carmen*

92

27° FebruariL

A, i&OJ.

London, and within ten miles of the1 Royal Exchange, is at present regulated by an Act made 37 III. and that art additional duty was laid upon Sait by an Act of 38 Geo. III.; in consequence of which, by another Act; made in the same year, an additional allowance was made to the Petitioners to long as the said duty should lait; and that, since the parting of these Acts, every article used in the Baking Trade has sustained a most rapid and heavy advance; and that the profit of the Baker being thus materially diminished, and at the same time the eXpences of himself and family increased by the advanced price of all the necessaries of life, taxes, house rent, &c. the Petitioners are compelled to apply to the House for such further increase to their allowance as will give them that fair profit intended to be secured to them by the Assize Laws; and that, in consequence of the proposed new Duty on Salt, the price of that article has been materially increased, which makes a further confulerable increase of expence to the Petitioners on every sack of Flour manufactured by them into Bread: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill further to amend the said Act of 37 Geo. III. by adding one half an Artize to the present allowance for making and baking ' of Bread, and also by giving to the Petitioners an adequate allowance for the additional expence incurred by them in the manufacturing of Bread by reason of the said increased price of Salt, so long as the same shall continue, bat no longer.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-fuleration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 27th day of April in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Company of Baker's of the City of London, and the Trade at large, inhabiting the said City, and within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, was referred, be referred to the said Committee. •

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to report their observations, from time to time, to the House.

A Petition of the Wardens and Assistants of the Fellowship of Carmen of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, made 40 Geo. III. for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater accommodation and security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue within the Port of London, certain powers and authorities were given for the making of satisfaction and compensation for the loss and damage that the Free Carmen of the City of London might fufiain determined by means of the Trade or Business carried on from the present legal Quays, and from the other Quays and Wharfs called Public Foreign Sufferance Wharfs, being diverted; and' that such Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, are now nearly completed, and the Trade and Business from such Quays and Wharfs is now diverting, to the great injury of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners conceive the powers and authorities of the said Act, directing such satisfaction and compensation to be made, are fallacious: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of the said Act as directs such satisfaction and compensation to be made to the Petitioners, and that they may enjoy the like exclusive Right and Privilege of working Carts for hire from such Wet Docks, Baibns, Cuts, and Works, as they enjoyed from the legal Quays and Public Foreign Sufferance Wharfs.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it flmll appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Manning, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morn-

ing, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. Long reported to the House, That their Ad- Answer to dress of the 19th day of February lad (that II is Addrest-Majesrv would be graciously pleased to give directions that the Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His' Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that lie will give directions accordingly.

Mr. Diekinson, junior, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

A Return of the Number of Spanish Prisoners now iri this Kingdom; distinguishing those who were detained previous to the Declaration of War, by the Government on the 12th December 1804, and those vvl»o were Passengers from those who were Officers or Privates in the Navy or Army: And also,

Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Commissioners for the Trnnsport Service, dated 23d January 1803, to consider the Officers and Men detained in Spanish Ships as Prisoners of War, and to intimate to them that their priv ate property will be restored.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

The said Papers are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Papers respecting Spanish Prisoners, preifcntei

Jppendt r,

(No. 30.;

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Woollen Cloth, in petitions the County of York: And also, * from

A Petition of the Clothworkers and Shearmen of the Xiatingto'tte Counties of York, Somerset, Gbuecjier, and Wilts; of the Woollen Weavers of the Counties of Somerset, Gloucester, and Manufacturt-Wills, and other Parts of the United Kingdom; and of the Clothiers of the County of York;:

Were severall v presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That some of the Law's relating to' the Woollen Manufacture have become obsolete through length of time, and others require explanation and amendment: And therefore pray-'

, ing,. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend and explain certain Laws relating to' that Manufacture.

: And the said Petitions were severally ordered

to lie upon the Table.

irk, was presented to forth, That the Parish a very ancient building, and and inconveniently situated

Petition.

A Petition of the Patron, Vicar, Owners of Estates, Huddersfield and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Huddersfield, in the Churcl AYfeft Riding of the County of Yo. the House, and read; setting Church of Huddersfield is now in a ruinous condition,

for the Inhabitants of the said Pari 111, and Ihe Cemetry thereto belonging wants considerably enlarging; and that the building of anew Church in a more convenient situation, and providing an additional Cemetery thereto, would be a great benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Parish: And therefore praying. That‘leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Taid Petition be referred to the con- . sideration of a Committee: And that, they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilber force, Mr. Henry Laf cel/es, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend dor persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Proprietors of the Low Lain Is , lying near, and adjoining to, the several Drains or Watorconrfes called The Dam Hahholm-Dike,

Ditch, Fox Dike, and I.ennertnn Carr within the several Parishes, Townships, or Places, of Selby, Uranian, Thorp-WiVoughby, Hambleton, South Mi'forth,

Park, Widow, Careood, llcJl-Park, Ijenverton,

Biggin, Church-Fen’on, Barkfon-.1 fh, and Litlle Fenian,

in the West Riding of the County of York, v\ as presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the several 13 Drains

Dnin.i^ Petition.

45 Geo. III. 2? Febr. 93

Drains or Watercourses above-mentioned are out of repair, by which reason the Lands lying contiguous thereto are subject to be overflowed; and that the Wear or Dam adjoining to the Soke Mill at Selby, dams up the said Water; and the Low Lands lying near and adjoining to the said Dams, cannot be effectually drained without taking away the fame; and that if the said Lands were effectually drained, the Persons interested therein might considerably improve the fame: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-fidevation of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Henry Laf-

celles,&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Poihge Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Duties Bill, wj10je House, to whom the Bill for granting certain additional Rates and Duties on the conveyance of Letters, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to determined by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

groiTed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To -morrow.

Berwick A Petition of several Persons in fere fled in the Common Ptutiun* or Ground herein after mentioned, was presented

to the He.;fe, and read; setting forth, That there is, in the Township of Befioick, in the Parish of in

the East Riding of the County of a certain Open

Common, or AVafte Ground, called and it

would tend greatly to the advantage of the Petitioners, if the fame was divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-

I suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lafcclles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

GowtWpe A Petition of the Reverend Thomas Cutler Peutm.' Trad, Clerk, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, That there are within the Township of Gowfhorpe, in the Parish of Wilton, in the Faff

Riding of the County of York, divers Open and Un-inclosed Common Fields, Lands, Grounds, and Stinted Pastures, and also certain inclosed Lands; and that the fame would be rendered more valuable, if divided and: inclosed, and a compensation made for the Tythes of the same Township: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes. i Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pnr-

■ suant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

1 Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

j A Petition of the Reverend Thomas Cutler Rudstone

Petition. Bead, Clerk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are in the Manor and Township of Sand Hutton, in the Parish of in the North

Riding of the County of York, certain Stinted Pastures, Moors, Commons, Waste Grounds, and Open and Un-inclosed Lands; and that the fame might be rendered more advantageous to the Persons interested therein, if they were divided and inclosed, and power given to exchange Lands: And then fore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

V©L 6o,

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners of Lands and Premises, Threth field, in the Townships of Threfhfield and Ski and

Burn fa I in Wharf dale, in the West Riding of the County Petition, of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in the said Townships, there is a certain Common, called Thr eft field Common, and several detached small pieces of Commonable I.ands, Stinted Pastures, Uninclosed Grounds, and some TownfieM or Open Field Lauds; and if the said Common was inclosed, and reduced to a Stinted Pasture, and the Commonable Lands were fold, and the said Stinted Pastures, Open Fields, and Uninclosed Lands, were divided and inclosed, and a power given to exchange Lands in the said Townships, the fame would be rendered of much greater value than they now' are: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustcos for executing two A 61s, Lewi and made in the ill and 22d years of His Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from White Cross, in the Parish of petition. Leven in Holderness, in the Euft Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Beverley, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Road cannot be elieftual’y amended and kept in

repair, unless the term of the said Acts is further continued, and the powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the eon-sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Henn/ Lascelles, See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Owners of F.ftafos in the Parish sconlton of Scoultcn, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to Inclosure

the House, and read; setting forth, That there are in the PetlUon* said Parish certain Whole Year Lands, Open Fields, Commons, and Waffe Lands; and it would be advantageous to the Persons interested therein, if the fame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying.

That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, puih suant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Jacob Henry Aftley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, and Sir Martin Browne Folkes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners of Efta^in the Parishes Gillingham, of Gillingham Saint Mary, Gillingham All

and Windell, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to pept°ion?

the House, and read; setting forth, That there are in the said Parishes divers Open and Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Fen Lands, Doles, Stinted Commons, and Waste Lands; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, they might be improved: And therefore praying.

That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those pui poses.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Jacob Hairy Aftley and Sir Martin Browne Folkes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parish Outweii of Ontwell, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is in the said Parish a certain Common, called Cottons or Cotts Common; and it will be of great advantage

B b to

94

27°—28°

Februarii.

A. 1805.

Mareham

Inclosure

Petition.

Kennet and Avon Canal Petition.

Proceedings on East India Judicature Act.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Supply,

deferred.

Facnol Inclosure, Sec. Petition,

to the Persons intorested therein, if the fame was divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for tliofc purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Jacob Henry Aflley and Mr. Yorke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parish 6f Mareham Supra, in the County of Lincoln, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are in the said Parish several Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and Waste Grounds; and that by an Act lately paired for dividing a certain Fen in the said County, called Wildtnore Fen, into parochial or other general allotments, an Allotment or parcel of Land, part of the said Fen, will be set out as part of the said Parish of Mareham Supra; and that it would be of great advantage to all Parties concerned, if the said Lands, and also the said allotment or parcel of Land, when set out in Fen, were to be divided amongst the several Persons inte-relled therein, and if all the Lands in the said Parish were discharged of Tythes by an adequate compensation in lieu thereof: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Samuel Smith and Mr. Chaplin do prepare, and bring in, Ihe fame.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by four Acts, made 34, 36, 38, and 41 Geo. III. the Petitioners were authorized to make the said Canal, and to raise money for that purpose; and that the Petitioners find it impracticable to procure any farther fiuns of money for carrying on and completing the said Canal in the manner authorized by the said Acts; and it will he necessary that some alterations and amendments should be made in the said Acts: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the I loufe:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Charles Dun-'

das, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

' Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clcrk had prepared, and laid upon the Table, a List of the names of all the Members of the House, who had delivered in Lifts, in pursuance of the directions of an Act, passed 26 Geo. III. for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in the East Indies, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Befolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, rc-solve itself into a Committee of the whole Iloufe, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Befolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, 28° die;

Anno 45°Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1805. Prayers.

A PETITION of several Owners of Estates in the Township of Faenol, in the Parish of and

County of Merioneth, was presented to the House, and

read; setting forth, That there arc in the said Township certain Common Fields, Marsh Lands, and Waste Lands; and if the fame were inclosed, divided, drained, and embanked, it would tend greatly to the benefit of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, ptir-suant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Jodrrll and Sir Robert Salusbury do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Road Hoiiinwood from IloHinwood, in the Township of Chadderton, to Fea-then ft all, in the Township of I landers field, in the County Ro-h< Bin* Palatine of Lancaster, and for making and maintaining P^-

several Branches of Road to communicate therewith, was read the third time.

Refilled, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from rvood, in the Township of Chadderton, to in

the Township of Hunt lersfteld, in the County Paiatine of Lancaster, and for making and maintaining several Branches of Road to communicate therewith.

Ordered, That Mr. Blaekburne of Lancashire do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Justices of the Camwthoi Peace, Burgesses, Inhabitants, LandOwners, and Proprie-tors of Lands and Houses, in the County of the Borough * of Carmarthen, and also the Justices of the Peace, and several of the Freeholders, of the County of Carmarthen, was presented to the Iloufe, and read; setting forth. That an Act was passed 32 Geo. III. for building a new Gaol and House of Correction for the Town and County Borough of Carmarthen, and for other purposes; and that several powers and provisions in the said Act have been found inconvenient and defective, and it is neccft'ary that such powers and provisions should be repealed, or altered and enlarged; and that loon after the passing of the said Ai t, the old Gaol of the said County Borough was taken down, and the Prisoners were removed to and confined in the Gaol of the County; and that the said Gaol or House of Correction being, from its situation, extent, and accommodation, proper and sufficient to contain the Prisoners of the County Borough, as well as those of the County of Carmarthen, it will be of mutual advantage and convenience, if the fame should be the Gaol and House of Correction for the said County Borough as well as for the said County: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-fuieration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, ns it shall appear to them, to the Iloufe:

And it is referred to Mr. Hamlyn Williams, Sir William Paxton, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; ami have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the County and Carmarthen County of the Borough of Carmarthen, was presented to the House, anti read; setting forth, That the periods peUuwL limited for taking Salmon and other Fish by Acts 13 Edw. I. £f 13 Ric. II. are not suited to the Fisheries for Salmon, Salmon Peal or Salmon kind, Sewen Bouges or Sea Trout, or to the protection of the Spawn or Fry of Salmon, in the several Rivers in the said County and County Borough; and that it will be of great advantage to the Owners of the Fisheries in such Rivers, and to the Inhabitants of the said County and County Borough, if further provisions be made for the better preservation of Salmon and other Fish in the said Rivers: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hamlyn Williams, Sir William

Sr.trbrmigh

paving, &c. pet iriv»n.

Stamton Dale

Inclosure

Petition*

Ipswich Port Petition.

45 Geo. III.

£8° Februarii.

95

Vam Paxton, Sec.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morn in,?, at nine of the dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for pevfons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Coroners, and Chamberlains of the Town or Borough of Scarbrough, in the North Riding of the Count)' of York, and of several Persons redding in or near the said Town or Borough, was pre* fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the several Streets and other public Passages and Places in the said Town, arc not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and there are various encroachments, ob-flmetions, annoyances, and nuisances, in the said Streets and other places, and many disorders and irregularities are committed there in the night time; and that it w ould tend greatly to the accommodation and convenience of the Petitioners, and all others refuting in, or resorting to, the said Town, if a fnflieient number of Hackney Coaches and Chairs, Porters, Coal Carriers, Water Carriers, Trucks, Carts, and other Carriages therein, were been fed and regulated, and if proper powers were granted for fi’pplying the said Town with Water from a certain spring of water called Sionehaggs, situate in the Township and Parish of Seamer, in the said lbiling, and also if proper powers yore granted for improving the present approaches into the said Town; and that it would be a great convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Town, and would tend to the support and encouragement of useful credit in the fame, if a more speedy and effectual method for the recovery of Small Debts were established therein: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-fkleration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General Lord Robert Man-

ners, Sec.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Owners of F.flatos in the Manor and Township of S/ainfon Dale, in the Parish of Sea Hu,1, in the North Hiding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are in the said Manor and Township certain Open Commons and Waste Grounds, which might be greatly improved, if the fame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, Thai leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that General Phipps and Lord Robert Manners do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Merchants and Traders redding in or near the Town and Borough of in the County of Suffb'k, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth. That the Port of the said Town is very incommodious and unsafe for Ships and Vessels, and inadequate to the Trade and Commerce thereof; and that the approach from the Sea to the said Port by the River Oricell is become inconvenient and dangerous; and if the said Port was deepened, widened, and improved, and proper regulations made for the mooring and unmooring, loading and unloading, of Ships and Vessels, and for the safety of Goods and Merchandize on the Wharfs and Quays belonging to the said Port, and for the Government and good conduct of all persons employed on the said River, or plying in the said Town, and also for removing and preventing nuisances and encroachments in the liberties of the said River, Town, or Port, tlte fame would be very beneficial to the Persons con-. corned in the Trade amt Commerce thereof, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying. That leavemay be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Coxnmittee: And that they do examine Vol. 6o.

&c. Road Petition.

the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And.it is referred to Sir William Middleton, Sir Thomas Charles Banbury, Sec.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Persons, Freeholders, Heritors, Dunfermline, and Inhabitants, refilling in or near the several parishes or places herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Road leading from Dunfermline Northwards by , Gajk, Nixing-

ston, C'ei/h, and Tillibole, in the Parishes of Dunfermline. and Brail;, in the County of Fife, and in the Parishes of Clei/h, Kinross, and Foffinvax/and Tillibole, in the County of Kinro/s, is at present in a very bad state of repair; and if the fame was made Turnpike, and proper powers given to levy Tolls thereon, and to amend and improve the fame, it would be of great advantage to the Petitioners, and of public utility; and that the making and maintaining of a Road in a line running Ealt-ward from the high Road near the Village of Saline by the Lands of Band rum. Tunnygq/h, and to the

new Road known by the name of The Slone Road, which leads by the lands of Coch’an, and joins the great Turnpike Road leading from Sneensferry to Perth at or near the Village of Ketty, in the several Parishes of Saline, Dunfermline, and lleath, in the County of Fife, and to form a junction between the said last mentioned Road, and the Turnpike Road which leads from to Kinross by the Brook of Devon, would be the means of opening a better communication with the several Towns and Places in the neighbourhood thereof: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General Clcphane, Mr. Dick/bn.

Sec.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to feud for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Owners of Ell at os in the Town- Dudlefton, Blips, Manor, or Lordship, herein after mentioned, was &c. presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That petluonT there are in the several Townships of Dudlejlun, If ton Rhyn, and Weston Rhyn, in the Parishes of Ellesmere and Saint Martins, and in the Manor or Lordship of Trayan, otherwise Traian, in the County of Salop, certain Commons and Walie Lands; and if the fame were divides;! and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Persons interested therein: And therefore prat ing, That leave may he given-to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Kynaston Powell and Sir Richard Hill do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petit ion of John Orr, Alexander Maccalifer, and Hugh Thomson, Bnillics, and of several Owners and Occupiers of Houses in the Burgh of Paifey, in the County of Renfrew, and the suburbs thereof, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That it would tend much to the accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said Burgh, and of other Persons resorting thereto, if new streets were opened and formed, the other Streets, Lanes, and Passages, enlarged and improved, and the whole properly watched, paved, lighted and cleansed; if fresh Water was brought in for the use of the Inhabitants, a Bridewell or Workhouse cre6ted for confining and punishing Offenders, and certain rules established for conducting and regulating the Police and Markets of the said Burgh and its suburbs: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for tire purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine

Palfley Paving, &e. Petition.

96

28° Februarih

A. 1805.

mine the matter thereof; anti report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. M Mr. Robert Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Stirling Roads, £c. Petition,

Eckimjtofl

Inclomre

Petition.

EaA Mailing,

&c.

Irvclosure

Petition.

A Petition of the Catron Company, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Roads fronri the River Avon, in the Parish of , to the -

land Gate, in the Parish of Airth, passing through the the Parishes of Slamannan, Polmont, Falkirk, Larbert, Bothkenner, and Airth, all in the County of Stirling, are at present in bad repair; and it would be a great advantage to the agriculture, commerce, and improvement of the said County, if proper Roads were made from the said River of Avon to the said Crookldnd Gate, and if powers were given for opening a Passage through the Town of Falkirk, in the di rest ion of the said Road, for applying the statute labour towards'supporting the said Turnpike Road, and for paving and lighting the said Opening, and the Villages of and:

And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Macdoxmll, Mr. Boyd Alexander, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Proprietors of uninclosed and Commonable Land, in the Parish of Eckington in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Parish cor.tains several Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Land, which would be much increased in value by a Division and Inclosure thereof: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Rill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Plumer and Mr. John William Ward do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners of Lands in the Parishes of East Mailing and Teflon, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are in the said Parishes certain Commons and Waste Grounds, and if the fame were divided and inclosed, great advantage would be derived therefrom: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Geary and Mr. Watson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Canal Society A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there-}'eiition.ratI°n un subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the cou-sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Geary, Mr. Watson, &c.: And they &re to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine o’clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

infa

istfrill

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Broadwater, Broadwater in the County vd'Suffer, was read a iecond time. incioiureBiii,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lloyd,

Sir Cecil li if sharp, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Persons interested in the Open cherry Orton fend Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and ^ldoUlre Waste Grounds, ill the Parish of Over ton , e"tl0D>

otherwise called Cherry Orton, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That it would tend greatly to the advantage of the Petitioners, if the said Lands were divided and inclosed, and if the said Parish was exonerated from Tythes: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. . Mainwaring, Mr. Yorke, and Lord Charles

Manners, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

*B!TK2

I*"

akfee

feai

A Petition of several Persons interested in the Open Alwalton and Common Fields, Meadows, Commons, Waste Grounds, and other Open and Uninclosed Lands in the Pari Or of Akcalfon, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That it would tend greatly to the advantage of the Petitioners, if the said Lands were divided and inclosed, and if the said Parish was exonerated from Tythes: And therefore praying, The* leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mainwaring, Lord Viscount Hin and Lord Frederick Montagu, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

fen

1

setting forth, That, under divers Acts, Canals for the purpose of Navigation had been begun in various parts Of Great Britain, several of which, from different causes, but more especially from a deficiency in their respective funds, and the extreme didiculty they labour under in raising Money to complete their undertakings, remain unfinished, and they are thereby rendered, to a certain degree, more or less useless to the Public, and ruinous to the holders of shares in such undertakings; and that the Petitioners are desirous of forming themselves into a society or corporation, and to raise amongst themselves, by subscription or shares transferable, a sum of Money, to be from time to time lent to such Canal Companies as may apply for loans, and in the purchase of shares in such Canals as the said Society shall at any time find it eligible to buy: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid, - '

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the Smkhfield City of London attended at the Door, they were called tiViore. in; and at the Bar presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council alfemhled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; setting forth. That the Market for the sale of Cattle, Horses, Sheep, Hay, and various other articles, from whence the Cities of Ixmdon and Westminster and parts adjacent are principally supplied, is held by the Petitioners in a certain Place in the Parish of Saint Sepulchre, in the City of London, called Smith field; and that the said Market Place, from the great increase of Inhabitants in the Cities of London and We/lmbifler and Parts adjacent, is too small; and, in order to enable the Petitioners to provide a Market Place of sufficient extent to meet the occasions of the present time, it is necessary that they should be empowered to purchase such 1 Ioufes and Ground, adjacent to the present Market Place, as may be sufficient for the proper enlargement thereof, and that provision should be made for increasing the present Tolls, and for the good government and controul of such enlarged Market, and also for altering the Market Days; and that proper Rules and Orders should be established for the Regulation of Persons frequenting the fame Market, and of all Persons driving Cattle to and from the same: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And

45 Geo. III. 28"Februarii. 97

And it is referred to Sir Charles Sir William

Anderfun, .: And they are to meet Tommorrow Mom-injr, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and hare Power to feud for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of John Peter Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are, in the Townrtiip or Parish of Sivajfham Prior, in the County of Cambridge, several Open and Common Fields, Commons, Waites, Heaths, Fen Grounds, and other Lands and Grounds; and it would tend greatly to the advantage of the Persons interested therein, if the fame were divided and inclosed, and if the whole of the said Township or Parish was exonerated from Tythes: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Ma smearing, Mr. Yorke, and Lord Charles Somerset Manners, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there is in the Township of and Parish of Saint Andrew Auckland, in' the County of Durham, a certain Moor, Common, or Tract of Waste Land, called Byerfgreen Moor or Common; and there are also certain inclosed I^mds situate in the Township of Old Park, in the said County, which are subject to a right of Intercommon thereon; and it would be of great advantage to the Persons interested therein, if the said Moor or Common was divided and inclosed, and if the rights of Intercommon to which the said inclosed Lands are now liable were extinguished: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Ralph Milbankeand Mr. Burden do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

A Petition of several Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and Labourers, Inhabitants of the Parishes of Middleton, Rochdale, Oldham, and Ashton under Lyne, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of several Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and Labourers, Inhabitants of Wigan and its Vicinity: And also,

A Petition of several Manufacturers, Tradesmen, and Labourers, Inhabitants of Bolto and its Vicinity: And •lfo,

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Warrington, in the County of Lancaster;

Were severally presented to the House, and 'read; Taking notice of the high prices of Provisions, particularly of Flour and Bread Corn; and praying for the repeal of an Act, made in the last Section, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and also of so much of an Act of the 31ft year of I lis Majesty as relates to imposing additional Duties on Foreign Corn ware-housed in Great Britain, and taken out for home consumption.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Land Owners, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, of the Hamlet of Redditch, in the Parish of Tar debigg, in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Chapel of Bcommonly called Redditch Chapel, is part of a certain building formerly called Bordjley Abbey, and that the fame hath from time to time been repaired by subscription, but is now in a very decayed and ruinous state, and it is not known that any person is compellable to repair the fame; and that the Inhabitants of the said Hamlet have of late years greatly increased, and the said Chapel being fttuated nearly a mile from the dwelling houses in the said Ham-Voi. 60.

let, and the Roads leading to the said Chapel being veiy* bad, particularly in the Winter season, and the Parish Church being nearly three miles dillant from the said dwelling houses, it would be a great accommodation to the Inhabitants thereof if a new Chapel was erected upon a piece of Waste Ground contiguous to the said dwelling houses, with a Grave-yard thereto, and if Divine Service was performed therein instead of being performed in the present Chapel: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mordaunt, Mr. Dugdale, Sac.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Bur- Stratford gestes, of the Borough of Stratford upon Avon, in the Up1(^vyn County of Warwick, was presented to the Iloufe, and petition, read; setting forth. That the Stone Bridge over the river Avon, near the said Town, was erected in the reign of King Henry the Seventh, and hath from time to time been kept in repair at the expence of the said Corporation; and that the said Bridge is become very ruinou-s, and the approach to the fame on either fide thereof is very narrow and incommodious, and it is necessary, for the safety and accommodation of the Public, that either the old Bridge should be substantially repaired, or that a new Bridge should be immediately erected, and proper Roads and Avenues made thereto: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of aCommittee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mordaunt, Mr. Dugdale, &c.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Hamlets which ford of Whichford, Afcott, and Stowerton, in the Parish of

Which ford, in the County of Warwick, was presented to Wllwa’

the House, and read; setting forth. That there are in the said Hamlets several Open and Common Fields, Common Leafows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, they might be much improved: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Mordaunt and Mr. Dugdale do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Manor Hampton 1* and Parish of Hampton in Arden, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Petition. That there are in the said Manor and Parish several Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, it would be of great advantage to the Persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Mordaunt and Mr. Dugdale do prepare, and bring in, tho fame.

A Petition of several Ownere of Estates in the Parish Milverton of Milverton, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are in the ° ' said Parish several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Pastures, and certain Commonable Lands or Waste Grounds j and if the fame were divided and in-

C e closed.

Bayerigch* Mfcnoh«n

3

Southampton

Poor

Petition.

Glamorgan

Roads

Petition.

Rumney

Bridge

Petition.

98

28° Fcbru

A. 1805.

closed, they might be much improved: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mordaunt and Mr. Dugdale do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert , Mr. Thomas

Wyndham, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Guardians of the Poor of the Town and County of the Town of , was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act was made 13 Geo. III. for better regulating the Poor, and repairing the Highways in the said Town and County; and that if certain parts of the said Act were repealecr, and other powers granted, it would tend to the more comfortable support of the Poor, and be advantageous to the Inhabitants of the said Town and County: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a CommitteeAnd that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

• And it is referred to Mr. George Henry Rose, Mr. Amyatt, See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of simonbom Simonburn, in the County of Northumberland, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Simonburn, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Beaumont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Petition of several Trustees for executing two Acts, passed 4 and 25 Geo. III. for amending and keeping in repair several Roads leading from the Town of Cardiff, and other Towns and Places, in the County of Glamorgan, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trustees have borrowed several sums of money on the credit of the Tolls, which still remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads properly maintained and improved, unless the term of the said Acts be continued, some of the powers and provifmns thereof amended, and the Tolls increased; and that there are several other Roads in the said County, w’hich are very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually improved and kept in repair by the ordinary course of law; and it would be a convenience to the several neighbourhoods, and of public utility, if the fame w'ere made Turnpike, and put under the care and management of the said Trustees; and that it would also be convenient, if a new Road was made from Aberavan Bridge to the first hill on the North

fide of the Town of Aberavan, in the said County; and also another new Road from the present Turnpike Road, near the Weft end of Longland Farm House, in the Parish of Ezvenney, to a Lane leading from Watertoion Court House to the Town of Bridgend, in the said County: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Salu/bury, Mr. Thomas Wyndham, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the

Leicestershire and Northampton shire Union Canal, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have completed a Navigation and Canal from the Leicester Navigation, at or near the Weft Bridge, in the Town of Leicester, to a place called Gumley Deb-dale, in the Parish of Gumley, in the said County, but have not as yet began to make the Collateral Cut or Canal, and the Towing Paths on the fide or fides thereof, from the Leicestershire and Northamptonshire Union.

Canal to or near the Town of Market Harborough, as directed by Act 33 Geo. III.; and that it would greatly facilitate the execution of the said undertaking, and be attended with great benefit to the circumjacent country, if powers were given to vary the line of the said Cut or Canal and Towing Paths, by commencing such variation at or in a certain close of Land, situate in the Lordship of Gumley, in the said County, the property o Charles Humfrey, Clerk, and in the occupation of Elizabeth Goodman, Widow, to and into a certain other close of land, situate in the Parish of Great Bou den, in the said County of Leicester, the property of John Benton, Esquire, and in the occupation of Samuel Lenton; and that the said Act hath been found in several respects defective; and it is necessary that the powers and provisions thereof should be altered and extended: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, Mr. Legh Keck, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Leicester and Northampton Canal Petition.

m

feta

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Rothhury, Rothbury and Elfdon, in the County of Northumberland, inc^reBai, was read the third time. paired.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Rothbury and jElf don, in the County of Northumber

Ordered, That Mr. Beaumont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

hdxr-

tec

A Petition of several Land Owners and Occupiers of Land, in the Parish of Rummy, in the County of Monmouth, was presented to the House, ’and read; setting forth, That over the River which divides the

Counties of Monmouth and Glamorgan, there is a Br idge erected for the convenience of a ready communication between the said Parish of Rumney, and the Parish of Road), in the County of Gfowiorgwt; and that the Roads and Avenues to the said Bridge are kept in repair under several Acts for repairing the Roads in the said Counties, but no provision is made therein for the repairs of the said Bridge; and that the said Bridge is narrow, and become very ruinous, and it is impracticable to repair the fame in a substantial manner: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for rebuilding the said Bridge.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine

A Petition of Thomas William Coke, Esquire, Lord of sparham, the several Manors of Sparham Mautbiev, and Sparham p’^olu Steukall, Beef ons, and Folkards, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That there are in the Parish of Sparham, and in the said manors and precincts thereof, divers Arable, Pasture, and Meadow Lands, and also divers Heaths, Commons, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds; and it would be to the advantage of the Persons interested therein, if the fame were divided and allotted: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Martin Browne Folkes and Sir Jacob Henry Ajlley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the acting Trustees under the will of Snalewell John Tharp, Esquire, was presented to the House, and Inciofare

read;

Petition.

Mortott, &c* Inclosure

petition.

Ickleton

Inclosurs

Petition,

Chiswick

Inciosure

Petition.

Castleton Courts Baron Petition.

45 Geo. III.

28° Febru

99

’.read; setting forth, That there are in the Parish of uell, in the County of Cambridge, divers Common Fields, Half Year or Shack Lands, Common Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds; and it would be advantageous to the Persons interested therein, if the rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common, were extinguished, and if the said Lands were divided and allotted: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Martin Broivne Folkes, Lord Charles Somerset

and Mr. Yorke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Proprietors of the Commonable Lands herein after described, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are in the Parishes of Morcott and Tilton, in the County of Rutland, divers Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Larids and Waste Grounds -, and if the fame were divided and allotted, and the Tythes payable in respect of the lands lying in the said Parishes were extinguished, it would tend to the improvement of the Estates of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.'

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Hennikcr and Mr. Shaw do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Persons interested in the Open and Common Fields in the Parish of Ickleton, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That it would tend greatly to the advantage of the Petitioners if the said Lands were divided and inolofed: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Ilenniker and Mr. Shaw Lefevre do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parish of Chiswick, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are in the said Parish, several inclosed Fields, called Half Year or Lammas Lands, and it would be advantageous to the Persons interested therein, if the several rights of Common to which the same are now liable were extinguished: And therefore praying. That leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for that purpose.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish and Mr. Byng do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Freeholders and Inhabitants in the Hundred of High Peak and Manor of in the County of Derby, w as presented to the Houife, and read; setting forth. That from time immemorial, Plea hath been held, as often as requisite, in all personal actions arising within the jurisdiction of the Courts Baron of the said Hundred and Manor, where the debt or damages have been under the sum of 4 o s.; and that an Act was passed 33 Geo. II. for regulating the proceedings in personal actions in the said Courts Baron; and that the jurisdiction of the said Hundred and Manor includes a populous and increasing district of the County of Derby, and the Town of Derby, wdiere the superior courts for the County are holden, is upwards of forty miles distant from the most populous part of the said Llundred and Manor; and that it would be of great advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Hundred and Manor, if the powers and provisions of the said Act were extended to the recovery of debts of a larger amount than 40 s. and if the said Act w'as explained and amended, and further powers granted: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Voc 60.

consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine . the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Henry

Cavendish, Mr. Mundy, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts Aifreton and herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That twro Acts were passed 4 and 30 Petition. Geo. III. for repairing the Roads leading from,

in the County of Derby, through Carter Lane to Mansfield, and other places in the County of Nottingham; and that the Trustees have borrowed several considerable sums of money on the credit of the Tolls, which jioav remain due, and cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads effectually amended; and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts be further continued and the powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, Mr. Mundy, See.: And they are to meet To- morrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Owmers of Estates in the Hamlets Cholmorton, of Cholmorton and Flagg, in the Parish of Bakewell, and Inc*^ County of Derby, w7as presented to the House, and read; Petition, setting forth. That there are in the said Hamlets, divers * Open Fields, Meadow and Pallure Lands, Commons and Waste Grounds; and if the fame Avere divided and inclosed, it would be a considerable improvement to the estates of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish and Mr. Mundy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Manors B.rkewell, &c. and Townships of Bakewell and Upper Haddon, in the ^nclosure Parish of Bakewell, in the County of Derby, was presented ttlUon* to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are in the said Manors and Townships divers Open Fields,

Meadow?s, Pasture Lands, Commons and Waste Grounds; and it would be a great advantage to the Persons interested therein, if the fame tvere divided and inclosed:

And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be giA’en to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Lord George Augustus Hcnnr Cavendish and Mr. Mundy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several OAATiers of Estates in the Parish of Upton cum Upton cum Chalvey, in the County of Buckingham, was jI^.1j^cy presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That petition.6 there are in the said Pari ill certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, and it Avotild tend greatly to the advantage of the Persons interested therein, if the fame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said PetitionAnd that the Earl Temple and Mr. Praed do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parish Ark fry of Arkfnj, in the County of York, was presented to the incioiune House, and read; setting forth. That there are in the f’t:tuion-said Parish certain Open Fields, Opon Meadows, and

Pastures,

100 £8° Februa . 1805*

Pastures, an Open Common, and other Waste Lands, and it would be highly beneficial to the Persons interested therein, if the fame were divided, inclosed, and drained, and if the said Lands, and also the inclosed Lands in the said Parish, were exonerated from Tythes: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Earl Temple and Mr. Bryan Cooke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

the House, and read; setting forth. That large sums of Money are annually raised in the said Parish for the sup-

fort and relief of the numerous Poor therein; and the etitioners conceive this burthen might in some measure be alleviated, and more effectual relief and fubfrstence afforded them, if powers were granted for providing a house or houses for the reception of such Poor, and for their being well and orderly governed therein: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in U Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

W

Petitions A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of

for AboUtion Town of Liverpool, in the County of in

of the Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, slave Trade: an(j reacj. taking notice of the Bill for the Abolition of Corporation the Slave Trade, at a time to be limited; and setting of Liverpool. That the commercial advantages of the Town and

Port of Liverpool are in a great degree to be attributed to the African Slave Trade, for the abolition of which many attempts have been made without fully considering the very serious political and commercial consequences which mull inevitably follow the adoption of such a measure: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves and their counsel, against the said Bill. Merchants, A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and of Live ool. others of Town and Port of Liverpool, interested in the African Slave Trade, was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking notice of the said Bill; and setting forth, That the said Trade is of the utmost importance to the said Town and Port; and the Abolition ' thereof will greatly did refs the Petitioners and their families: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves and their counsel, against the said Bill.

MaMifeAur- A Petition of several Persons concerned in the making era of Arms at gjyj manufacturing of Arms, resident in and near the Binning am* Town of Birmingham, was likewise presented to the House and read; also taking notice of the said Bill; and setting forth, That the Abolition of the Slave Trade would be of extreme detriment to the Petitioners, and the dominions of His Majesty at large, inasmuch as by such Abolition the greatest, and perhaps only, efficient nursery for Artificers in the art of manufacturing of arms, would be destroyed: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a second time.

child’*ail A Petition of several Land Owners in the Manors and

Petition* Town ships of Childivall, Much and Little

Woolton, in the Parish of Childivall, and County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are in the said Manors and Town-ships divers Commons and Waste Lands, which might be greatly improved, if the fame were divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition; And that General Gascoyne, Mr. Stanley, and Mr. of

Jhive, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

cia'ighton A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Manor In cl!) iurc Clan, ghtonm Lonsdale, in the County Palatine of Petition? caster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there is in the said Manor a tra6t of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, called Moor, and

if the fame was inclosed and improved, great advantage would accrue to the Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that General Gascoyne, Mr. Stanley, and Mr. Blackbume of Lane a* shire, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

BZfre Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of

Petition. Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester, was presented to

A Petition of the United Society of Seamen of the Montrose Town and Port of Montrose, in the County of Forfar,

and of several Merchants and Owners and Matters of Ships of the said Town, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Port of Montrose is the only Harbour for the ihelter of ships between the Forth of and that of Murray, and by the erection of Beacons,

Buoys, and Signal Posts, might be rendered very safe and commodious for the reception of ships and vessels, whereby many valuable lives and much property might be preferred; and that it would be attended with great" advantage to the families of ftiipmasters, thipwrights, and seamen, failing or working in vessels belonging to the said Town, and not members of the said Society, if the Society were authorized to levy a limited per centage on their wages, which should entitle them, their wives* and children, to participate in the funds of the Society; and that if power was given to the said Society to licence and regulate Persons acting as Pilots, in conducing ships and vessels coming into or going out of the said Port, and to limit the rates of Pilotage, great benefit w ould rifult to the trade and /hipping of the said Port, and the Public in general: And therefore praying.

That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the I louse:

Ancl it is referred to Mr. Farquhar, Mr. Secretary at War, &c.; And they are to meet To-morrowf Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. Farquhar reported from the Committee, to whom Foifar Rook the Petition of several Persons interested in the Assessment or Conversion for Statute Labour in Burghs and re? ri upon Burgh Roods, in the County of Forfar, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found * that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, the application being only for regulating the Statute Labour in the said County; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had dinefted him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, -passed in the 29th year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads in the County of Forfar, and for regulating the Statute Labour within the same, was read :—

And a Member present informed Your Committee, That Disputes and Difficulties have occurred as to the application of the Money levied in Burghs and upon Burgh Roods, and it would be of benefit to the Petitioners and to the Public at large, were further Powers given to the Magistrates of the lloyal Burghs within the said County, in regard to the application of the Money levied in Burghs and upon Burgh Roods as aforesaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the 29th year of His present Majesty, as relates to the AlYefiinent in lieu of Statute Labour in Burghs and upon Burgh Roods, in the County of Forfar:And that Mr. Farquhar, Sir David

Carnegie, and Mr. David Scott, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition

45 Geo. III. .28 0 Febru 101

- Rocjt A Petition of Joseph WTite, of Old in the

Kerry parish of Saint George Hammer Square, in the County Fedtion. ^fi(jUiej'eXj was presented to the House, and read';

setting forth. That the Petitioner is possessed of the Manor of Higher Bchington, in the Hundred of in the County Palatine of Chester, and also of a Messuage or Dwelling House, with the Lands, Ferry, Passage, Tolls, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, situate in the said Manor, and commonly called The Royal Rock Ferry, which premises he has greatly improved, and intends Hill further to improve by extending a Pier, Slip, or Quay, into the River Mersey, so that Persons* Horses* Cattle, Carriages, and Goods, may be safely and expeditiously conveyed in Boats across the said River at all periods of the Tide, and particularly at low water; and that the Petitioner is possessed of the Land to a considerable extent North and South of the said Ferry, bounded on the East by the said River, and also of aHouse and Lands at Harrington, in Toxteth Park, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, where he intends to erect another Pier,

Slip, or Quay, at which Persons, Horses, Cattle, Carriages, and Goods, may be safely put on board and landed at low water, and from which respective Piers, Slips, or Quays, they may be conveyed to or from the Che/hife and Lancashire lliores in all weathers; and that the Petitioner is willing to complete and maintain all the said works, on being allowed an adequate compensation, by way of Toll, from the Owners of Bye Boats landing Persons, Horses, Cattle, Carriages, and Goods, at the Piers to be erect ed by him as aforesaid: And therefore praying That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the 'said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Cholmondeley, kc.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to feud for persons, papers, and records.

Saint Mary’* A Petition of several O vners of Estates in the Parish Inclosure of Saint Mary on the Hill, in the liberties of the City of Petition. Chester, and County of the fame City, and in the County Palatine of Chefe\was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, That there are in the said Parish certain Open Town Fields, and Quillets or Parcels of Land; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, it would be very beneficial to the Persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Egerton, Mr. Drax Grosve and Mr. Thomas Grof-venor, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Rufhocic A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Manor PdiUoiT an<^ Parish of Rufhock, in the County of was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are, in the said Manor and Parish, a Common or Waite called Rufhock Wood, and also a certain Common Field and other Fields; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, considerable benefit would arise from the improvement and cultivation thereof: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hawkins Browne and Mr. Kynaston Powell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

WntPancrai Mr. Byng reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Inhabitant Householders of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, being Directors of the Poor of the said Parish, appointed in and by virtue of an Act, made 44 Geo. III. was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Vojl. 60. '

v

Table: Where the fame Was read; and is as followeth; viz. - ...

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read:—And the ReVerend Robert Anthony Bromley being examined, said. That the powers and provisions of the said Act are found to be inadequate to the purposes thereby intended, and it is necessary that the fame should be altered or repealed; and that it would tend greatly to the benefit of the Inhabitants of the said Parish if the care of the Highways, and also the appointment of Truliees of the Church Lands in the said Parish, were vested in the said Directors of the Poor; and that there is not in the said Parish any sufficient authority by Law for any person to examine Weights and Measures, by reason whereof great detriment has arisen, and may hereafter arise, to the Inhabitants thereof, and more especially to the poorer part of them.

Ordered, That leave be given be given to bring in a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the 44th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better governing •* maintaining, and employing the Poor of the Parish " of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex; forpro-" viding a new Workhouse for the use of the said Parish;

" for appointing Collectors of the Rates; and for other " purposes therein mentioned;" and for making more effectual provision for those and other purposes: And that Mr. Byng and Mr. Mahvtioaring do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Trustees for the Turnpike Roads in Ayrihuv the County of Ayr, was presented to the House, and read; ^auis setting forth, That in the present Session of Parliament peikion* the Petitioners presented their Petition to the House, enu-merating certain Roads in the said County which it would be of advantage to the Public should be made and repaired and that, among the Roads so enumerated, it has been omitted to include a Road from Aftonpcplc, East of New-mills, to Overmuir, in the said County, in the Road to Eaglesham, which it would be beneficial to the Public to be properly repaired; And therefore praying, That provision may be made for making and repairing the said Road, in the Bill which has been allowed to be brought in. upon the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Hero Dalrymple Hamilton, Mr, Macdoivall, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Owners of Lands in the Tythings Enford, &c. of Enford, Fifield, Coombe, Longjlreet, Littlecot, and East ^ncMure

Chifenbury, in the Parish of Enford, in the County of PeUtlon‘ Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are in the said Tythings divers Open Common Fields and Pastures; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, it would be of great advantage to the persons interested therein: And therefore praying.

That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham and Sir Robert John Buxton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Owners of Lands in the Town- Aidboum ship and Parish of Aidboum, in the County of Wilts, was incioftire presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That Petltiolu there are in the said Township and Parish several Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Downs, and other Commonable Places, and Waste Lands; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, great advantage would arise to the persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

D d Penruddocke

Brimpsfield,

&c.

Inclosure

Petition.

Mlnetv, &c.

Inclosure

Petition.

Longney

Inclosure

Petition.

Newnhnm

Road

Petition*

Carlow and Kilkenny Roads Petition.

102

28° Februarii. 1805.

Penruddocke Wyndham and Mr. Eftcourt do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Joseph Pitt Esquire, a principal Proprietor of Land in the Parishes of Br imps field and Cran-

ham, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are in the said Parishes several Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Woods, Commonable and Waste Grounds; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, they •would be rendered of much greater value: And therefore •praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham and Admiral Berkeley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Joseph Pitt, Esquire, a principal Proprietor of Lands in the Parishes of Minety and Somerford Keynes, in the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in the said Parishes •there are very large tracts of Commonable or Waste Land, and also certain Open and Common Fields; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, they might be much improved: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And. that Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham and Admiral Berkeley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parish of Lcngney, in the County of was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth, That there are in the said Parish several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Pastures; and it would tend greatly to the advantage of the persons interested therein, if the fame wei'e divided and inclosed: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to_bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham and Admiral Berkeley do prepare, and bring in, the fame. '

A Petition of several Trustees for executing the Act; herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act was pasted 23 Geo. III. for amending and widening the Road leading from the Passage or Ferry over the River Severn at Neionham, in the County of Gloucester, through the Parishes of -ham and Little Dean, to a place called Saint White's adjoining His Majesty’s Forest of Dean, in the said County; and that the Trustees have borrowed considerable sums of money on the credit of the Tolls, which cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be effectually amended, and kept in repair, unless the term Of the said Act is continued, the powers and provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham, Admiral Berkeley, Sec.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Trustees for executing such parts of the several Acts which relate to repairing and amending the Road leading from the Town of Carlow to the City of Kilkenny, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That an Act was pasted in the Parliament of Ireland, 5 Geo. IL for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Kilcullen, in the County of Kildare, to the City of Kilkenny, and a further Act was pasted, g Geo. II. to explain and amend -the said Act; and one other Act

was pasted, 3 Geo. III. for amending, and making more efl’eftual the Laws for the repair of the Road leading from the City of Dublin, through the Towns of Kilcullen, and Carloio, to the City of Kilkenny; and that the Trustees have borrowed several sums of money on the credit of the Tolls, which still remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor can the said Roads be properly maintained and improved, unless the term of the last mentioned Act be continued, some of the powers and provisions thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased; or that the said Act be repealed, and other powers granted in lieu thereof: And therefore praying. That leave may be y,.

given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid. tew*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Butler, Mr. Ponsonby, &c.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Pone; to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Creditors and Trustees of the TotnesRoua Turnpike Roads leading from or near the North end of Petition' the Town and Borough of Totnes, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That considerable sums of money have been borrowed at interest on the credit of the Tolls; and that the said Roads cannot be kept in proper repair, and the money borrowed repaid, unless the term of the said Acts be further continued, the powers thereof altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased; and it is expedient, that certain parts of the said Roads should be no longer included within the said Acts; and that power should be given to divert and turn the Road from Afiibtowards Totnes, by which means the present hills between those Towns will be avoided: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Sir Lalo-rence Palk, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Hi:

-a*

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Town- Frizirgtoa ship and Manor of Frizington, in the Parish of Arlecdon, in the County of Cumberland, was presented to the House, etl lon* and read; setting forth. That there are, in the said Township and Manor, certain Commons and Waste Lands; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, it would be of advantage to all persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

James Graham, Mr. John Lowther, and Mr. Curwen, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Edmund Hill, Esquire, was presented to Haye* the House, and read; setting forth, That there are, in the Inclosure Parish of Hayes, in the County of r, divers Open Petiuoa*

and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, and, with the inclosed Lands, exonerated from Tythes, they might be much improved: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

James Graham, Mr. Byng, and Mr. Mainwaring, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Manor DeHdingtoa and Parish of Deddington, in the County of Oxford, was inciofiir^ presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are in the said Manor and Parish divers Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures,

5 Commons,

45 Geo. III.

28* Februarii.

103

KirtliflgtOB

Inclosure

Petitioju

Barford, &c.

Inclosure

Petition.

Commons, Wade, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, and exonerated from Tythe, it would be of great advantage to the persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, puir-suant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. James Graham, Mr. John Fane, and Lord Francis Al-naric Spencer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Sir Henry Baronet,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are, in the Manor, Parish, Liberties, and Precincts, of Kirtlington, in the County of Oxford, divers Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, and exonerated from Tythe, it would be of great advantage to the persons interested therein: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-fuanttothe prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. James Graham, Lord Francis Almaric Spencer, MrN John Fane, and Sir Henry Watkin Dashwood, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Manors and Parishes of Barford Saint Michael, otherwise Great Barford, and Deddington, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read: setting forth, That in the said Manors and Parishes there are divers Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons, Waste, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, and exonerated from Tythe, it would be of great advantage to the persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. James Graham, Lord 1Francis Almaric Spencer, Mr. John Fane, and Sir Henry Watkin Dashcood, do prepare, and ' bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Joseph Pi/t, Esquire, a principal Proprietor of Lands in the Parish of Alford, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; set-

ting forth, That there are in the said Parish certain Common Fields; and if the fame w ere divided and inclosed, it would greatly benefit the persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for Ihofe purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Dickinson and Mr. Gore Langton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Creek A Petition of several Owners of Saltings, Estates, I*ands, and Grounds, in the Parishes of Dovercoart, fey, and Little Oakley, in the County of Essex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there is a certain Creek, called Creek, branching from the River Stour, and extending thence through the parishes

of Dovercourf and Bamfey, in the Parish of Little Oakley, which overflows the lands on each side to a considerable extent; and that by such overflow the said lands are wholly incapable of being cultivated, and a certain Road adjoining part thereof (being the Turnpike Road leading from Bamfey Bridge to LHill, in the Parish of Bamfey) is frequently impassable, and is always damaged, and by the recess of the tide every twelve hotffs the air is rendered very unwholesome to the extent of several miles on each side of the said Creek; and that an embankment against the said River Stour, and also across the said Creek, and the draining of the said Saltings and Lands so overflowed as aforesaid, would remove the above mentioned evils, and the property of the Petitiouers would be materially improved thereby: And therefore VOE.fio.

Alford

lndofure

Ptntion.

praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles Talbot, Mr. Bullock,

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Estates in the Methwold Parish of Methrvold, in the County of Norfolk, was pre- p^j°^are fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are in the said Parish divers Open Field Lands, Half Year or Shack Lands, Lammas Meadows, Warren, Commons, Commonable Brink Lands, and Waste Grounds; and it would be highly advantageous to the persons interested therein, if the fame were divided and inclosed:

And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Sullivan and Sir Jacob Henry Afiley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of divers Inhabitants of the lately difhf- Needwood forested Forest or Chase of Needicood, in the County of Stafford, being offered to be prqfented to the House j eUU0D‘

Mr. Bose (by His Majesty’s command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Content, as far as His Majesty’s interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought np, and read; setting forth, That, in consequence of the inclosure of the said late Forest or Chase, a tract of Land, confiding of nearly ten thousand acres, is about to be brought into a state of cultivation, whereby a new and progressively increasing population may be expected to arise; and that many parts of the said Forest or Chase are at a very great and inconvenient distance from the surrounding Parish Churches, and which being already appropriated and occupied, will not admit a new influx of people; and it would be most beneficial to the inhabitants of the said Forest or Chase, if a Chapel was erected and built in some central part thereof, in order to be consecrated and set apart for Public Worship; and that sundry of the said Inhabitants and others would be desirous of carrying this pious and laudable plan into execution, and of bearing the expence of erecting a Chapel within the said late Forest, if His Majesty were enabled to endow the fame ■with a sufficient quantity of Land in the said disafforested Forest or Chase, part of the possessions of the Dutchy of Lancaster, for the maintenance of a Minister to perform divine service there: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. SidlivMr. Bose, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Town- Owthom ship and Parish of Owthom in Holderness, in the County £nc.'"fure of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting ebtl<m’ forth, That in the said Township and Parish there are certain Open Fields, Meadow and Pasture Grounds; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, and a commutation made for the Tythes thereof, and of the ancient inclosed Lands in the said Township and Parish, it would be a great advantage to the persons interested therein:

And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pui> iuant to the prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr.

Wilberforce

Sheffield, See.

Road

Petition.

Thames

lastage and

Ballaltage

Petition.

Bramhope

Inclosure

Petition.

Papers

reflecting Sir Home Popham, ordered.

Mutiny Bill,

deferred.

Account respecting a Balance due from the Hon. Keith Stewart*-ordered.

104

28° Februarii.

A. 1805.

WUbcrforce and Mr. bring in, the fame.

Henri) Lafcelks do prepare, and

to Government in 1797 s specifying the times at which such payments were respectively made.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates and Inhabitants in the Parishes of Sheffield, and Penifton, in

the West Riding of the County of York, and the Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That if a Carriage Road were made to branch out of the present Turnpike Road leading from Sheffield to Peniston at the Township of IVadsley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join (in the Township of Lang-set,\n the said Riding) the present Turnpike Road from Doncaster, in the said County, to Salter's Brook, in the County of Chester, it would be of general public utility: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilberfarce, Mr. Henry Laf-celles, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chambers and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read:—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, refoive itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all linns of money which have been paid by the executors of the late Honourable Keith Stezvart to the Lords of the Treasury, in respect of a balance of j£. 41,461. 1 s. old. reported to be due front his estate

The Order of the day being read, foV the second reading Bin far of the Bill for the Abolition of the Slave Trade, at a time to be limited S Trade,

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed,

That the said Bill be now read a second time; *"

The Amendments following, were severally proposed to be made to the Question s viz.

To leave out the word " now," and at the end of the Question, to add the words '* upon this day six months."

And the Question being put. That the word " now" stand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teders for the Yeas, { } 7o.

Tellers for the Noes, 1

I General G: j

77*

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Guild, Fraternity, or Brotherhood, of the mod glorious and undivided Trinity, and of Saint Clement, in the Parish of Deptford Strand, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That several Acts were paired in the reign of his late Majesty, and also in the reign of His present Majesty, for the better regulation of Laftage and Ballaltage in the River Thames; and that the fame' have by experience

been found useful and beneficial, and it is expedient that the law as it now Hands should be continued, and the powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the words " upon " this day six months" be added at the end of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon this day six months.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Bill for n!£aj

reading of the ingrossed Bill for raising the sum of twenty-two millions five hundred thousand pounds, by way of Annuities, be now read:—And the fame being read; the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising the sum of twenty-two millions five hundred thousand pounds, by way of Annuities.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

a Sum by Annuities, passed.

A Petition of the Reverend Robert Dyneley, Clerk, Lord of the Manor of Bramhupe, in the Parish of Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are in the Manor and Township of Bramhope several Open Commons and Waste Grounds; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, considerable benefit would arise to the persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the day being read, for the second Property reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on the amount of Assessments to be charged on the profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices:—The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

0

'ft Qf

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the rations for each man per diem, as charged by the acting agents of the Sick and Hurt Office, for the squadrons in the Red Sea, lately under the command of Admiral Blanket and of Sir Home Popham.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account ffiewing the rates of Exchange at which the Bills dra wn under the orders of Admiral Blanket and Sir Home Popham respectively, on account of the said squadrons, were negociated.

The Order of the day being read, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting certain additional Rates and Duties on the conveyance of Letters;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Portage Duties Bill, deterred.

tl>

\ __________

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee on Temporary Laws of a public and general nature—and who were instructed to report their opinion, from time to time, to the House, which of the said Laws are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; That the Committee had made a further enquiry', and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made 38 Geo. III. intituled, "An Act for the " further encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures " of the Isle of Man, for improving the Revenue thereof * and for the more effectual prevention of Smuggling to " and from the said Island," which was continued and amended by an Act, made 41 Geo. III. and further continued by three Acts, made 42,43, and 44 Geo. III. until the 5th day of July 1805, is near expiring, and fit to be amended and made perpetual.

The said Resolution being read a second time; Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next,

refoive

Report

Expiring

Law.

co:

Die

rej

in

b

Whittlesford

inclosare

Petition,

Proceedings on East India Judicature

Aa.

1

Berwick

Roads

Petition,

reported.

45 Geo. III. 28 0 Februarih—1 105

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Act mentioned in the said Resolution.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parish of Whittlesford, in the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are in the said Parish several Open Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, it would be of great advantage to the persons interested therein: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lubbock, Lord Charles Somerset , and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That an Act, made 26 Geo. III. for the further regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in the East Indies, and for other purposes therein mentioned, might be read:—And the fame was read. \

And the several Lilts which had been before delivered in at the Table, in pursuance of the directions of the said Act, by Members of this House, being laid upon the Table:—The said Lifts were, by the order of Mr. Speaker, taken out of the covers, and put together into a box, by the Clerk, at the Table.

Ordered, That the said Lifts be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the fame; and report to the House, Tommorrow, the name of every Member whose name ilia.ll appear in twenty or more of the said Lifts:

And they are referred to Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, &c.: And they are to withdraw immediately, into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorpm of the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 1° die Martii;

Anno 450 Georgii III"1 Regis, 1805. Prayers.

MR Secretary at War reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for executing an Act,% made 27 Geo. III. for repairing the Road leading from the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed, by Ayton Bridge, and the new Bridge over the Pees or

Pass of Cockburnfpath to Du Bridge, and also the Roads from Billie Canfeway and Bridge, to join

the said Road at or near Cockburnfpath Tower, in the County of Berwick, and of several Owners of Estates or Inhabitants near to the said Roads, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read :—And, Mr. Spottifioooode, being examined, said. That it would be of great benefit to the Public if power was given to alter the present line of the said Road, in the whole or in part; and that the said Roads cannot be completed and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Act be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of an Act, made in the 27th year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from upon Txveed by Ayton Bridge to Dunglas Bridge, and also VOL.60.

the Roads from Billie causexvay and Preston Bridge to join the said Road at or near Cockburnfpath Tower, in the County of Benoick: And that Mr. Secretary at War and Mr. Rutherfurd do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the London City of London attended at the door, they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House;

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; setting forth, That an Act was passed, 43 Geo. III. for establishing a free Market in the City of London for the sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the Vend and Delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain Places therein mentioned, the Powers of which were altered and enlarged by an Act 44 Geo. III. j and that the said Acts have, in feme respects, been found defective, and it is expedient that the powers and provisions thereof should be altered and enlarged; and that the Coal Trade in the Port of London is regulated as well by the said Acts as by divers other Acts from time to time passed respecting the fame, the powers and provisions of which last mentioned Acts are, in some instances, from the present state of the Coal Trade, rendered impracticable or useless; and it is necessary that such parts thereof as are applicable to the present circumstances of the Trade should be consolidated, with such further Powers as may be wanted, into one Act: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John William Anderson, Sir Charles Price, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. Abercromby reported from the Committee, to Edinburgh whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and P?!'4* Council of the City of Edinburgh, was referred; That reported the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for improving any City or Town, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition;—A Member present informed Your Committee, That owing to the extension of the City of E and Villages adjacent, and the great increase of Inhabitants, it has become necessary to have a general system of Police for the City of Edinburgh, and the Towns and Villages in the Neighbourhood thereof, and to appoint a permanent Magistrate to superintend the whole, with proper Powers to make Regulations for cleaning and lighting the Streets and.Passages in the said Places; for appointing a number of Watchmen for apprehending and punishing of Vagrants and disorderly Persons; and for the more effectually suppressing of begging, and removing Nuisances from the Streets, and for other purposes, tending to the preservation of peace and good order in the City and Suburbs; and for impoling a Tax upon the Inhabitants in the said limits, under the administration of Commissioners; for veiling the Lord Provost and Magistrates with more ample Powers for liceufing, and in making and enforcing Regulations and Fares for Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Carters,

Meters of Corn, and Porters, as well for Edinburgh as the Port of Leith; for making and enforcing Regulations -for weighing of Coals, Hay, Straw, and other Articles brought into the City and adjacent Places, and to exact a fin all Sum of Money from the Carters and Drivers, sufficient

E e for

106 1° Mar til A. 1S0.5.

Royal Assent to-Bills.

Edinburgh

Royalty

Petition.

for paying of Persons for superintending the weighing, and ■for erecting and keeping Stillyards in repair; for making and enforcing Regulations for the baking of Bread of an uniform weight, whatever the felling price of it may be, whether baked in Edinburgh or the Suburbs, or brought from the Country, and for making all necessary Rules and Regulations in other matters, which may tend to the general Police, good order and government of the City and Places aforesaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for Tegulating the Police of the City of Edinburgh, and the adjoining Districts; and for other purposes relating thereto: And that Mr. Aber Mr. Secretary at War, and Mr. Robert Dundas, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Uilier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s ‘Commission, for declaring His Royal A (Tent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, their Royal Highnesses the Duke of York, the Duke of Clarence, the Duke of Kent, the Duke of Cumberland, the Duke of Suffer, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Walsingham, and the Lord Auckland, named also

in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the last Session ■of Parliament, for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts, passed in the thirty-seventh and forty-second years of His present Majesty:

An Act for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery to complete their full number of Men, at certain Ports, for the present season:

An Act for repairing several Roads leading to and frotn the Town of Crewkerne, in the County of Somerset.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council Ordinary and Extraordinary, of the City of Edinburgh, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by an Act, passed 7 Geo. III. the Royalty of the said City was extended over a variety of Lands which were disjoined from the Parishes of Saint 'Cuthbert and South Leith, and annexed to the Parish of Saint Giles; and that it is expedient to have the Royalty Hill further extended over certain Lands, to the North of the former extension, in the said Parish of Saint Cuthbert', and to have an additional Church ereaed in or adjacent to the present extended Royalty, in place of one of the Churches in the antient Royalty, and to translate the Minister or Ministers thereof to the Church to be ereaed; and also to have a Church built and endowed on the Grounds to be annexed; and it is necessary to ascertain the claim of the said Parish of Saint Cuthbert with re-spea to the maintenance of the Poor, on account of the Lands already, or proposed to be, disjoined from the said Parish; and that the Petitioners have, at a great expence, brought Water to the said City, have distri-buied the fame among the Inhabitants of the City, and of the eight Dittrichs on the South of the City, and a few other Places, and it has become expedient to limit the Rate of Water duty for private Pipes; and that by an Act, passed 39 Geo. III. for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith, and for making a Wet Dock or Docks there, the Petitioners were authorized to borrow for that purpose the sum of j£. 80,000, but which is now found to be far short of the sum necessary for completing the Dock and other Works, and that various other powers and regulations wili be necessary 1 And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee i And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appeifr to them, to the Houft*:

And it is referred to Mr. Abercromby, Mr. Secretary at War, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Mary, in the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Church of the said Parish is inconveniently fttuated, and too small for the reception of the Inhabitants; and it would be of great benefit to them if a new Church or Chapel were built in fdme convenient situa-tion in the said Parish, and provision made for the appointment and maintenance of a Minister or Curate to officiate therein, and proper rules and regulations established for the support and management thereof: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Parker , Mr. Pierrepont, &c.: And they are tc^meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parish of Rock, in the County of Woreefi was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are in the said Parish certain Tracts or Parcels of Common and Waste Grounds, called Altons Wood or Common; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, great advantage would arise to the parties interested: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Parker Coke, Mr. John William Ward, and Mr. Lygon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Town-ships or Liberties of Leek, Loir, Leekfrith, and Tillef-worth, in the Manors of Leek and Frith, in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are in the said Townships or Liberties and Manors several large Tracts of Common and Waste Lands; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, the Petitioners would derive great advantage therefrom: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Parker Coke and Sir Edward Littleton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Stafford/hireand Worre/lershire Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act was passed, 6 Geo. III. for maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the River Severn, between and

Titton Brook, in the County of Worcester, to crol’s the River Trent near Heipooood Mill, in the County of Stafford., and to communicate with a Canal intended to be made between the River Trent and the River and several Acts were passed 10 S 30 Geo. III. to explain, amend, and extend the said Act; and that the powers and

authorities

Saint Mnry’i Church, Njttinchara, Petition.

Rock

iDcIolure

Petition.

Leak

Ineloitire

Petition.

Stafford fhi re and \Y u recite r-Ihr e Canal "* "tit ion.

*9

45 Geo. III.

1‘

authorities of the said Acts have been in many instances found insufficierit for the purposes of the said Navigation; and it is expedient to alter, continue, and improve the fame, and to empower the Petitioners to vary or alter the said Navigations with respect to their locks and works, and to make additional locks and conveniencies for business thereon, and also to put down railways for passing of merchandize to and from certain mines, iron and other works and mills, lying contiguous to the said Navigations, and to raise money for the execution of the said works, and to grant additional tolls and lock dues upon such netv works and railways, and to regulate such tolls and lock dues: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Parker Coke, Mr. John William Ward, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

The Lorrls base agreed to

Quarantine

JJhl.

The Lords have puffed

Antony’s Nil Bill.

Pons Nat. Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr.

Simeon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making further provision for the effectual performance of Quarantine; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Antony; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing James Samuel; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Company of

Manchester md Alhton

c'anai r* Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from to

reported. or near Ashton under Line and Oldham, more effectually to provide for the discharge of their debts, and to complete the said Canal and the Cuts and Works thereto belonging, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report' in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

jjw Brink A Petition of several Commissioners for Drainage ap-S’*c- pointed by the Act first herein after referred to, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That an Act was passed 35 Geo. III. for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, part of the great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and the Low Lands adjoining or near to the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining or near to the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to Sea by the Harbour of King's Lynn, in the said County; and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near a place called Eau Brink, in the Parish of Wiggenhall Saint Mary, in the said County, to the said Harbour of King's Lynn; and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze; and that another Act was passed 36 Geo. III. for giving further powers to the Commissioners appointed by the said former Act; and that the Petitioners and divers other Persons duly qualified to act as Commissioners for Drainage have, from time totime, acted in the execution of thefirft-mentioned Act, but the new River or Cut thereby directed to be V'OL 60.

107

made is not yet begun; and that many unforeseen and unexpected difficulties have arisen to retard the progress and execution of the Works directed to be made by the said Act, and particularly the impracticability of raising Money by way of loan on the security offered by the said Acts; and the difference of opinion as to the form and dimensions of the said new River or Cut, which existed between the Engineers by the first-mentioned Act appointed, and their refusal to concur in the appointment of an Umpire until the Court of King’s Bench (to which the Petitioners were compelled to resort) granted a Mandamus, in Hilary Term 1804, to enforce a compliance with the said Act in that respect; and that the Umpire appointed by the said Engineers did, by a Deed Poll, in the nature of an Award, bearing date the 1 oth day of September last, in pursuance of the reference so made to him as aforesaid, give his opinion in writing as to the works, matters, and things requisite dr fit to be done,

, and the mode of executing the fame, and on the whole of the cause or subject of reference to him, which opinion is by the first-mentioned Act made final and conclusive, and therefore no further controversy can arise as to the form and dimensions of the said new River or Cut; and that the Petitioners have laboured under great difficulties, and taken infinite pains to make the proper and necessary Rates and Assessments, and have from time to time made certain Rates or Assessments, as accurate as the information they had then obtained enabled them to do; and that many persons have paid the said Rates and Assessments; but an opposition has been made thereto in some cases, and further opposition is likely to arise, if the Petitioners proceed to enforce the fame; and that the Petitioners have expended nearly the whole of the Monies received by them under the said Acts, in forwarding the objects and directions therein contained, and there are now considerable sums due; and that the Petitioners are unable, by virtue of their present powers, to collect the said Taxes, and to complete the new River or Cut set out by the said Umpire, and the several other works directed to be executed by the first-mentioned Act; and that the said Act is defective and imperfect in various respects, and it is necessary that the fame should be amended: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Jacob Henry AJlley, Sir Mar* tin Browne Folkes, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow

Morning, at nine of the dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. Samuel Thornton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Dock Company at Kingson upon Hull, under their Common Seal, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, two Acts passed in the 14th and 4 2d years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for improving the Harbour of Kingson upon Hull, were read:—And, Mr. Thomas being examined, said, That considerable progress has been made in carrying into execution the Works authorized to be made by the said Acts; but that from the great price paid for the I.and purchased for the life of the said Works, from the great advance in the price of materials and labour necessary for the completion of the fame; and from other circumstances which have taken place since the passing of the said Acts, it is found that the said Works cannot be completed unless powers be given to the said Company to raise a further sum of money for that purpose.—And the Witness added, that the powers and provisions of the said Acts have been found in many respects defective and in-Aifficient, and that it is necessary that the fame should be altered, amended and enlarged.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for

raising

Hull Docks

Petition,

reported.

1° Martii.

Carlton, kc» Inclosure Bill, presented.

Thurleigh Inclosure Bill, committed.

Harraondf-

worth

Inclosure

Petition.

London Dock

Company’s

Petition*

Ross, kc. Roads Bill, committed.

Maid (tone Poor Petition.

108

A. 1805.

railing a further sum of money for carrying into execution an Act, passed in the 42d year of His present Majesty, for making additional Basons or Docks at And that Mr. Samuel ThorntonMr. and Mr.

Wilberforce, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. St. Andrew St. John presented to the House, accord* ing to order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Carlton, Chellington and Steventon, in the County of Bedford: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Thurleigh, in the County of Bedford, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. St. drexo St. John, Mr. Qfborn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parish of Harmondfioorth, in the County of was pre-

fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are in the said Parish certain Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pallures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Lands, and also divers inclosed Lands; and if the said Commonable and Waste Lands were divided and inclosed, and the inclosed Lands exchanged, or otherwise improved, a very considerable benefit would arise therefrom: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Byng and Mr. Maimoaring do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of several Directors of the London Dock Company, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act was parted, 40 Geo. III. for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other works, for the greater accommodation and security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, in the Port of London; and that another Act was parted, 44 Geo. III. for raising a further sum of money for carrying into execution the said former*Act; and that great progress hath been made in executing the works directed by the said first-mentioned Act, and the principal Dock thereby designed hath been finished, and is now in use; but the whole of the said intended works cannot be completed, unless the Petitioners are authorized to raise an additional sum of money for that purports; and it is necessary that the said first-mentioned Act should be altered and amended, and some further Powers granted: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Manning, Mr. Charles Mills, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Bill for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Ross, and such parts of the Counties of Cromarty and Nairn, as lie in the said County of Ross, towards the expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed determined by an Act, passed in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Sir Charles Ross, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Trustees for executing the Act herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That an Act was parted, 20 Geo. III.

for the better government and regulation of the Poor in the Town and Parish of Maidstone, in the County of Kent; and that in putting the said Act in execution, the powers thereof have been found in some respects defective and insufficient; and in order to render the fame effectual, and to provide the Funds requisite for the maintenance of the Poor of the said Town and Parish, it is necessary that the said Act should be altered and amended, and some further powers granted: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purports aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Matthew Bloxam, Sir William Geary, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the City of Bath, the Parish of Walcot, and of the several. parishes and places in the Hundreds of B and and the Liberties of Hampton, Claverton, Easton, and Amori/l, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the City of Bath is much connected in trade and business with the Parish of Walcot, and the several parishes and places in the hundreds and liberties aforesaid; and that an Act was parted, 6 Geo. III. for the more easy and speedy recovery of Small Debts in the City of Bath, and the Liberties and Precincts thereof; and it would greatly tend to the improvement and management of Trade and Commerce in the said City, and parishes and places, if the powers and provisions of the said Act were enlarged, for the more speedy recovery of Debts of greater amount, and the fame were extended to the Parish of Walcot, and to' the several parishes and places in the Hundreds and Liberties aforesaid: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord John Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of George James Dopcke, was presented to the House, and read; praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his naturalization.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John William Anderson and Sir Charles Price do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Proprietors of Land in the County of Sutherland, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, and Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; except that no Ellimateof the expence of making the Turnpike Roads mentioned in the said Petition, nor any account of money subscribed for that purpose, were produced to the Committee; but it appeared that the said Turnpike Road is intended to be made under the direction of the Commissioners appointed by an Act passed 40 Geo. III. and that one-half of the expence thereof will be defrayed out of any money that may be granted by Parliament for repairing Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, and the other half out of an Assessment on the Proprietors of Lands in the said County; and that the Tolls to be collected at the Turnpikes to be erected on the said Road are intended to be applied in aid of the money accruing from the said Grant and Assessment; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared 9 to

Bath, fee. Small Debts Petition.

Dopcke’f Nat. Petition.

Sutherland

Road3

Petition,

reported.

45 Geo. III. 1° Mcirtii.

109

to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty the sum of 20,000. to'be issued and applied towards making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, and for enabling the Proprietors of Lands, in Scotland, to charge their Estates with a proportion of the expence of making and keeping in repair Roads and Bridges, in the Highlands of Scotland, was read:—And, a Member present informed Your Committee, That, in order to insure the making and erecting the Roads and Bridges, which it shall appear to the Commiflkmers appointed by the said Act advisable to make and erect in the County of Sutherland, it is expedient to empower the Commissioners of Supply of the said County to assess themselves, and every Proprietor of Land in the said County, rateably and proportionably according to their respective valued Rents, in such sum and sums of Km Money as may be necessary for the making and erecting

such Roads and Bridges in the said County, in addition to one-half of the estimated expence thereof, which the said Commissioners are by the said recited Act authorized to defray, in the manner therein directed :—That it is intended that a Road shall be made from a place called Portinleik, in the Pai ith of Creech, in the said County of Sutherland, to another place called The Ord, in the Parish of in the same County; and that Bridges

should be built upon the said line of Road, particularly one Bridge across the River at or near Portinleik

aforesaid, extend:ng from the said Parish of Creech, in the said County of Sutherland, to the opposite site of the River, in the Parish of Kincardine, in the County of Ross, and another Bridge across the River in the

Parish of Loth, in the said County of; and

that the said Road and Bridges shall be made and built, pursuant to the said recited Act, and by means of an Assessment in the manner before mentioned; and it is expedient that Tolls and Duties should be levied on the said Road and Bridges, for the better keeping the fame in repair:—That a reasonable compensation in money, in place of labour, may in many instances be more useful and effectual for the purpose of making and repairing the Roads to be made in the said County o pursuant to the said recited Act, and by means of an Assessment as aforesaid, and the other Roads in the said County than the actual service required by the Laws now in force p'[. relative to Highways.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ajrrflrir*

Roads

additional

Petition,

reported.

id

■ Iuftni&ion.

Sir Hero Dalrymple Hamilton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for the Turnpike Roads in the County of was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered 'it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed Your Committee, That it would be beneficial to the Public, if provision were made in the Bill, now depending, for repairing several Roads in the County of Ayr, to include a Road from East of Netcmills to Overmuir, in the said County, in the Road to Eagle (ham.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for altering, amending, and consolidating several Acts for repairing Turnpike Roads in the County of Ayr, for repairing other Roads therein, and for making more effectual the Statute Labour in the said County, is committed, That they have power to make provision in the said Bill for repairing the Road from Ajlojrfwple, East of Newmills, to Overmuir, in the County of Ayr.

-^r ^ew Dalrymple Hamilton reported from the Com-

Wtition,’ mittee, to whom the Petition of several Persons who *>«>. Vol. 60.

have entered into a subscription towards the expence of making a Harbour, Wet Docks, Basons, and other works, at Ardroffan, in the county of f Ayr, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Cleric’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomai Telford being examined, said. That there is a Promontory or point called Ardroffan in the Parish of Ardroffan, in the County of Ayr, terminated by a ridge of Rocks stretching for a considerable way into the sea, in a north-west direction, immediately opposite to which, at the distance of about half a mile to the north-west, there is an island called The Horse I fie, stretching nearly in a north and south direction towards the shore; which Promontory and ridge of Rocks on the one side, and the said Island on the other, completely protest a capacious Bay formed between them, from the winds and storms; and that there is a depth of water to the extent of about thirty feet at low water, ordinary spring tides, between the extremity of the said ridge of Rocks towards the Sea and the said Island, being the entrance to the said Bay; and within the same there is a depth of from twelve to eighteen feet, at low water, ordinary spring tides, with good anchorage ground, and the tide rises to the height of about ten feet in ordinary stre&m tides; and that the said Bay may be formed into a safe and commodious Harbour, which may be entered at all times of the tide, and with any wind, by Vessels of the largest burthen, by constructing Piers upon the said ridge of Rocks, whereby a safe and commodious station may be aftorded to Ships of War on that part of the Coast, and the Trade of that part of the United Kingdom, and the intercourse between Ireland and Scotland, may be greatly promoted; and that the Shipping resorting thereto will be further accommodated by the erection of Wet Docks and Basons, and the constructing of other Works for that purpose, for which the situation of the place is peculiarly favourable.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for erecting and maintaining a Harbour, Docks, and other Works, at Ardroffan, in the County of Ayr: And that

Sir Hew Daln/mleHamilton, Mr. Secretary at War, and

Mr. MacdmoaU, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Egerton reported from the Committee, to whom Peak Forest the Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Ca nl Peak Forest Canal more effectually to provide for the dif- report charge of their debts, and to complete the said Canal, and the Cut, Railways or Stone Roads, and other works thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Journeymen Calico Printers, Calico Cutlers, and Drawers, working in the several Counties Printers of Lancaster, Chester, Derby, Stafford, Cumberland, - Pcunon‘

nark, Perth, Renfrew, Glasgozo, and other places, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That two Sessions have elapsed since the Petitioners first petitioned the House; and that the Minutes of the Evidence adduced by them before a Committee, appointed in the last Session of Parliament, was printed by order of the House; and the Petitioners conceive their case to be of such a nature as to induce the House to grant them relief: therefore praying. That their Evidence may be taken into consideration, and that such protection may be granted to them, as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

F f A Petition

St. Martin’s Burial Ground Petition.

Lea

Navigation

Petition.

Petition

respecting

Pilchard

Fishery.

110 .1 °Martii. A. 1805.

A Petition of several Trustees for executing an Act, export, which, together with the precarious state of that passed in the last Session of Parliament, for providing an Country, have continued to depress the price in tl«e additional Burial Ground, and erecting a Chapel thereon. Home Market for several preceding years; and that the for the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County renewal of the said Bounty is of much importance to of Middlesex, was presented to tire House, and read; this extensive Branch of Trade: And therefore praying setting forth. That the Petitioners have made great pro- the House to take such measures for their relief as to then* gress in the execution of the said Act, but find they may seem meet.

shall not be able to complete the several works thereby Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the directed to be done, unless they are entitled to raise a consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine further sum of Money for carrying on the fame: And the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in to them, to the House:

a Bill for that purpose. And it is referred to Mr. Gregor, Sir William

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to fend for persons, papers, and records, to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Peter Moore, Mr. Byng, &c.: Lord Viscount Boyle presented to the House, according cork and

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of to Order, a Bill for the better amending and repairing of Limerick the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power the Road leading from the bounds of the Counties of to fend for persons, papers, and records. Limerick ami Cork, between the Towns of Kilniallock aiul

Charleville, to the City of Cork: And the fame was re-

A Petition of several Trustees for the Navigation of ceived; and read the first time, the river Lea from the Town of Hertford to the River ltefolved. That the Bill be read a second time.

Thames, and of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders,

and Owners of Estates in the County of Hertford, was A Petition of the retail Merchants of the City of - Petition from

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an donderry, w’as presented to the House, and read; setting Act was passed, iz Geo. II. for ascertaining, preserving, forth, That, by the present existitig Revenue Laws of 6 percent

and improving, the Navigation of the River Lea, from Ireland, various articles of trade are subject, on their the Town of Hertford to the Town of Ware, in the importation by a Retailer, to an additional Duty of County of Hertford, and for preserving and improving j£. 6 per-cent, on the Duties payable determined by other Merchants;

the said River, from the Town of Ware to the New Cut and that a Law founded on such distinctions must be or River made by the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens partial and oppressive: And therefore praying the House of London, and for enabling the Governor and Company to repeal the fame.

of the Neiv River the better to supply the Cities of London Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table-

and Westminster, and the liberties and suburbs thereof,

with good and wholesome Water; and that another Act A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Pari Hi NoTtnn was passed, 7 Geo. III. for improving the Navigation of of Horton, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the said River, from the Town of Hertford to the River the House, and read; setting forth, That there are in the Thames, and for extending the said Navigation to the said Parish certain Open Fields and Meadow's, and Corn-flood gates belonging to the town mill in the said Town monable and intermixed Lands; and if the lame were of Hertford; and that another Act W'as passed, 19 Geo. divided and inclosed, they might be considerably im-III. for preserving the Navigation of the said River in proved: And therefore praying. That leave may be given the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Middlesex; and that to bring in a Bill for those purposes. the Trustees appointed for carrying the said Acts into Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-execution have borrowed and expended several confide- suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. rable sums of Money in making and improving the said Wilkins and Admiral Berkeley do prepare, and bring in. Navigation; but it has been found, that the powers and the fame, provisions of the said Acts are in several respects defective, and it is necessary that some amendments and alte- A Petition of the Persons whose names are thereunto Petition from rations should be made therein, and further powers subscribed, being the incorporated Trades, Friendly So-granted; and it is also expedient that some of the powers cieties, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Town of La- comAfo. granted by the said first recited Acts should be revived: nark, the Inhabitants of New Lanark, and Friendly So-

And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring cictfes and Inhabitants of Douglas Parish and Neighbour-in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid. hood, \vas presented to the House, and read; taking

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the notice of the high prices of provisions, particularly of consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine Flour and Bread Corn; and praying for the repeal of an the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear Act, made in the last Session, for regulating the Impor-to them, to the House: tation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and also of so

And it is referred to Mr. Plumer, Mr. William Baker, much ofian Act, 31 Geo. III. as relates to imposing ad-&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine ditional Duties on Foreign Com warehoused in Great of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power Britain, and taken out for home consumption. to fend for persons, papers, and records. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several principal Adventurers in the Lord Archibald Hamilton reported from the Com- Lanark Pilchard Fishery, being offered to be presented to the mittee, to whom the Petition of several Owners of Land House; it* the County of Lanark, was referred; That the Com- Lpe£°ition,

Mr. Long, by His Majesty’s command, acquainted the mittee had examined and found that the said Petition is reported. House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the con- Turnpike Bills, the application being only for regulating federation of the House. the Statute Labour in the said County; and that the

* Then the said Petition wras brought up, and read; set- Committee had examined the matter of the said Peti-ting forth, That an Act was passed, 39 Geo. III. for tion, and had directed him to report the some, as it granting an additional Bounty on Pilchards exported, appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Re-which will expire 011 24th June next ensuing; and that, port in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the fence the parting of the said Act, a very great advance Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is.,- fol-has taken place in almost every article of consumption loweth; viz.

in the said Fishery, as well as a great addition to the To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a labouring part; and that, the Market for Pilchards being Member present informed Your Committee, that the confined to the Italian Ports, great inconvenience has Laws now fubfilling for building and repairing Bridges, avifen, and very, extraordinary expences attended, the have been found ineffectual in the said County, and other .. 5 and

Die . ed by

i° Martii.

lit

1

Petitlo* Of Mr. Eyre, for Relief.

Bambridgg

Inclosure

fftition.

'I Bury Hill, Mied,

45 Gk6. III.

and further powers are necessary, in order to cany the to Burr/, to faife Money to complete the same, was read purposes of the said Laws into execution, and it would the third time.

be for the advantage of the said County, to convert the An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, Statute Services into Money, and to ascertain the rates by way of Ryder, to authorize the purchase of Lands for thereof, and mode of levying the fame, and also to autho- . building warehouses.

rize an additional Assessment on the Heritors and other And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Persons in the said County, for the making of Highways Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be and Bridges through the fame. made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to making effectual and converting the Statute Labour in the Bill, by way of Ryder, for empowering the Company the County of Lanark, for repairing and regulating the to fell Lands.

Highways, and for increasing the assessment called Bridge And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Money, within the said County: And that Lord Archi- Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be bald Hamilton and Mr. Dickson do prepare, and bring in, made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, directing that before Lands are refold, the same shall be offered, to the Persons front whom they were purchased.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, declaring that the words grant, bargain, and sale, shall be taken to be express Covenants.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, directing the application of Rents.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from to Bolton and to,

to raise Money to complete the same.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackbume of Lancashire do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

the fame.

A Petition of Robert Eyre, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That in July 1781 the late Lieutenant Samuel Eyre, then of His Majesty’s Sloop of War the Nymph, with a small detachment of Seamen and Marines, surprized and captured the Dutch Fort and Factory of Chinfurah, which is distant from Calcutta about thirty miles; and that Lieutenant Eyre was in the complete and unmolested possession of his said conquest for several hours, and until constrained involuntarily to relinquifti the fame by a force of Sepoys under the command of Captain Chat field, in the employ and pay of the British East India Company, who thereby obtained possession, and unlawfully converted to their use immense properties, jullly the prize of Lieutenant Eyre and his detachment; and that, on the Company’s refusal to make restitution of the captured properties, the Navy Captors instituted a suit in the High Court of Admiralty, in the usual way, to obtain redress; and that the cause was first heard ten years subsequent to the said surprize and capture, when the then Judge was pleased to pronounce a joint capture through the Navy Captors and India Company’s Troops; and that against this decree, and against three subsequent and distinert decrees or orders of the said Judge, the said Company interposed as many appeals, in three of which, the decisions appealed from were affirmed by the Lords, and the fourth appeal the said Company did not prosecute; and that in 1793 the said Judge appointed certain Commissioners to examine books and vouchers at the India House, who reported that the said Company ought to account for 246,995. gs. 4 and that of the said sum the said Company have never yet paid more than £. 187,180. i8r. 4 and under the said decree of joint capture, against which the said

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Honiton Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ' electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, in the room of George Shum,

Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return Return of

Company appealed, the said Company have been repaid °£ "um^er of Recruits ra^d for the Army, from the fortke - 1 ft of January 1804 to the 1 ft of February 1805, speci-

one moiety, or no less than 93,590. gv. 2d.; and it inconteftibly appears they retain the sum 59,814.1 is.;

and that in the year 1796 the said Company obtained a suspension of the said Judge’s prior order for the payment of the said sum of £.59,814. nr.; and that the said Company still continue to withhold the said balance, to the manifest injury of the Petitioner, who is the brother and heir of the said Lieutenant Eyre: And therefore praying. That the said Company may be constrained to pay the said sum of £.59,814. nr. into His Majesty’s Treasury, to abide the customary distribution, or that the Petitioner may have such other relief as the House shall deem him entitled to.

fying the numbers raised in each month.

Army,

ordered.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant presented. to their Order; the said Return:—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Return be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Return is inserted in the Appendix to Appendix this volume. .(No. 15.)

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee on

tm mm emiuea io. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon BUh

Ordered, That the said Petition do he upon the Table. t]ie jjm for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and fot

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Manor or Lordship of Bainbridge, in the Parish of Aifgarth, in the North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are in the said Manor or Lordship, certain Commons, Moors, or Wastes, and also certain Common Stinted Pastures; and if the fame were divided and inclosed, they would be greatly improved: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Wilberforce and Mr- Henry Lafcclles do prepare, and bring in, the famer

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Compa ny of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to Boltort and

■VOL. 60.

the better payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read:—And the fame being read; the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday

next

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Crinan Canal, being offered to be presented to the House j

Mr.

Crinan Canal Company's . Petition.

112

1° Mar

A. 1805.

London Port Improvement Petition.

Salt Duties Bill, jprei'ented.

Ireland— Returns ordered:

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth. That an Act was passed, 33 III. for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Lock Gilp to Loch Crinan, in the Shire of Argyll; and that, in

1799, an Act was passed authorizing the Barons of the Coiirt of Exchequer in Scotland to advance 25,000 to the Petitioners, out of the Money arising from the sale of the forfeited Estates in Scotland, for which sum a preferable security exists on the said Canal; and that another Act was passed about the same time, to enable the Petitioners , to raise more money from the original Subscribers; and that not only the whole Money advanced by the Subscribers, but also the said loan from Government, and the sum of £.5,000 borrowed from the Bank of Scotland, together with the Tolls levied on the Navigation, have been expended in this great national undertaking, and considerable debts are now due to Contractors and others for work and materials, and for Money advanced on account of the said Canal; for the liquidation of which, and to completely fini/li the Canal, and make a Pier at the East end, and other necessary works, a further sum of money is stili wanting; and the Petitioners submit that this Canal is particularly entitled to the aid of Parliament, and, as there is no other means of completing it but by a public loan, they hope that their application for such aid will be favourably received, and that the Revenues which the Canal will produce, if finished, according to a reasonable proportion of the goods and commodities now carried by Sea, and which qannot fail to pass through it, will be an ample security to the Public for such additional loan: And therefore praying for such relief as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door, they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London', in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; setting forth. That an Act was passed, 39 Geo. III. for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating, the Port of London; by which Act the Petitioners were authorized and im-powered to make and conllruft large and extensive Works for the Safety and Accommodation of Ships and Vessels frequenting the said Port, and to receive certain Sums of Money, as therein mentioned, for that purpose; and that the Funds so provided proved inadequate to the expences necessarily incurred, and an Act was passed, 3 Geo. III. to authorize the advancement of further sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund for completing the said Canal and other Works; and that the said Works are in a very forward Hate, but cannot be completed according to the intentions and directions of the said Acts unless a further sum of Money be provided for that purpose, and tire powers and provisions of the said Acts are in some respects altered and amended: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Hujkijfon presented to die House, according to Order, a Bill for granting additional Duties on Salt in Great Britain: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the several new Taxes and additional Duties of

Customs and Excise, charged in Ireland by any Act or Tam. Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom since the ill day of January 1801; distinguishing the years in which the fame were respectively charged, the produce thereof in each year from their commencement, and the amount thereof in the whole, down to the 5th of January 1805.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Re>- T turn of the stock in hand, in Ireland, on the 10th day of July 1804, of Teas, distinguishing the prices at which the fame were purchased at the East Sales; of Wines,

Sugars, Malt, and Spirits distilled in Ireland, with the amount of the additional Duty charged thereon respectively by any Act of the last Session of Parliament, specifying the fame in British and Irish currency; and also the amount of the increase of certain Public Revenues in Ireland, by making the same payable in British currency, Hating the fame in British and currency, from the 10th day of July 1804 to the 5th day of January 1805.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Re- Cnfltwnsand turn of all Duties of Customs and Excise charged in Excise* Ireland, and outstanding on Bond, or otherwise, on the 5th day of January 1805; distinguishing the several articles, and the dates of such Bonds respectively, and the periods at which such Bonds are respectively payable.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Re- ciril til. turn of the Civil List of Ireland, distinguistied into its fep'arate Classes, according to an Act, passed 33 Geo. III. specifying whether any and what savings have been made in any and which of the said classes, in consequence of any other and what provisions being made lor any and which of the Officers in the said classes respectively enumerated, or by any other and what means, and the application of such savings; specifying all such additions, if any, as have been made to any and which of the said classes, the authority by which the fame made, end the several payments made on account of such additions.

Lord William Russell, from the Select Committee who Dewmuiu-were appointed to try and determine the merits of the competition of the several Persons, whose names are there- Knawfoo? unto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, _roa5k being lawful Electors of the Borough of Knaresborough, in the County of York, concerning the last Return for the said Borough, informed the House,

That the said Committee have determined, that the said Petition did not appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, that the said Committee have determined, that the Defence of John Carr and James,

Returning Officers of the said Borough, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And also, that the said Committee have determined, that a new Writ ought to be illiied for the election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough:

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- New writ, posed. That Mr. Speaker do not issue his Warrant for the ordered, making out a new Writ for the election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Knaresborough, before this day fortnight the 15th day of this instant March;

The said Motion was, with leave of the House, withdrawn:

And Mr. Speaker was directed to issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ accordingly.

Lord William Ritjfdl also acquainted the House, That Report the said Select Committee had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and aftemards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, that no Election was held, nor any Return made of a Burgess to

serve

Return,

reported.

relpe6ftn£

Riots, See,

45 Geo-. III.

Minutes*

ordered*

serve in parliament For the Borough of Kncrre/borough, in the County of York, in compliance with His Majesty\s V/rit, bearing date the 9th (lay of July last pafr> directed to the Sherirt’ of York for that purpose.

Brfokrdy That it appears to this Committee, That John Carr and Jam* Collins, Bailiffs and Returning Officers of the said Borough, were prevented from proceeding to the Election of a Burgess to lerve in t! 1 is pre-lVnt. Padimnent for the said Borough, according to the Precept delivered to them by virtue of the King’s Writ as aforesaid, by a violent tumult, which took place in the said Borough oh the 30th of July lull past, the day appointed by Proclamation for holding inch Election.

RrfolvHy That it appears to this Committee, That Jr. frnh Mo foil Allen, Pickard Deices, Thomas Abbott, WWiam Whitehead, Ann House man, William Allison, auctioneer; and a person of the name of llenlock, were principally concerned in infligating or committing the outrages which took place in the said tumult, whereby the Returning Officers were prevented from holding an Election for a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further confederation nponTuefday levennight, the 12th day of this instant March.

Ordered, That a Copy of the Minutes of the Proceedings of the said Committee, be laid before this I louse.

i° Martin

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Yv a vs and Aicaus for railing' the Simply granted to 11 is Ma icily;

Re/b/ved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways an<i Me deferred.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, refol ve into a Committee of the whole I louse, to consider deterred, further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Rejbkrd, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the third reading Poftaee of the ingossed Bill for granting certain additional Rates Dunes bn!.

and Duties on the conveyance of Letters:—The'fa id Bill ■was read the third time.

An ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for reducing the Duty on Newspapers sent determined by the Two-penny Poll. v

And the said Clause was thrice read; and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to'by the House to be made part of the Bill, determined by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting certain additional Rates and Duties in Great Britainon the conveyance of Letters.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

passed.

Committfeon ' The House, according to Order, resolved itfHf into a Horirs Committee of the whole Hoitfo, upon the Pill for "rmit-Eutia Bill. j|]<r f0 llis Majesty additional Duties on eertam Horses and Mules, and for eon foil dat in" the fuiri additional Duties with the present Duties ihereon.

Mr. Speaker h ft the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Ghalr.

Mr. A'erander cox o\ter! Com the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and vr.a fever,.! Amendments thereunto; which they had directed ban to report, when the House wi'l please to receive the fonm.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Mutico for The- House was moved, That an Act, made in the 43d tunmuing year of His present Majesty, for appointing Commis-Hfpfflirgr sioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities, rltarri* or -Mmfes, which are or have been praHifed by

fvptneded. Persons employed in the feV ral Naval Departments therein mentioned, and in the business of Prize Agency; and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for preventing such Irregularities, Frauds, and Abofes; and for the better conducting and managing tire business of the said Departments, and of Prize Agency, in future, might Ire read :—And the fame being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the fair! AH, for a time to be limited;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the other Orders of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, \ kfr

£ Mr. Long:

S

Q2.

IS-

Tellers for the Noes. { J{j; ‘Ctraf,:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A-e And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for f'k'iff of re^,n',1g Bre adjourned Debate on the Question, That the Ipiitiu, House do agree with the Select Committee appointed uu jitd to try and determine the merits of tire several Petitions, U ' complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Middlesex, in the first Resolution of the said Committee;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Debate be now resumed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till this day sevennight.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee, to whom it was referred to examine the E llIn<1'a several Lists, which had been delivered in at the Table in •,udicjture* pursuance of the directions of an Act ma le 26 Geo. III. for the further regulat ion of the trial of Persons aecufed of certain offences committed in the East Indies', and for other purpofos therein mentioned; That the Committee had examined the Lists accordingly; and had directed him to report to the House, the name of every Member whose name appeared in twenty or more of the said Lifts; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

'Hie House was moved, That the Clause in the said Act, directing that the names of such Persons who should appear to hob., or to have held, any of the offices or employments therein specined, should he firuck out of the said Report, by the Order of the House, might be read :—And the fame being read;

The said Report was read; and is as followeth; vi~.

Sir Robert John Buxton, Baronet, the Honourable John Scott, Ilans Shave, Esquire, the Right Honourable Bere-ford, Charles Shaw Lefevre, Esquire, / Banket,

Esquire, the Right Honourable John AJAingfon,

Sir Wiliam El ford, Baronet, William Eflpiire,

Sir Laurence Parsons, Baronet, Sir Edmund Hartopp, Baronet, the Honourable Henry the

Right Honourable Charles Ba'hur/l, Edmund M‘ Naghfen, Esquire, Thomas Tyrzchitt Jones, Esquire;

Lord Visconnt Mometh, the Lord De William

Logon, Esquire, William Bagwell, Esquire, James Far-quhdr, Esquire, Sir William Heat Baronet, the Right Honourable Nathaniel Bond, Sir John Stuart, Baronet, William Baker, Esquire, Lord Viscount Mar/ham, the Right Honourable Nicholas Va, Lord Henry Petty, William Morton Pitt, Esquire, Isaac Hawkins Brozcne, Esquire, the Right Honourable Yorke,

Sir John Wrottejlcv, Baronet, Anthony Eyre,

Esquire, George William Gunning, Esquire, Charles Stewart Haw/home, Esquire, Lord Viscount Kirk

Sir Robert Peel, Baronet, William Odell, Esquire, William Manning, Esquire, Ralph Sheldon, Esquire, Lord Viscount Boyle.

Ordered, That the Earl Temple have leave to make a Return of Motion, it being half an hour after eight of the clock;—

And he moved the House accordingly. ordered.’1’

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the Private Men now serving in the Militia of Great Britain, to the latest period to which the fame can be made out.

G g Mr.

114 1°—4°

Ex^rin Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee on Tcm-

Law'S porary Laws of a public and general nature—and who were instructed to report their opinion, from time to time, to the House, which of the said Laws are fit to he revived, continued, or made perpetual; That the Committee had made a further enquiry, and had come to another Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander have leave to make a Motion ;—And he moved the House accordingly.

And the said Report was brought up, and delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Refutation of the Committee was read; and is as followeth;

Be Poked, That it is the Opinionof this Committee, That an Aid, made 43 Geo. 111. intituled, "An Act fordif-" continuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing " other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof, until the " 15th day of January 180}," which was continued by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament until the 13th day of March 1805, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolution being read a second time •,

Instruction. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole I louse, to whom it is referred to consider of the Act mentioned in the Resolution which was yesterday reported from the said Committee on Temporary Laws, That they do consider of the Act mentioned in the Resolution now reported to the House.

Sierra Leone Ordered, That Mr. Henry Thornton have leave to Pet'iJion^'* ma^c a Motion:—And he moved the House aceord-ingly—and having offered to present to the House, a Petition of the Court of Directors of the Sierra Leone Company;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the confuleration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners having, in the last Session of Parliament, presented to the House a Petition for the continuance of a grant of 10,000. for the support of the Settlement of Sierra Leone, and for such other relief as to the House ffioukl seem meet, a Committee was appointed, which reported favourably on the said Petition; and that in coufeqtienee thereof the sum of £.28,000. was voted in the last Session for the maintenance of the Company’s Elrablishment for two years, and for Works of Defence; and praying, That the sum of £. 10,000. may he granted in like manner in the present year for the maintenance of the Company’s Civil Establitlnnent, and of £ 4,000. for the support of a Volunteer Force, and the further sum of ,£'.4,000. for the completion of Works of Defence, in conformity to the recommendation of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Mtiming next, Ten of the clock.

Lunev 4°;

Anno 430 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1805.

P It A V F, R .<?.

l'-n:;ite and TV TR. Baldii'inpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill lor continuing the term, and altering RmiMSiil, and enlarging the powers, of two Acts passed in the 3*1 fit p.'tK-med year of hi s late Majesty, and the qth year of 11 is present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from Pengafe to La/ehet/’sBridge, ami other Roads therein described, in the County of 1 Tilts, lb far as the same relate to the First Dilirirt of Road therein mentioned, and for amending other Roads near or adjoining to the said Roads: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Rejbleed, That the Bill he read a second time.

Martii. . 1805.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin be added to the Gentle- Member men who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill *<tded to to amend so much of an Act, made in the 29th year of Forfar His present Majesty, as relates to the assessment in lieu Roads Bill, of Statute Labour in Burghs and upon Burgh Hoods in the County of Forfar.

Mr. Baldwin presented to the House, according to presented. Order, the said Bill: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refulved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Antony’* naturalizing John Antony, was read the first. time. Nat’®lll>

Refulved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Pons naturalizing James Samuel Pons, was read the first time. Nat>

Refulved, That the Bill be read a second time. ’

The Clerk appointed to attend the Select Committees Minutes of on controverted Elections, presented, pursuant to the Order of the House—A Copy of the Minutes of the Pro- rough ceedings of the Select Committee, who were appointed to Return* try and determine the merits of the Petition of the several pre en * * Persons whole names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, being lawful Electors of the Borough of Knarefhormigii, in the County of York, concerning the lad Return for the said Borough.

Ordered, That the said Minutes do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Minutes, together with the Minute* &c. Report which upon Friday last was made from the said to be printed. Committee, be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Minutes are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Selhon.

The House being informed, that Mr. Ilutcliifnn, from Account of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended at the door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the amount of the Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in circulation on the 13th day of each month, from December 1803 to 15th February 1803, inclusive; distinguishing the Notes under five pounds.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to Appendix, this volume. (No. 31.)

"Mr. Peter William Baker reported from the Com- Bowyer'* mittee, to-whom the Petition of Robert Pall

Mall, in the Comtly of Middlesex, Esquire, was referred; reported. Tlvat the Committee had examined the matter of the said'

Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s 'fal'le: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Robert.

Smirke, Esquire, one of the Members of the Royal Academy, being examined, said. That Mr. Bowyer, during the peace of 178 3, amidst the publication of other AV orks of Art in which he was then engaged, commenced the publication of a splendid edition of Humes History of England, which is well calculated to promote the Arts of Painting and Engraving, it being a work, in which the most perfect specimcns of engraving from paintings by artists of this Country are exhibited, and which the Witness conceives to be a national concern and honour:—

And, Mr. John Batchelor being examined, said, That Mr.

Boinjcr has at a very considerable expence, during several years part, formed a most valuable collection of Paintings,

Drawings, and Engravings, by Artists of this Country which has been for several years publicly exhibited in Pall Mall, under the name of The Hilioric. Gallery; and has besides various other works, proceeded topublifha moll Ipleudid edition of Hume's History of England,

2 ornamented

45 Geo. III. 4° Mart'll.

115

ornamented with engravings by art ids, and has

there!)v contributed to the encouragement of t he arts of painting and engraving, and to secure to this Country a fupenority in those arts over all other nations: That the sources of abidance upon which the Petitioner depended, have in a great measure failed, and he has incurred very great' difficulties in the prosecution of his design; and it has become necessary for him to dispose of his collection of paintings, drawings, and engravings, and of the copies of his edition of Humes Hi (lory oi England now remaining on his hands unfold:—And the Witness added. That there were a great number of Foreign Subscribers at the beginning of the work, who, in consequence of the disordered date of the Continent, have discontinued their subscriptions, and their arrears now remain unpaid to the great lots of the Petitioner, whose expences in the prosecution of the concern has amounted to£. 54,000 and upwards:

—And,

Mr. Thomas Bevfleybeing examined, said, That it is not likely that the Petitioner can dispose of his works by the common mode of sale, but at a very great lot’s, and unlei’s the Petitioner is enabled by the abidance of Parliament to dispose of the lame to the heft advantage, the Petitioner’s endeavours to promote the honour of this Country by encouraging the arts of Painting and Engraving will prove highly injurious and detrimental, if not absolutoly ruinous to him :—And, Mr. Berkley (the Printer of the Work) and lathe Eli pure,

Printer, being examined, proved the very great expence incurred, by preparing the types which were cut on purpose for this work, there being none in the Kingdom lhnilar:—Then,

Mr. Smirke being again examined, said, That he has inspeeied the Petitioner’s works, and he considers the publication of the Hiliory of England to he superior to any other work of the fame fort; and that works of this nature arc of the greater public utility, as affording the only encouragement which is given to hidorical paintings :—And the Witness added. That he conceives no other mode of sale than by a Lottery, would enable the Petitioner to dispose of his collection without cou-liderable loss, because the pieces if fold separately, would not fetch any thing equal to their value :— Then,

Sir Henry Charles Englcfi. Id, Baronet, being examined, said, That he considers works of this nature as of high consequence to the Country; and that he knows from his own knowledge, that of late years they have afforded aimed the only encouragement to hidorical painting, and have been of the greatest encouragement to the improvement of the art of Engraving; and that the very extreme excellence of the Typographical art of this country is entirely owing to works of this nature; that the great, improvement in paper and printing ink is to be attributed lo works of this kind, and to none more than to this great work; that with respect to the present work, he certainly considers it as, at lead, equal to any work of the fort that has been undertaken in this or any other country •, that the Typographical part is Angularly well executed, and that the embollishments, befules being executed w it h the greateb excellence as works of art, and from the deiigns of the bed matters in this country, have many of them the peculiar merit of conveying much use-ful information with respect to Hidorical Antiquities.— And the Witness added. That a collection of this fort cannot be disposed of by the common mode of sale, without. ruin to the Proprietor:—And,

Mr. Hansard and Mr. Benjhy being again examined, dated, That in consequence of the great rife in the price of printing and paper, a number of tills work, worth, when it commenced, one guinea, would now be worth nearly double that sum; while there w as a necessity of adhering to the original price from the engagement ■which the Petitioner had entered into with the subscribers fourteen years ago.

Sir Henry Charles Engleficldconfirmed the above

datement concerning the great increase in the price of materials and work in printing, from his own personal knowledge in having attended to the concerns of the Vol 6o.

Society of Antiquaries; and dat ed, that the lab numbers of this work are equal, if not superior, in point of execution to the earlier numbers published.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge LortwlrMel the powers, of two A fits, passed in the ad and 24U1 years Emitted, of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Lqfkcithiel Turnpike Road, through to Riant

Lanehorne, and from Dennis Wa to three hundred yards on the South fide of Trelhhn in the County of Cornwall, was read a second time.

Ref lived. That the Bill be committed to Sir William Lemon, Mr. Gregor, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Popha-mand Mr. The Lords Stratford: ddlre Leave

f c 1 for S11 Jo.m

Mr. Speaker, Stewart to

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this atteilll a House, That the Lords do desire that this House will on, mittee* give leave to the Right honourable Sir John Stewart,

Baronet, a Member of this House, to attend their Lord-blips tomorrow, in order to his being examined as a w itness before the Committee appointed to consider of the matters which have been alleged against Mr. Justice Fox, and of the evidence which may be brought in support of the fame.

And then the MelTcngers withdrew.

And Sir John Stewart being present, stood up in his place, and declared, that he w as willing, with leave of the House, to go to the House of Lords, as is deftred by their Lordships in the said Meil’age.

Refalved, That Sir John Stewart have leave to go to the Leave given. Lords, as is deftred by their Lordships in their said Mef-sage, if he thinks fit.

And the Mefl’engers being again called in, Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith:—And then they again withdrew.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of Petitions

Paifey: And also, Conf Am

A Petition of the Baillies and Trustees of the united Boroughs and Towns of Port and Newark,

in the County of Renfrew, in Council adembled: And > also,

A Petition of several Persons redding in the Town and Abbey Parishes of Paisley, and the fuvrounding Villages

of Barrhead, Kilbarchan, Hou/lovn, and in

the County of Renfrew: And also,.

A Petition of several Persons redding in the Town and Parish of Loch: cinnoch, in the County of Renfrew': And

also,

A Petition of the several Members of the three charitable Societies, and others the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Beith: And also,

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Common Council, of the City of Glasgow: And also,

A Petition of the Directors of the' Chamber of Commerce and Manufactures, established by Royal Charter, in the City of Glasgoxo: And also,

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Burgh of Ren-fre: e: And also,

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the City of gow, in the County of Lanark, audits neighbourhood:

And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates and Common Council of the Royal Burgh of Dumbarton: And also,

A Petition of several Persons redding in Glasgow:

And also,

A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Common Council, of the Borough of Ru/berglen: And also,

A Petition of several "Members of the five Incorporated Trades of the Royal Burgh of Dumbarton, and Inhabitants of the said Burgh and its Vicinity;

Were fevera’.ly prefen ted to the House, and read; taking notice of the high prices of Providons, particularly of Flour and Bread Com; and praying for the repeal of an Act, made in the la-ft SeiuOn, for regulating the Importation and Exportation

, d by

lie

Swindon and’ Fveriey Road Bill, pieiented.

Elgin and Forres Roads Bill, presented.

Petition of Laud Owners at; ainlt Sale Incioi'ure Bill.

Sutherland Roads Bill, ordered.

Edinburgh Police Bill, prtlcnted.

JIull Docks Kill, painted.

4° MarlU.

A. 1S05,

pollution of Com and Grain; and also of so much of the Act of 31 (rCO. III. as relates to imposing additional Duties on Foreign Corn warehoused in Great Britain, and taken out for home consumption.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the term and powers of two Acts, passed in the 2d and 24th years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road at or near Sic hi don to Marlborough, and from Mar borough to Ever ley, in the County of Wills: And the the fame was received; and ivad the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

to

Mr. Brodic presented to the House, according Order, a Bill for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Elgin, and for levying a Conversion in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the

making

and repairing the high Roads and Bridges in

the said County: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befo'ved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of several Persons intcrefied in a certain Moor, called Sale Moor, in the Parish of Ashton upon Mersey, in the County Palatine of Che/ler, was presented to the House, and read; taking notic e of the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township of Sale; and setting forth, That the said Bill contains divers powers and provisions, which will, if passed into a law, he very prejudicial to the rights and interests of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their agents, counsel, and witnesses against the said Bill; and that the fame may not pass into a law as it now hands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by

Mr. Binder reported from Hie Committee, to whom the Petition of several I ndices for executing inch parts of the several Arts which relate to repairing and amending the Road leading from the Town of Carlow to the City of Kilkenny, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of tin*

Carlow and Kilkenny Ro ids Pc* it ion, repotted.

House, rel; plied \\ ith: Petitioners Orders till

live to Turnpike Bills, had not been combat it appeared to the Committee, that the were not acquainted with such Standing the 5th day of February last; and that as soon as they were apprized thereof, the Petitioners did immediately eause Notices, in writing, of their application to Parliament, to be affixed on the respective doors of the Sessions Houses where the General Quarter Sessions for the Comities of Kilkenny and Carlow are held, and did also eause such notice to be printed and pubiillied three times in a certain Newspaper called The Leinster Journal, being the only Newspaper published in the said Counties; and it appeared to the Committee, that the term of the said Acts will expire on the id day of May next, and that great inconvenience and injury will arise to the Public, if leave be not given to bring in a Bill, during the present Session, to continue and enlarge the term and powers of the said Acts, inasmuch as a great part of the said Road leading from Carlow to Kilkenny (being pmt of the girat Road leading from the City of Dublin to the City of Cork) is at present in a 1110ft ruinous condition; and, iloubl the steps now taking to repair the fame be suspended and not put in execution during the next Summer, a great part of the said Road will he rendered ahnoft impailable, by means whereof the Public will he put to much inconvenience, and the

themselves, their agents, counsel, and witnesses, before

the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think tit.

Ordered, That il be an Infiruetion to the said Com-inittec, that they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have voices.

The House w as moved, That the Report which, upon Friday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of jfeveral Proprietors of Land in the County of Sutherland was referred, might be again read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for assefling the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Sutherland, towards the expence of making and sup-portipg such Roads and Bridges therein, as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the 4 3d year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland: And that Mr. Secretary at 'War, Mr. Mackenzie Frazer, the ‘Lord Advocate of Scotland, and Sir Charles liofs, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

movement of I lis Majestyks Forces and Ordnance from the City of Dublin to the South of Ireland be much impeded and embarrafed; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said several Acts were mid :—And, Mr. Abraham liothe, Treasurer to the said Trustees, being examined, said. That the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the fame into execution, and have for that purpose borrowed several sums of money on the credit thereof, and of the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken; which Money still remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Road properly maintained and improved, unless the term and powers of the said Acts

be further continued and enlarged, and the Tolls thereby

granted, increased.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

:>Ja

Oort

Dibs

CjBWf

U

Or to

lx*

trhc?

Ordered, That leave he given to bring in a Bill for Marine the Regulation of I lis Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces g.uin?B: while on shore: Anri that Mr. William Sir

Philip Stephens, and Sir Evan Nepean, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

HI,

Mr. Trail presented to the House, according to Order, S n!’«r a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in 1

the County of Suffolk: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

BcJ'olved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Bill

Mr. Robert Dundas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for regulalinsj the Police of the City of Edinburgh and the adjoining Didrifts, and for other purposes relating thereto: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Bcfolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Samuel Thornton prefeiitNl to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a further sum of money for carry in q: into execution an Act, passed in the 42c! year of His present Majesty, for making additional Batons or Docks at Kingston upon Hull: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

lief deed. That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Mutiny Bill, :• Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for o-tported, punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place •, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally pul thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

4 Ordered,

45 Geo.

III.

4°_5°

117

Ordered, That Tommorrow.

Ultimate of

Rcp:urs of St. Andrew’s Church Dublin, presented.

Append* (No. 23.)

Committee on an Expiring law.

the said Bill be read the third time " known) and upon every Mule, kept by any person or

" persons."

The House was also moved. That the Resolution which, Mr. Fofer presented to the House, pursuant to their upon the 25th day of February last, was reported from Order:—An Estimate of the Expence necessary to com- the said Committee, and was then agreed to by the House, plete the Repairs of the Parish Ciiurch of Saint Andrew might be again read:—And the fame was, as agreed to Dublin:—And the Title was read. by the House, read accordingly, and is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table. " That, towards raising the Supply granted

Answer to Address.

The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Act mentioned in the Resolution which, upon Thursday last, was reported from the Committee on Temporary T^iu s of a public and general nature; be now read:—And the fame being read; the House re-solved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. A1 zander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported to the

VAt t

fv£iT

" to His Majesty, an additional Duty of sixpence be " charged upon every Horse, Mare, or Gelding (not be-" ing chargeable with Duty as a Horse, Mare, or Geld--" ing kept for the purpose of riding, or for the purpose " of drawing any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, cala/h, -" chaise, or other carriage, by whatsoever name such " carriage is now or hereafter may be called or known)

" and upon every Mule, kept by any person or persons."

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Lovaine, Lord Viscount Mr. Long, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. Sturges Bourne, Mr. Ilufkiffbn, and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the second Salt Dude* reading of the Bill for granting additional Duties on Salt Bl,» in Great Britain, be now read:—And the fame being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-

committed*

House, That their Address of Wednesday last (that His posed, That the said Bill be now read a second time; Majesty would be graciously pleased to give directions rr" * ’ ‘ r ' ’

that the Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions accordingly.

Copies of Circular Letters to Lieutenants of Counties* presented.

ApptndiXy

i (No. 15.)

Horses Duties Bill, reported.

' Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty— Copies of all Circular Letters addressed by any of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State to His Majesty’s Lieutenants of Counties, respecting the execution of Acts 44 Geo. III. c. 56 & c. 66:—Together with a Sche-du'e:—And the said Schedu'e was read.

Ordered,'1 hat the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

The fa'd Papers are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to LTis Majesty additional Duties on certain Horses and Mules, and for consolidating the said additional Duties with the present Duties thereon, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the word " now," and at the end of the Question, to add the words, " upon this day six months."

And the Question being put. That the word "•now," Hand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth. Tellers for the Yeas,

f Mr. Bore,

I Mr. Husk:

1

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

S Lord William Buffett, ) Mr. Alderman Combe:)

93-

60.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Befolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself Property into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ?llties ®il1>

— .... ... — 1 deferred.

time, one by one; and, upon the Quest ion severally put granting to His Majesty additional Duties on the amount

Huflandry Horses Duties Bill, ordered.

thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

The House was moved, That the last of the Resolutions which, upon the 19th day of February last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and which Resolution was then agreed to by the House, might be again read:—And the fame was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly, and is as followeth;

" Befolved, That, towards railing the Supply granted " to His Majesty, an additional Duty of Seven Shillings " be charged upon every Horse, Mare, or Gelding (not " being chargeable with Duty as a Horse, Mare, or "Gelding kept for the purpose of riding, or for the " purpose of drawing any coach, berlin, landau, chariot, " calalh, chaise, or other carriage, by whatsoever name

•« 1.__________1____ ii_j___

of Assessments to be charged on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices.

Resolved, That this Lloufe will, upon Wednesday next. Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply * crK granted to His Majesty.

• Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next. Supply,

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to d«erred, consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 5° die

Anno 450 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1805. Prayers.

MR. Wilberforce presented to the House, according Westmorhmt , _ to Order, a Bill for continuing the term, and K0d,]j"^llcc

such carriage is now or hereafter may be called or altering and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in b.u’

VOX. 60. * H U r the preftmed.

118 &* Mar in. A. 1805.

* the 2d artd 24th yeats of His present Majesty, for repairing

the Roads from Kirkby Steven High Lane Head, in the County of Westmorland, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County, and in the Counties Of Yotk and Westmorland: And the tame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Edinburgh Mr. Abercromby reported from the Committee, to Pe°mion, whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and reporttdi Council Ordinary and Extraordinary, of the City of Edinburgh, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and foafid that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for supplying any City or Town with Water, as the Magistrates of the said City have already brought Water into the said City at , their own1 expence, and without having been under the'

necessity of obtaining power from Parliament for that purpose; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 7th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for extending the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh over certain adjoining Lands, and for other purposes, was read; whereby it appeared, that the Royalty of the said City was extended over a variety of Lands, which were disjoined from the Parishes of Saint and South Leith, and

annexed to the Parish of Saint Giles .*—And a Member present informed Your Committee, that it is now become expedient to have the Royalty still further extended over certain Lands, and Grounds adjacent to and to the North of the former extension, and situated within the said Pari fli of Saint Cuthberts; and that it is found necessary to have an additional Church erected within or adjacent to the present extended Royalty, in place of one of the Churches in the antient Royalty, and to translate the Minister or Ministers thereof to the Church to be erected, and also have a Church built and endowed on the Grounds to be annexed, so footi as there shall be a certain number of Inhabitants therein, and funds for such endowment; and that it is necessary to ascertain the claim of the said Parish of Saint Cuthberts, with respect to the maintenance of the Poof, on account of the Lands already, or proposed to be disjoined from the said Parish; and that the Petitioners have at a great expence brought Water to the City, have distributed the fame among the Inhabitants of the City, and of the eight Districts on the South of the City, and a few other places, and that it has become expedient to limit the rate of Water-duty for private Pipes, and the Petitioners agree to have the fame limited, and that they shall not be entitled to raise the Rate or Duty with respect to all private FamiHes and public Stables, higher than the respective Rates contained in their Act in Council, dated the 4th of February 1801, unless the previous consent of a number of official persons shall be obtained Upon being satisfied of any considerable expence being incurred, either by unforseen accidents or bringing in an additional supply' of water, but to be raised only to the extent and to continue during the period to he ascertained by them; but with respect to Brewers, Manufacturers, Porter-dealers, and others, using a great quantity of Water, that may be charged agreeably to the quantity they may be supposed to consume.—Then another Act, passed in the 39th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith, and for making a Wet Dock or Docks there, was read; whereby it appeared, that the Petitioners were authorized to borrow any sum or sums necessary for that purpose, not exceeding in the whole £. 80,000.—And the Member further informed Your Committee, That the sum is now found to be far short of the Sum necessary for completing the Dock and other Works, and therefore it has become necessary to authorize the Petitioners to borrow an additional sum of money upon the security granted by the

former Act, and that various other powers will be necessary for effecting these purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Royalty of Edinburgh for building two new Churches therein; for limiting the Rates payable for Water brought into the said City; and for raising a further sum of money for the improvement of the Harbour of Leith: And that Mr. Abercromby and Mr. Robert Dundat do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Abercromby reported from the Committee, to Petition of whom the Petition of the Excise Incorporation in Scotland, was referred; That the Committee had examined the in Scotian^ matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to re- reported. . port the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and. he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Toprove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. David Robert fan, being examined, said, That by virtue of Letters Patent from his late Majesty, the Persons employed in the Revenue of Excise in Scotland, were by Royal Charter, dated the 14th July 1748 (produced to Your Committee) erected and constituted into a Body Corporate, for the sole purpose of establishing, by annual contributions payable by the persons above-mentioned, a Fund for the support and relief of the Widows and Orphan Children of the Contributors; and that the Petitioners now find that their Capital, when the existing arrears are all paid, will amount folly to the Sum to which it is limited by the said Letters Patent and Charter; and that at the first Institution of the said Fund and Corporation, the total number of persons employed in the Excise in Scotland amounted only to about one-half of the number now employed therein, and the limitation of the Capital of the Fund was fixed on the foppo-fition that only a number of Annuitants corresponding to the number of persons then employed would come upon the Fund; but, as the number of Contributors has so much increased, and may hereafter still farther increase, in consequence of which a proportional number of Annuitants mull in time come upon the Fund, the Petit oners find, that unless they are empowered considerably to enlarge their Capital, the revenue of the Fund will be altogether insufficient to answer the demands upon it; and that the Annuities respectively provided to be given, as fixed at the commencement of the Institution, are too small, and quite inadequate to the present expence of living; they are therefore anxious to enlarge them, and for that purpose to collect additional contributions from the persons enjoying the benefit of the Fund; and that certain additional regulations for collecting and managing the Fund will bo necessary.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the powers of the Excise Incorporation in Scotland: And that Mr. Abercromby and Mr. Robert Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That the Report, which was Bowyer’* _ yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Peti- L<\tterX tion of Robert Bowyer, of Pall Mall, in the County of or ere MiddleJ'ex, Esquire, was referred, might be again read:

—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Robert Bowyer, of Pall Mall, in the City of Westminster, Esquire, to dispose of his collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, together with several copies of certain Books, by way of chance: And that Mr. Peter William Baker, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Morland, and Mr.

Long, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Trustees for putting in execution Plymouth an Act of 24 Geo. III. for repairing and widening the Road.s> &c-Road from the Shambles in the Borough of in petition,

the County of Devon, through Frankfort Gate to house Bridge, and other places in the said County, for lighting, watching, and watering the said Road, and for regulating the Stands and Fares of Carriages using the fame, was prtfonted to the House, and read; taking a notice

45 Geo. III. 5° MarHu 119

notice of tlte application for leave to bring i« a Bill for that Mr. butter and Mr. Ponsonby do prepare, and bring explaining and amending the said Act, and for extending in, the fame.

the term thereof; and setting forth. That it would be of Or That the Committee to whom the said Bill Committee on

great convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and of the Towns of Stonehouse and Plymouth Dock, and of public utility, if provisions were made in the said Bill for the making and maintaining a new branch of Road through George Street and Mill Prison Lane, to

a certain place called The Grove, and from thence to the Weft end of the Mound at Bay, and from thence along the footway on the South fide of Stonehouse Hill to. the Royal Marine Barracks, and from thence through Barrack Lane and Street, and over

the Quay in the Town of Stonehouse, to the East fide of Stonehouse Bridge; mid also for making and maintaining one other branch of Road from the Glacis of Plymouth Citadel, through Higher Mill Prison Lane, to the Grove aforesaid, all in the said County of Devon; and also for regulating the Stands and Fares of Hackney Coaches and Carts using the fame: And therefore praying. That provision may be made in the said BUI for otiefting the several purpOfes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Tmllees for putting in execution an Act, of the 24 th year of His present Majr fty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Shambles, in the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, through Frankfort Gate to Stonehouse Bridge, and from the Weft end of the said Bridge to the inner barrier Gate next the Playhouse, in the Parish of Stoke Damarel, in the said County, is referred: And that they do examine the matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

htitMu A Petition of the Guildry Incorporation of the City of Perth: And also,

*’ A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and its immediate vicinity; And also,

A Petition of the Magistrates and Council of the Town of Hamilton: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Burgh of glen: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Hamilton, and adjacent Villages: And aTo,

A Petition of the Incorporation of Weavers of the City of Glqfgow.

\Vere severally preftmled to the TToufe, and read; taking notice of the high prices of Provisions, particularly of Flour and Bread Corn; and praying for the repeal of an Act, made in thelaft Session, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and also of so much of the Act of 31 Geo. III. as relates to imposing additional Duties on Foreign Corn warehoused in Great Britain, and taken out for home consumption.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

inve for The House was moved. That the Report, which was Sow yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Peti-Kiikwny tion of several Trustees for executing such parts of the R«uU Bln. several Acts which relate to repairing and amending the Road leading from the Town of Carloio to the City of Kilkenny, was referred, might be again read:—And the lame being read;

Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular circumliances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that Notices may be given of the application to Parliament for the purposes mentioned in the said Petition, by Advertisement, published three times in the Leinfer Journal, and by affixing the said Notices for seven days days on the respective doors of the Sessions Houses where the General Quarter Sessions are held for the Counties of Kilkenny and Carloio.

Ml,ordered. Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better amending and repairing of the Road leading from the Town of Carloio to the City of Kilkenny: And Vol. 60.

may be committed, do examine, in the first place, how far. in*0rt the order for giving the said Notices has been complied Notice*, with, and do report the same to the House on the report of the said Bill.

The House being informed, that Mr. Williams, Secret Paper* tary to the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, attended at the cfoor; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Popham, to the House, pursuant to their Order, presented.

A Paper, intituled, " Copies of all Correspondence * between the Admiralty Board and the Commissioners " of Naval Enquiry, on the subject of the Papers re-" lating to Sir Home Popham, referred by the Admiralty " to the said Commissioners and also, " The date of " the return of the said Papers from the Commissioners " of Naval Enquiry to the Admiralty or Navy Board? and also, " Copy of the Examinations taken before the " Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, on the subject of the said Papers."

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read*

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Paper be printed for the Mem* bers of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Dickinson, junior, presented to the House, ac- Marme

cording to Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Ma-? Bill,

jesty’s Royal Marine Forces, while on Shore: And tho pre‘enc* fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

The House being informed, that Mr. Voting, from the Accounts of Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the door; ho T^J"apof was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, presentecL pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number and Tonnage of British

Ships that have cleared outwards from the ports of Britain, for the British Plantations in the West Indies, distinguishing London and the Outports, between 5th January 1804 and 5th January 1805: And also.

An Account of the Number and Tonnage of British Ships which have entered Inwards at the ports of Great Britain from the British Plantations in the West Indies, distinguishing London and the Outports, between 5th January 1804 and 5th January 1805.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred cer!a.in to consider of the Act mentioned in the Resolution which, upon Thursday last, was reported from the Committee on Temporary Laws of a public and general nature;—

(and who were instructed to consider of the Act mentioned in the Resolution which upon Friday last was reported from the said Committee) the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act made 38 Geo. III. intituled, "An Act for the " further encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures " of the IJeof Alan, for improving the Revenue thereof,

* and for the more effectual prevention of Smuggling to " and from the said Island," which was continued and amended by an Act made 41 Geo. III. and further continued by three Acts made 42, 43, & 44 Geo. III. until the 5th day of July 1805, is neajr expiring, and fit to be amended and made perpetual.

• Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committ ee. That

120

5° Martii. A. 1805.

an Act, made 43 Geo. III. intituled, "An Act for dif-" continuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the " exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in heii thereof, " until the fifteenth day of January one thousand eight " hundred and four," which was continued by an Act ' made in the last Session of Parliament, until the 15th day of March 1805, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time. Were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the first of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Starves Bourne, and Mr. HuJkiJTon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the other of the said Resolutions: And that the fame Gentlemen do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Carlton, &c. A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Carlton, committed Chcllington, and Slovenian, in the County of Bedford, was

read a second tima

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. St. Andrew St. John, Mr. Ojhorn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lanark A Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading Mmmiuei from the limits of the Counties of Edinburgh and Lanark, to the Burgh of Lanark, in the County of Lanark, was read a second time.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Archibald Hamilton, Mr. Dixon, &e.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bromsgrove The House was moved. That the Petition of several feferred'toa"’ Inhabitants of the Parish of in the County of

Committee. Worcester, which was presented to the House upon

Thursday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the fconsideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the ipatter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John William Ward, Mr. Lygon, See.: And they are to meetTo-morrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ireland—

Accounts,

presented:

Public

Income.

Con foil dated /and.

Balances.

Imports and Exports.

Trade and Navigation,

Mr. Fofterpresented to the House, pursuant to the di-

re&ions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Ordinary Revenues and Extraordinary Resources constituting the Public Income of Ireland, for the year ended the 5th of January 1805,—with several Appendixes: And a'so,

An Account of the Consolidated Fund of for the year ending 5th January 1805, and also the actual payments thereout within the said year, and the total charge thereon in respect to the said year, specifying also the surplus of the said Consolidated Fund: And also.

An Account of the Balances due on the 5th of January 1805 from the several Collectors of Customs and Excise, Hearth Money, &c. employed in the collettion of the Public Revenue of Ireland, and now deceased, or out of their respective Offices: And also.

An Account of the value of all Imports into and all Exports from Ireland, for the year ended 5th January 1805: And also.

An Account of the number of Vessels, with the amount of their tonnage, which have been built and registered in the several ports of Ireland, between the 5th of January 1804 and the 5th of January 1805: And also,

An Account of the number of Vessels, with the amount of their tonnage, and number of Men and Boys usually employed in navigating the fame, which belonged to the several ports of Ireland on the 30th of September 1804: And also.

Ah Account of the number of Vessels, with the amount

of their tonnage, and the number of Men and Boys employed in navigating the fame (including their repeated voyages) which entered inwards and cleared outwards in the several ports of Ireland, from or to all parts of the World, between the 5th of January 1804 and the 5th of January x 805: And also,

An Account, filewing how the Public Monies re- Public maining in the receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, on ExPenditlre* the 5t.l1 of January 1804, together with the Monies paid into the fame during the year ending the 5th of January 1805, and the Monies paid out of the net produce of the Revenues of the said year in anticipation of the Exchequer receipt, have been actually applied—with several Appendixes: And also.

An Account of the Public Funded Debt of Ireland, FundedDebt as the fame flood on, the 5th of January 1805: And also,

An Account of the Unfunded Debt of Ireland, and Vnfunsd Demands outstanding, on the 5 th of January 1805: And Debt also.

An Abstra6l of the Receipts and Issues of the Treasury Receipt and in Ireland in one year, from the 5th of January 1804 ^r^fur to the 5th of January 1805, together with the Remains.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The third of the said Accounts, and the Appendixes to the first and eighth, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the other Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this volume. (N0.40.)

The House was moved, That the Orders made upon Orders for the 12th day of February last, " That there be laid before the

" this House, Copy of a Commission to the Honourable Lordiip of " Bobert Dundas Saunders and others, of the Office of " Chamberlain of the Lordship of and St rat hern, in and oner»’

" the room of John Craufurd, Esquire, resigned:"—and mad.*, also, " That there be laid before this House, an Account " of the Intromissions of John Craufurd, Esquire, with " the Rents of the Lordship of Fife and S'ra'hern,

" shewing the Balance due by him to the Public at the " time of his refiguation; together with a statement of " the manner in which the Balance due by the said John " Craufurd has been disposed of:"—and also, "That " there be laid before this House, Copy of any Grant or " Grants made to the Honourable Bobert Dundas -" ders and others, of any part of the Rents that had be-" come due to the Crown of the Lordship of Fife and " Strathern" might be read:—And the fame being

read;

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of any Lease or other Grant to the Honourable Hope, and others, in trull for Jane Viscountess Melville, of the Feu Duties and other Rents payable to His Majesty in the Lordships of Fife and Strathern.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Intromissions of JoEsquire, with the Rents of the Lordships of and Strathern, for the crops and years 1794 and 1802, and intervening years; together with a statement of the manner in which the Balance due by the said John CrauJ'urd has been disposed of. '

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and Mr. The Lords Stratford: havei®ree‘i

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Betlnal to enlarge the term and powers of two Acts, passed in the ^howiuch twenty-ninth year of his late Majesty, and the seventh Roa« Bill, year of His present Majesty, for making a Road from the Eall fide of the Parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, in the County of Middlesex, to the Eall end of Church,

in the said Parish, and to open a way into Shoreditch, and for keeping the fame in repair; without any Amendment; And also.

The Lords have agreed to the BUI, intituled, An Act Surrey

to Railway

o

45 Geo. III.

5"—<3" Mar hi

121

to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Surrey Iron Railway; to raise a further fmn of Money for completing' the f'aid Railway, and the Works thereunto belonging; without any Amendment.

And thou the Messengers withdrew.

orders Ordered, That the other Orders of the day be now

j b; read. read:

irirV And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for the third reading of the ingrafted Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of

; the Army and their Quarters;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

dQrfes The jingrofled Bill for granting to Mis Majesty addi-r-es Bill, tional Duties on certain Horses and Mules, and for cou-fohdatinV the said additional Duties with the present Duties thereon, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties iu Great Britain on Horses used in riding or for drawing certain Carriages, and for consolidating the said additional Duties with the present Duties thereon.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry tire Bill to the Lords, and detire their concurrence.

vwdlesex Lord Viscount Mar/ham, from the Select Committee E tctwn, appointed to try and determine the merits of the Petition utraunc . 0j-several Freeholders of the County of complaining of an undue Return of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said CouiUy, informed the House,

That the said Committee nave determined.

That George Boulton M Esquire, was not duly returned a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County o And also, t hat the said Committee have determined.

That Sir Francis Burde't, Baronet, ought to have been returned a Knight of the Shire to lerve in this present Parliament for the said County:

And allb, that the said Committee have determined.

That the said Petition did not appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious:

And a:so, that the said Committee have determined.

That the opposition of the said George Boulton Main-waring, Esquire, to the said Petition, did not appear to the said Committee to be frivolous or vexatious.

And the said Determinations were ordered to be entered in the Journals of this House.

fVputy clerk Ordered, That the Deputy Clerk of the Crown do toatendu"0 a^eild this House, Tommorrow, with the last Return for the County of Middlesex, and amend the fame, by rafing out the name of George Boulton Maimcaring, Esquire, and inferring the name of Sir Francis Baronet,

inilead thereof.

Committwon The Order of the Day being read, for the Tloufe to re-solve itself into a Committee of the who'e 1 louse, upon the Bill for granting additional Duties on Salt in Great Britain;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

j 128.

Tellers for the Noen, }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, ■when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Renort be received Tommorrow. Vol. 60.

Te"" for the Yeas- jMr

The other Order of the day being read; , Committee on

The I louse resolved itself into a Committee of the whole- BUU

House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on the amount of Atfelhneuts to be changed on the profits arising from Property, Proses lions, Trades, and Offices.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumod the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and marie several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House wi’l please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrmy.

Mr. Hnjkffonpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Du- x>uties uni, ties in Great Britain on Horses and Mules employed in presented. Husbandry and other Services; and for consolidating the said additional Duties with the present Duties thereon:

And the fame was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Hujkijfon have leave to make a Motion, it being near fix of the cdock:—And he moved the House accordingly:

And the said Bill was read the first rime.

Fefolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second rime upon Thursday next.

Mr. Hujkijfon presented to the House, pursuant to Ac«unu,

their Orders, pitientcdi

A Paper, intituled, " Return to the Order of the House Land Tax of Commons, 12th February 1805, for an Account of Scotland, all Balances due to the Public, in the hands of John Hamilton, Esquire, Receiver General of the Land Tax for Scotland, at the time of his decease: And also

Copy of King’s Warrant granting an additional salary Lord Privy to Henry Lord Viscount Melville, as Lord Privy Seal of Seal, Scotland: And also,

Copy of King’s Warrant granting a lease to the Ho- Lord flip of nourable John Hone and others of the Feu Duties and * 4ce‘ other Rents in the Lordships of and in

trust for JaneViscountess Melville: And also.

An Account of Charge and Discharge of the Rents of the Lordships of Fife and Strathern, under the collection of John Cranford, Esquire, Chamberlain and Co lec-

for thereof, for the crops and years 1794 and 1802, and

intervening years.

V'

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That Mr. Hujkiffon have leave to make a Motion:—And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Papers be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow

Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercnrii, 6° dieMartii;

Anno 450 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

THE Deputy Clerk of the Crown attending, accord- Middlesex ing to Order, amended the Return for the County Return,

of Middlesex. amendecL

Ordered, That George Boulton Esquire, Leave given

and the Freeholders of the County of be at Mai^*

liberty to petition this House, to question the Election of a'fi’^ann2> Sir Francis Burdett, Baronet, within fourteen days next, to petition, if they think fit.

The House being informed, that Mr. Fix, from the Accounts Commissioners of Excile, attended at the door; he was rel^l"gto called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur- printed, suant to their Orders,

I i An

Appendix,

(No. 26.)

Accounts,

presented

Sugar.

Rum.

British

Manufactures.

Coffee.

Sugar, frc.

Bswycr’i

Lottery Billt presented*

London

Bakers

Petition,

reported.

122

6° Mar til.

A. 180a.

An Account of the net amount or net payment of the Duty on Salt for England and Scotland foi* three years, ended 5th July 1804, distinguishing each Year: And also. An Account of the quantity of Salt exported from Great Britain to the Continent of Europe for three years, ended 5th January 1805, distinguishing Rock Salt from White Salt, and distinguishing each year:—With duplicates thereof.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

The House being informed, that Mr. Irving, Inspec-for General of Imports and Exports, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the quantity of raw Sugar imported into, and of refined Sugar exported from. Great Britain; distinguishing British Plantation, Foreign Plantation, and East India, for the year ending 5th January 1805; and of the Duties paid, and Drawbacks and Bounties received thereon: And also.

An Account of the Rum imported into and exported from Great Britain, with the Duties and Drawbacks thereon, for three years, ending 5th January 1803, 5th January 1804, and 5th January 1805; distinguishing each year: And also,

An Account of the quantity and value of British Manufactures and Produce exported to the British Plantations in the West Indies, from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1805: And also,

A Return of all Coffee imported into Great Britain from the British West Indian Colonies, and of the Duties payable thereon, and of Coffee from the British West Indian Colonies after exported, and Drawbacks and Receipts thereon, for the three years ending 5th January 1803, 5th January 1804, and 5th January 1805; distinguishing each year: And also,

An Account of the quantities of Sugar, Rum, Cotton, Coffee, Cocoa, Indigo, Ginger, and other goods imported from the British West Indian Colonies into the several Ports of Great Britain;together with the Duties payable on each article,. from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1805, inclusive:—With duplicates thereof.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Peter William Baker presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable Robert of

Pall Mail, in the City of Westminster, Esquire, to dispose of his Collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, together with several Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, by way of Chance: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Alii Hants, of the Company of Bakers of the City of London, was referred; and to whom the Report which, upon the 27th day of April in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Company of Bakers of the City of London, and the Trade at large, inhabiting the said City, and within ten miles of the Royal Exchange, was also referred; and who were empowered to report their observations, from time to time, to the House; That the Committee had examined the matters to them referred, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee having taken the said Report into Consideration, proceeded to examine, Mr. Thomas Loveland-, who informed Your Committee, That the whole-l'ale price of a bushel of Salt is eighteen shillings; but he

Y'i

■A

mull remark, that the greater part of the Bakers buy it at the retail price, which is ao s.per bushel, as fixed by the Court of Aldermen—That the increased price of Salt per bushel in consequence of the proposed New Duty is five shillings, and the Salt Merchant has laid sixpence extra—That the increased expence to the Baker in baking a sack of Flour by means of the increased price of Salt, is sixpence, because every sack of Flour upon the average takes five pounds of Salt to manufacture it into Bread—>

That all the articles mentioned in the Report of last Session, remain the fame in price—That the allowance is the fame for baking a sack of Flour, whether the price is two pounds or five pounds per sack, notwithstanding a much larger capital is employed in the latter case; and an encreased rilk from bad debts: Whereupon it appeared to the Committee, That the Bakers are entitled to a half Assize, or twenty pence per sack in addition to

the present allowance, as also the five pence perefack for ■r^\

the Salt Duty during the continuance of the New Tax. - ,

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for j, 1

amending an Act, passed in the 37th year of His present •-i’

Majesty, to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the 31ft year of his late Majesty, for the due [

making of Bread, and to regulate the price and assize

thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, " j

Flour, or Bread; so far as the fame relates to the assize,

and making of Bread to be sold in the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and within the weekly Bills of: ]

Mortality, and ten miles of the Royal Exchange: And * j

that Sir John William Anderson and Sir Charles Price do (

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town of Petition fr»m , Strathaven and Parish of Avendale, in the County of ^a*^en> Lanark, was presented to the House, and read; Taking com Laws, notice of the high prices of Provisions, particularly of Flour and Bread Com; and praying for the repeal of an '

Act, made in the last Session, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain; and also of so much of Act 31 Geo. III. as relates to imposing additional Duties on Foreign Corn warehoused in Great Britain, and taken out for home consumption.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for continuing the term and altering the Powers Leadhilis, &c. of so much of two Acts, made in the 12th and 32d years Road* of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from commUt

Inglifion Bridge, by Biggar, to Leadhilis, and to the confines of the County of Lanark, and for making and maintaining a new Road from Dolphinton to the confines of s'

the County of Mid Lothian, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Archibald Hamilton, Mr. Robert Dandas, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Denis Caftin, late of Milbrook, in the Petition of King’s County, in Ireland, now a Prisoner in the Gaol ^Jj^nerin’ of Kilmainham, near Dublin, was presented to the House, Kilmainham

and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was arrested Gaol, in his house in King’s County in March 1804, and fentup to Dublin Castle, from whence he was committed to His Majesty’s Gaol of Kilmainham under a warrant for trea-sonable practices; and that, in the said month, the Petitioner was examined at much length before the Under Secretary for the Civil Department in Ireland, and, during the said examination, and at various times ftnee, did demand, and express his readiness and anxiety, to vindicate his conduct by any mode of imeftigation which Government might think proper to institute: And therefore praying the House to cause any charges which;

may exifi against the Petitioner to be investigated before j

a legal tribunal, or that he may be enlarged under such circumstances as to the House may seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and Mr. The Lords Stratford: w agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Winterton, for inclosing and draining certain Lands in the Parishes rJ^jureand

of Drainage Bill-

45 Geo. Hi.

6®—-7°

123

of Winter ton, East Somerton, and ITe/? Sortierton, in the County of Norfolk ■, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

of A Petition of several Merchants of the City of Lon-of don, in correspondence and trading with the whole-london, faje and retail Merchants residing in Ireland, waspre-

/ fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by

pntksin tpe present exiting Revenue Laws of Ireland, various articles of trade are subject, on their importation by a Retailer, to an additional Duty of «£'. 6 per-cent, on the Duties payable by other Merchants; and that a law founded on such distinctions mud be partial and oppref-live: And therefore praying the House to repeal the same.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

ircUud*

Account of Sums granted jor Grand Canal of

Ireland, to be printed.

Returns relating to the Arm/, presented.

Jppeniir, {No. 15.)

Ordered, That the Account of the fum3.of Money that have been granted for the Grand Canal of Ireland, fmee the commencement of that work, be printed for the Members of the House.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Return of the number of Men raised under the Defence Art since the last Return, dated the 4th of February 1805: And also,

A Copy of the Circular General Instructions from the Inspector General of the Army of Reserve, to the Persons appointed by him to assist the Lieutenancy of Counties in the execution of Act 44 Geo. III. c. 56: And also,

An Account of the number of Men deficient under the Army of Reserve Ad on the 29th of June 1804: And also,

An Account of the Deficiencies in the several Regiments of the Militia of Great Britain at the present time.

Together with a Schedule; and the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

The said papers are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Committee of Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to

Supply.

Estimates, kc, referrrd—

Ireland.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the several Estimates, which were presented to the House upon Wednesday last by Mr relative to certain Miscellaneous Services in , be

referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Petitions, which were presented to the House upon the 14th and 27th days of February last, relative to the Protestant Schools in

Ireland—the Foundling Hospital in —the Hiber-

nian Marine Society—the IIi’> rnian School for Soldiers Children—the Female Orphan House in Dublin— the AiTociation for difeountenanoing Vice, and promoting the knowledge and practice of the Christian Religion in Ire1 and— the Lock Hospital

in Dublin—the House of Industry in Dublin—the Fever Hospital in Dublin—the Lying-in Hospital in Dublin —the Hospital founded by Doctor Richard St‘evens in Dublin—the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland the House of Industry in Dublin, respecting the Penitentiary—the Dub'in Society for promoting Husbandry and other useful arts in Ireland—the Farming Society of Ireland—the Commissioners for Charitable Donations —the Corporation for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin—the Roman Catholic Seminary in

Ire and the Commissioners of Wide Streets in and, the Parish Church of Saint Andrew in Dublin, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Estimates, which were presented to the House upon the 14th and 27th days of February last, and the 4^ day of this instant March, relative to the subject matters of the said Petitions, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee. VOL. 60.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Refolx'ed, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House was moved. That an Act made in the last Motion for Session of Parliament, for establishing and maintaining a Defen°ce<Act! permanent additional Force for the Defence of the (Neg.) Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty’s Regular Forces, and for the gradual reduction of the*

Militia of Englandj might be read:—And the fame being read;

A Motion wras made, and the Question being put.

That leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act •,

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes, j £{' Secretary at War,

So it passed in the Negative.

J127.

267.

The other Orders of the day being read:—And the House having continued to fit till after three of the clock on Thursday Morning;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, be read a second time Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting additional Duties on Salt in Great Britain, was committed, be received th s Day.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on the amount of Assessments to be charged on the Profits arising from Property, Proses-fions, Trades, and Offices, was committed, be received this day.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Marine Mutiny Bill* deferred.

Salt Duties Bill, deferred.

Property Duties Bitt, deferred.

Jovis, 7° die Martii.

Anno 45® Georgii III1" Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

SIR Jacob Henry Aftletipresented to the House, ac- Weft Newton cording to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Indofure Bill, Parish of Weft Newton, in the County of Norfolk: And presented-the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Egerton reported from the Committee, to whom Lawton and the Petition of several Trustees for executing two Acts, ^uor^sm made in the 3d and 23d years of His present Majesty, petition, for repairing and widening the Road from Laioton, in the sported. County of Chefer, to Burjlemand Newcastle tinder Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place;

and

124

7° Martiu

A. 1805.

Account of Pensions in Ireland, presentecL

Appendix, {Na 32.)

Account of Address Money, presented*

fend afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: the said additional Duties with the present Duties Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.- thereon.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said , That the said Bill be read a second time upon

Acts were read:—And* Mr. Thomas Sparrow being exa- Monday next, mined, said, That the Trustees have borrowed consider-

able sums. of Money on the credit of the Tolls, which Ordered, That Mr. Boyd Alexander do make the Re-still remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads port from the Committeej to whom the Petition of John , properly maintained and improved, unless the term of Orr, Alexander and Hugh Baillies,

the said Acts be continued, and some of tlxe powers and and of several Owners and Occupiers of Houses in the provisions thereof altered and amended. Burgh of Paisley, in the County of Renfrew, and the sub-*

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to urbs thereof, was referred, continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of Mr.- Boyd Alexander accordingly reported from the two Acts, palfed in the 3d and 23d years of His present said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and Majesty, for repairing the Road from Lawton, in the found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to County of Chefitr, to Burslem and Neiccastle under Lyme, Paying Bills, had not been complied with; but it appeared ill the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein men- to the Committee, that the first intention of applying to tiouerl: And that Mr. Egerton and Mr. Cholmondeley do Parliament was confined to the Town of Paisley alone; prepare, and bring in, the fame. and that, after some progress was made therein, the In-

habitants of the suburbs and places adjacent having ex-The House being informed, that Mr. Jolmfon, from the pressed a with to be included, several meetings were held Office of the Chief Secretary for Ireland, attended at the by the Magistrates of Paisley and several Inhabitants of door; he was called in; and at the Bar presented to the the said suburbs and places, but the business could not House, pursuant to their Order, beadjuftedto the satisfaction of all parties until'long

An Account of all Pensions on the Irish Establishment after the time the: notices should have been given; and granted since the ill of January 1804, so far as the fame a delay to the next Session of Parliament would be at-can be made out, specilying the date of the fame, and the tended with much inconvenience and loss to the Peti-term of lives or years for which they have been respect tioners, and to the Inhabitants of that populous Town tively granted. and Neighbourhood, and to all persons retorting thereto;

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read. and that the Committee had examined the matter of.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, the said Petition; which they had directed to be reported The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to to the House; and he read the Report in his place;

and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Seton Karr being examined, said. That from the

Piilley Paving, fcc. Petition, reported.

this volume.

The House being informed, that Mr. Bullet/, from the Exchequer, attended at the door; he was called in; and.

at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their flourishing state of the Trade and Manufactures carried Address to His Majesty, on in the said Burgh and its neighbourhood, the number

An Account of all sums of Money which have been of Inhabitants has greatly increased; and it would tend

Appendix,

(No. 33.)

Petition* respecting Corn Laws.

Ardroffan Harbour, &c.

Bill,

presented#

Leave of Absence.

Husbandry Horses Duties Btfl, •ief’erred.

issued by His Majesty’s Orders pursuant to the Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament; with a duplicate thereof.

And then ne withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The laid Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of Perth, and its vicinity: And also,

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Towns of Stirling and Falkirk, and the vicinities thereof: And also,

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Dunfermline•,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the high prices of Provisions, particularly of Flour and Bread Corn; and praying for the repeal of an Act, made in the last Session, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and also of so much of Act 31 Geo. III. as relates to imposing additional Duties on Foreign Corn warehoused in Great Britain, and taken out for home consumption.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Sir Hugh Dalrymple Hamilton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for erecting and maintaining a Harbour, Docks, and other "Works, at Ardroffan, in the County of Ayr: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, ern Circuit.

That Mr. Raine have leave to go the North-

Thfi Order of the day being read, lor the second reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties in Great Britain on Horses and Mules employed in Husbandry and other Services j and for consolidating *3

much to their accommodation, and to that of other persons resorting to the said Burgh and its suburbs, and be of great public utility, if new Streets were opened and formed, the other Streets, Lanes, and Passages enlarged and improved. Foot Pavements made on the fides of the said Streets, and the whole properly watched, paved, lighted, and cleansed; if fresh Water was brought in for the use of the Inhabitants •, a Bridewell or Workhouse erected for confining and punishing O/lenders; if certain rules were established for conducting and regulating the Police and Markets of the said Burgh and Suburbs; and proper Funds raised and Powers given for all the said purpol’es.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Sturges Bourne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for further continuing an Act, passed in the 43d year of 11 is present Majesty, lor discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof: And the fame was received; anti read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To -morrow.

Mr. Sturges Bourne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties in Great Britain on certain Legacies: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Mr. Sturges Bourne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for regulating and encouraging the Trade, 1’of the Improvement of the Revenue, and prevention of Smuggling to and from the I fie of Man: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a leeond time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time; Tommorrow.

The

Sugar Bill* presented. (Expiring Law.)

Legacies Duties Bill* presented.

Isle of Man Trade Bill, presented.

45 Geo. III.

7°

Mcirtii.

125

O'der for Sutherland Roads Bill discharged, and another Bui oidtied.

Tho House was moved. That the Order made upon

Monday haft, " That leave be given to bring in a Bill " for aliening the Proprietors of Lands in the County of " Sutherland, towards theexpenceof making and Aipport-

" in? such Roads and Bridges therein, as shall be approved

Resolved, That the fahl Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the fame was committed.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the granting additional Duties on Salt in Great Britain was

,4' ' r TT* .. ,_/v... r__________ •/. i i a . A___c,.__________

Salt Outlet Bill, reported.

Property , Duties Bill, reported.

t<year of His present Majesty, for making Roads "and building Bridges in the IIigblands of might be read :—And the fame being read.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House was a!so moved, That the Report which, upon Friday la ft, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Proprietors of Land in the County of Sutherland, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read;

Ordered, That, leave he given to bring in a Bill for afTHfing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Sutherland, towards the expence of making and Aipporting fuel) Roads and Bridges therein, as thall he approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the 43d year of 11 is present Ma jolty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of; for making a

Turnpike Road from Port inlick to the Ord \ and converting the Statute Labour of the said County into Money: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Mackenzie Fra fee, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and Sir Charles Refs, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, ieported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on the amount of Atu-ftments to he charged on the Profits anting from Property, Prose.hious, Trades, and Offices, w as committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and v Inch they Lad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be in-grolfed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Account of Mr. Well-fey Pole presented to the House, pursuant ^’n^rfor to their Order,—An Account of the expence of Arms,

Service, Accoutrements, Drums and other articles, and of Am-,relented. munition, ithird for the Volunteer Service in Great Britain, from x ft June 1803 to 1 ft January 1805:—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon ihe Table. Appendix, The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to

|No. 15.) this volume.

hcViiteBii! Fd’ifnreported from the Committee, to whom the

reported, and’ Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Middleton in re-cwninmed. Tee [dale, in the County of Durham, was committed;

1 hat the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure. Lad been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their content to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates alielTed to the Land Tax at 6s.8 dwho refused to sign the Bill, and also the Owners of Estates assess’ed at jC- 2. 12 s. 1 who were neuter; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure, is a fluffed at ,£.47. 17.C. 6|d.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereto, which they had directed him to Teport to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other , Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Rtf lived. That the said Bill be re-committed.

Voi.. Go.

Ii eland—. Account* ordered.

Dollars.

Criminal

Prosecutiorw.

Civil

Buildings.

Public

Oft'endera,

committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the HonTe; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, feme of them were disagreed to, and the rest w ere, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bid with the Amendments, be in-grofi'ed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an Account dating the total number of Dollar Tokens ift'ued by the Bank of Ireland to the ift day of this instant March, and at what rate; and also speccifying the amount ifl’ucd in each month, together with the amount outstanding on the last day of each month.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expenditure of the several sums issued from thcTrcafury of Ireland, by direction of Government, for Criminal Prosecutions in the years 1801, 1802,

1S03, and 1S04, respectively, dating all the particulars of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expenditure of the different Aims granted for Civil Buildings in Ireland, from 5th January 1801 to 5th January 1805; specifying the particulars, and the warrants and authority by which the fame w ere paid, and the estimates and approbation of the fame, and the amount of such Expenditure in the whole.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expenditure of the different Anns granted for apprehending Public Oilcnders in Ireland, from 5th January 1801 to 5th January 1805; specifying the particulars, and the warrants and authority for paying the fame, and the amount thereof in the whole.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame w ere read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Ann, not exceeding twenty-one thousand Ax hundred Mauuuaui*. pounds Iri/hCurrency, be granted to His Majesty, to be

paid to the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures in Ireland, for promoting and encouraging the said Mannfuftures, from the 5th day of January 1805 to the 5th day of January i8c6, under such regulations and appropriation as shall be directed determined by Parliament.

Resolved, That it isthcOpinion of this Committee, That a Aim not exceeding twenty-five thousand pounds Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Civil Buildings in Ireland, from the 5th day of January 1805 to the 5th day of January 1806.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding nine hundred pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of printing and binding 250 Copies of the Acts of the 45th year of the reign of His present Majesty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Aim, not exceeding seven thousand and twenty-six pounds nine shillings and ten pence halfpenny Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of publishing Proclamations and Advertisemei.rs in the Dublin Gazette and other Newspapers in Ireland, from the 5th day of January 1805 to the 5th day of January 1806.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

K k a sum.

Report

Supply*

Lin eft

Civil

Building*.

Printing

Acts.

Proclamations, &c.

Treasury

Incidents.

foundling

Hospital.

Marine

Society.

School for Soldiers Children.

Female

Orphan

Iftoufs.

Association for discoun-tcnancing Vice.

Lock

Hospital.

House of Iudustry.

Fever

Hospital.

Lying-in Hospital.

College of Surgeons.

Ptnitenti.ry,

126

7° Mart!!.

A. 1805.

a film, not exceeding two thousand pounds Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the probable Charge for Treasury Incidents in Ireland, from the <;th day of January 1805 to the 5 th day of January 1806.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding twenty-two thousand five hundred pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin, from the 5U1 day of January 1805 to the 5th day of January 1806.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum not exceeding one thousand six hundred and ninety-one pounds thirteen shillings and four pence Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin, from the 5th day of January 1805 to the 5th day of January 1806.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding six thousand one hundred thirty-two pounds nineteen shillings and eight pence, Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of the Hibernian School for Soldiers Children, from the 5th day of January 1805 to the 5th day of January 1806.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a film, not exceeding nine hundred fifty-eight pounds thirteen shillings and nine pence Currency, be granted to I lis Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Female Orphan Mouse near Dublin, from the 5th day of January 1805 to the 5U1 day of January 1806, for the support of one hundred and forty children.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a film, not exceeding one thousand two hundred and eighty pounds Irish Currency, he granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expences which may be incurred by the Association for discountenancing Vice- and promoting the knowledge and practice of the Christian Religion, from the 5th day of January 1805 to the 5th

day of January 1806.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding six thousand eight hundred and ninety seven pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for suppoi ting the WLock Hospital in Dublin, from the 5th day of January 1805 to the 5th day of January 1806.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding twenty-one thousand four hundred thirty-three pounds eighteen shillings and seven pence Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the F.\penee of supporting the House of Industry in Dublin, from the 5th day of January 1805 to the 5th day of January 1806.

Resolved, That it is t heOpinion of this Committee, That a film, not exceeding one thousand and thirty pounds eighteen shillings and six pence Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of maintaining eighty patients in the House of Recovery and Fever Hospital in Cork Street, Dublin, from the 5th day of January 1805 to the 5th day of January i8ofi.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee.That a sum, not exceeding two thousand five hundred ninety-nine pounds and eight shillings Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of the Lying-in Hospital in Dublin, from the 5th day of January 180c; to the 5 th day of January 1806.

ResolvedI' hat it is the Opinion of thisComniitt.ee, That a sum, not exceeding six thousand pounds Irish Currency, he granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Expense of building the intended Hall for the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland, from the 5 th day of January 1805 to the r>lh day of January 1806.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, mot exceeding one thousand seven hundred and ninety-five pounds Irish Currency, he granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of fitting-up and supporting a Penitentiary in for employment of

peri on - fenlenced to transportafion, and young Criminals convicted in a summary way before Jufi ices of the Peace,

from the 5th day of January 1805 to the 5th day of January 1806.

Resolved, That it istheOpinion of this Committee, That DuWitt a sum, not exceeding ten thousand pounds ur- Society,

rency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to the Dublin Society for promoting 1 In‘band ry and other useful Arts in Ireland, from the 5th day of January 1S05 to the 5th day of January 1806, under such regulations and appropriation as shall be directed by Parliament.

Resolved, That it istheOpinion of this Committee, That Farming a sum, not exceeding two thousand pounds Cur- Society,

rency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expences of the Farming Society of Ireland, from the 5th day of January 1805 to the 5th day of January 180G.

(Vrci

Rfdved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That ClnritaMe a sum, not exceeding four hundred pounds Cur- DoaltioDi-rency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Office of the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests, from the 5th day of January 1805 to the 5th day of January 1806.

Resolved, That it istheOpinionof this Committee, That wide Streets a sum, not exceeding ten thousand eight hundred eighty- in DubUa' four pounds fourteen shillings and eight pence Currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to the Commissioners for making wide and convenient Streets in the City of Dublin, from the 5th day of January 1805 to the

5th day of January 1806, under such regulations and appropriation as shall be directed by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of lliisComniitfee, That Roman a sum, not exceeding eight thousand pounds Irish Cur- seminary, rency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Roman Catholic Seminary in Ireland, from the 5th day of January 1805 to the 5th day of January 1806.

Resolved, That it is the Opinionof this Committee, That St. Andrew’s a sum, not exceeding six thousand pounds Currency, Church

be granted to His Majesty, to lie applied towards completing the rebuilding of the Pari I h Church of Saint Andrew Dublin, and building a steeple and spire thereto.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Steevens’* a sum, not exceeding four thousand nine hundred and Hosp>ul‘ forty-two pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expences of Mariam Hospital, from the 5th day of January 1805 to the 5th day of January 1806, under such regulations and appropriation as shall be directed by Parliament.

Ref lived, That it istheOpinion of this Committee, That Prcxefant a sum, not exceeding twenty-two thousand six hundred Stllools-twenty-one pounds six shillings and one penny Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the incorporated Society in Dublin for promoting English Protestant Schools in Ireland, from the 5th day of January 1805 to the 5th day of January 1806, under fuc h regulations and appropriation as shall be directed by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thisConnnittee, That GoM Mine a sum, not exceeding seven hundred and sixty pounds at Wicklow, three shillings and twopence halfpenny Currency, bn granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expenditure at His Majesty’s Gold Mine at Croatian, in the County of Wicklow, from the 5th day of January 1805 to the 5th

day of January 1806.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That pubiicofficei-a sum, not exceeding twenty thousand four hundred and ten pounds Irifi Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Printing, Stationary, and other distmrfements, for the Chief and Under Secretaries Offices and Apartments, and other Public Offices in Dublin Castle, Sec. and for the Riding Charges and other Expences of the Deputy Pursuivants and Extra Messengers attending the said Offices, from the 5th day of January 1805 to the 5th day of January 1806.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Public a sum, not exceeding two thousand five hundred pounds offenders.

Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of apprehending Public Offenders in Ireland, from the 5th day of January 1805 to the 5 th day of January 1806.

,rn

Criminal

Prosecutijns.

MmcJicfter and Aftton under T.vne fcnal Bill# pifTed.

Fenk Forest Can?l Bill, passed.

'mints, fcc.

Kcting

:igar,

< printed.

v>uth

ids

ion,

ted.

45 Geo. III. 7®—8°

Befolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a fmn, not exceeding twenty-live thousand pounds Irish Currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expence of Criminal Prosecutions, and other Law Expences of Government, in Irfrom the 5th day of January 1805 to the 5th day of January 1806.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 8° die Anno 45® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1805. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for enabling the Company of Pro-* pvietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to ornear Ad', /on-under-Lyne and Oldham, more effectually to provide for the discharge of their Debts, and to complete the said Canal, and the Cuts and Works thereto belonging, was read the third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 19. 1. 3. To leave out from "the" to the end of line 7; and insert " manner herein-" before mentioned, with respect to " the Monies by this Act authorized " and empowered to be raised," in-lfead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near A/hton-under-Iyne and Oklham, more eft'eftually to provide for the discharge of their Debts, and to complete the said Canal, and the Cuts and Works thereto belonging.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburneof do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Peak Forest Canal more efi'eftually to provide for the discharge of their Debts, and to complete the said Canal, and the Cut, Railways or Stone Roads, and other Works thereof, was read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 15. 1. 22. To leave out from "the" to the second " And" in line 27; and insert " manner hereinbefore mentioned, " with respect to the Monies by this " Act authorized and empowered to " be raised " inftc-ad thereof Pr. 21. 1. 12. , To leave out from "of" to " such" in line 13.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Befolved, That the Bill do pats: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Peak Forest Canal more effectually to provide for the discharge of their Debts, and to complete the said Canal, and the Cut, Railways or Stone Roads, and other Works thereof.

Ordered, That' Mr. Egerlon do carry’ the Bill to the Lords, and deli re their concurrence.

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Return which were presented to the House upon Wednesday last, by Mr. Irving (Inspector Genera! of Imports and Exports) be printed for the Members of the House.

Sir William El/'ordreported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees for patting in execution V OL. do.

Mar tn, 127

an Act of the 24th year of His present Majesty, for re* pairing and widening the Road from the Shambles in the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, through Frankfort Gate to Stonelio life Bridge, and from the Weft end of the said Bridge to the inner harrier gate next the Play house, in the Parish of Stoke in the said

County—and also another Petition of the said Trustees— were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, the said Act was read:—And, Mr. Henry combe being examined, said. That the Trustees in pursuance of the powers vested in them by the said Act, have borrowed several. sums of money on the credit of the Tolls, which have been applied to the repairs and improvement of the said Road; but it has been found that some of the provisions of the said Act are inconvenient and defective, and that as well for the more effectual reparation of the said Road, and for keeping the fame in repair, and rendering the fame more commodious, as also for the better security of the creditors, it is necessary the said Act, and. the powers, provisions, and regulations thereof, should be altered and enlarged, and the said term further prolonged, and that the Tolls should be increased.'

To prove the Allegations of the second mentioned Petition, Mr. Henry Woolcombebeing further examined, said, That it would be of great convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Borough of Plymouth, and of the Towns of Stonehouse and Plymouth Dock, if provisions were made

for making and maintaining of a new branch of Road through George Street and Lower Prison Lane, to a certain place called The Grove, and from thence to the Weft-end of The Mound, at Mill Bay, and from thence along the Footway on the South-fide of Stonehouse to the Royal Marine Barracks and from thence through Barrack Lane and Edgcumbe Street, and over the Quay in the Town of Stonehouse, to the East-fide of the said Bridge, called Stonehouse Bridge, and also for making and maintaining one other branch of Road from the Glacis of Plymouth Citadel, through Higher Prison Lane, to The Grove aforesaid, all in the said County of;

and also for regulating the Stands and Fares of Hackney Coaches and Carts using the fame.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the making, repairing, lighting, watching, and watering certain Roads from the Borough of Plymouth to Stonehouse Bridge and Plymouth Dock, in the county of ; and for regulating the Stands and Fares of Hackney Coaches and Carts using the fame: And that Sir William El/ord and Mr. Langmead, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. '

Mr. Mackenzie Frafer presented to the House, ac- Sutherland cording to Order, a Bill for assessing the Proprietors of Road3 Bdl> Land in the County of Sutherland, towards the expence pr*en * of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein, as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the 43d year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, for making a Turnpike Road from Portinlick to the Ord, and converting the Statute Labour of the said County, into Money: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for making and repairing certain Roads in the El^In and County of Elgin, and for levying a conversion in lieu of ForK> . the Statute Labour, and olhenvife regulating the making Emitted and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County, was read a second time.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Brodie, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An

Antony’* Nat. Bill, committed.

Ayrthire Roads Bill, reported.

Lea and Cleaverton Inclosare Bill, presented.

Sudborne Inclosure Bill, committed.

Petition* against Camberwell, &c. Waterworks Bill.

Marine Mutiny Bill, committed.

[fie of Mini Trade Bill, comirtitted.

128 8° Mar til. A. 1805.

An in, crofted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Antony, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin, Sir John William Anderson, kc.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, upon the said Bill.

Sir Heio DahympleHamilton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for altering, amending, and consolidating, several Acts for repairing Turnpike Roads in the County of Ayr, for repairing other Roads therein, and for making more effectual the Statute Labour in the said County, was committed; that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and-that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a fecund time, one by one; arid, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. E/h'ourt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Lea and Cleaverton, in the county of : And the fame was received; and read the tirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sndborne, in the County o S Suffolk, was read a second time.

Resolved, That, the Bill be committed to Mr. Trail, Lord Robert Seymour, ice.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal: And also,

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Lambeth Water Works;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for supplying the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Giles Camberwell, and parts of the Parish of Saint Mary's Lambeth, and several other parishes and places in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, with Water; and setting forth, That there are several clauses and provisions contained in the said Bill, which, if the fame were to pass into a Law as it now stands, would materially infringe the rights and injure the property of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their counsel,

» or agents, against such parts of the said Bill as may assess them, and that the fame may not pass into a Law as it now stands.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, be now read:— And the same being read;—the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. r

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for regulating and encouraging the 1 rade, for the improvement of the Revenue, and prevention ol Smuggling to and from the Isle of Man, be now read:—And the fame being read;—the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee on Tern- Renort porary Laws of a public and general nature—and who were inllrufted to report their opinion, from time to time, '* to the House, which of the said Laws are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; That the Committee had made a further enquiry, and had come to several other Resolulions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as folio weth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made 43 Geo. III. intituled, "An Act for dif-" continuing certain D rawhacks and Bounties on the " exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing,

" until the 15th day of January 1804 other Drawbacks " and Bounties instead thereof," which was continued by an Act of the last Session of Parliament until the 25th day of March 1805, is near expiring, and fit to be continued,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act to permit, until the 25th day of March 1805,

" the warehousing of Spirits in Ireland for exportation;

" for charging a Duty on the fame w hen taken out for " home consumption; and to regulate the exportation " to Great Britain of such Spirits as shall not be w are-" housed," is near expiring, and fit to he continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opininn of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made 41 Geo. III. as enables the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to prohibit the F.xportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, and of all Provisions whatsoever, and to permit the importation into Ireland of Corn and Fish, and all Provisions w hatsoever, without payment of Duty, which was continued by three Acts, passed 42, 43, and 44 Geo. III. until the 25th day of March 1805, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made 39 Geo. III. intituled, "An Act for ena-" bling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation and " permit the Importation of Corn, and for allowing the " Importation of other articles of Provision without pav-" ment of Duty, to continue in force until six weeks " after the commencement of the next Session of Parliament," which was continued by an Act of 39 and 40 Geo. III. and amended and further continued by several subsequent Acts until the 25th day of March 1801;, is near expiring, and fit to he continued.

The said Resolutions being read a second time;

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Acts mentioned in the said Resolutions.

--5

■ -1

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Pon»* naturalizing James Samuel Pons, was read a second time. Nat-B'11 Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir coiam‘ue

liam Anderson', Mr. Baldwin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. The Lords

Stratford: have agreed t#

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill for railing for raising the sum of twenty-two millions five hundred ^n'uities thousand pounds, by way of Annuities; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act f>0fhge for granting certain additional Rates and Duties in Great Dutie* Bill. Britain on the conveyance of Letters; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act simonburn for inclosing Lands in the Parish ,of Simonburn, in the inclosure Bill 9 County

Rcthbur/,

bic

[a.areBul.

;s;nr

;on<;niTe*1*

(hxpinng

Law.)

Luries Bill,

Proi*rty Duties SBillj deierrcd.

Ireland--*

■ Pipers ordered:

Demolitions of State Pn loners.

Memorials of D°.

P'^ceedinprs ret jeering the kL.ShernF of ■VJdiclex.

JPP

erred.

m and

ieaas,

erred!

45 Geo. III. 8"—I V Martii. 129

Comity of Northumberland-,without any Amendment:

And ado,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parities of and ElJ'don,

in the County of Northumberland; without any x\mend-

ment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for further continuing an Act, passed in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof, be now read :—And the fame being read;—the said Bill was read a second time.

Eddied, That the Bill be committed.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Befolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties in Great Britain on certain Legacies, be now read :—And the fame being read ;—the said Bill was read a second time.

Befolved, That the Pill be committed.

B’solved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Befolved, That this House will, uponTuefday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingossed Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on the Amount of Assessments to be charged 011 the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, be now read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Bepositions of the State Prisoners confined in the Gaol of Kilmainham, in Dublin, given on oath before three Judges of the King’s Bench, who fat in the Prison for that purpose on the 16th and 17U1 days of July last.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Memorials signed conjointly by the said State Prisoners, and presented to the Lord Lieutenant prior and subsequent to those dates.

The Order of the day being read, for resuming the adjourned Debate on the Qucfiion, That the House do agree with the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County o dlesex, in the lirli Resolution of the said Committee;

And the House being informed, that Robert Albion Cox, Esquire, and Sir William Bardins, Knight, the Sheriff and Returning Officer of the said County, defned to be heard by their Counsel, to observe upon the Evidence presented to the House from the said Select Committee.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard as defiled.

Then the Counsel was called in; and havingrequefied that the House would allow him feme further time to prepare himself; he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the Counsel be heard upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Debate be resumed upon Monday next.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Befolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cc fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Befolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply

granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

.Lunce, 11 ° dieMartii;

Anno 45° Georgii III*11 ftegis, 1805.

Prayers.

AB I LI. for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Weft W?ft Newton Newton, in the County of Norfolk, was read a

second time.

Rtfoked, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fel-lowes. Sir Jacob Henry Aflley,&c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Egerton reported from the Committee, to whom Stockport

the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and p^!°.^nre» other Inhabitants of the Barony, Manor, Town, and reported.

Township of Stockport, in the Parish of Stockport, in the County Palatine of Chester, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure and.

Paving, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

James Antrobus Newton, being examined, said. That there are within the said Parish several Commons and Waste Lands, and if they were divided, inclosed and fold, or otherwise disposed of, and the money arising thereby applied in or towards defraying the expences of certain purposes for the benefit and accommodation of the said Town, and in aid of the Poors Rate, it would be of great advantage to the Inhabitants thereof; and that the Poor belonging thereto are become very numerous, and are supported at a very great expence to the Inhabitants; and if a suitable House was provided for the reception of such Poor, and proper Powers were given for their regulation, employment and government, it would not only be of great advantage to all Persons paying to the Poors Rate, but would tend to the better support, relief, and comfort of the Poor themselves:—And the Witness being further examined, said. That the said Town is a very populous and trading Town, and daily increasing, and it w ould be a great improvement, and tend to the safety and convenience, not only of the Petitioners, but of all Persons resorting to or passing through the fame, if the Streets and other public Passages and Places therein were paved, lighted, cleansed, watched, regulated, and otherwise improved, and if Powers were granted to remove and prevent nuisances, annoyances and encroachments from and within the said Town.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for div iding, inclosing, and felling or disposing of the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Manor, Barony, Town, and Township of Stockport, in the County Palatine of Chester, and for applying the money to arise thereby for the benefit of the said Town, and for other purposes relating thereto: And that Mr. Egerton and Mr. Cholmon-ddy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for continuing the term, and altering and en- Westmorland larging the powers of two A Sts, passed in the zfi and *nri }^nC,fter 24th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the committed!

R oads from Kirkby Steven High Lane Head, in the County of Westmorland, through Sedbergh, to Greet a Bridge, in

the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County, and in the Counties of York and Westmorland, was read a second time.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lafcdies, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’? Chamber.

LI A Bill

130 1 r -Marin. A. 1805.

fcxlmburgh A Bill for regulating the Police of the City of comniined. burgh and the adjoining Districts, and for other purposes relating thereto, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr.

rrumby, Mr. Robert Dunda &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

fcowyer’» A Bill to enable Robert of Pall Mall, in the

conmuttfd!1, ^ity of Westminster, Esquire, tb dispose of his collection

of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, together with several Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, by Way of chance, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Peter William Baker, Mr. Fuller, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Petition of A Petition of Johnson Lee, of Weft in the

r- County of Norfolk, Gentleman, was presented to the

Weft Newton House, and read; Taking notice of the Bill for inclosing inclosure Bill. Lands in the Parish of Weft Nezvton, in the County of Norfolk; and setting forth. That the said Bill contains Clauses extremely arbitrary and oppressive, and if passed into a Law in its present shape, great and manifest injury will be done to the Petitioner: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by himself, his counsel, agent, and witnesses, against the said Bill, and that the fame may not pass into a law as it now Hands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, his counsel, agent, and witnesses, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee, have voices.

Eleventh The House being informed, That Mr. Williams, Report of Secretary to the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, at-er°Naval" tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, Enquiry, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an presented. Act of Parliament,

The Eleventh Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry: (•—Issue of Navy Bills for the purpose of raising money—Loss arising from the mode of paying the Interest on Navy and Transport Bills—Money imprested by the Navy Board for secret naval services.)

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the ' Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account of Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty’s civil List Command:—An Account of Monies advanced for Pub-

presented.’ l'c Services from the Civil List Revenues (not being part of the ordinary expenditure of the Civil List) and which have not been replaced by Parliament:—And the title was read. 1

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. Appendix, The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this

(No. 34.) volume.

Sale Mr. Blackburne of Lancaftdre reported from the Com-

Incioiure Bill mittee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the rc-cronutted. Township of Sale, in the Parish of Aftiton upon Mersey, in the County Palatine of Chester, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Persons interested in a Moor, called Sale Moor, in the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had heard counsel for the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee {except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at «£*. 5. t~s. per annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Estates ail e fled to the Land Tax at £. 5. 1 4s.8 d.per annum, who were neuter; and that the whole of the property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed at £■*]$. zs. 2d. per annum)-, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to tire said Bill;

Befolved, That tire said Bill be re-committed.

Befolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the fame was committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for hearing Proofing counsel to observe upon the Evidence presented to the [3^'^;' House from the Select Committee appointed to, try and Widditjex. 'ft determine the merits of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the County of Middlesex, be now read :—And the fame being read;

The Counsel was called in, and heard:—And then he,

was directed to withdraw. --

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Debate on the Question, That the House do agree with the said Select Committee in the first Resolution of the said Committee, be now read:—And the fame being read;—the House resumed the said adjourned 1

Debate.

And the said Resolution was again read:—And the Minutes of the Evidence taken before the said Committee being also read;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Commit- RefoiMtioi* tee in the said Resolution,—" That on the thirteenth, a£reed to'

" fourteenth, and fifteenth days of the Poll, on the first " of which days there was a considerable majority of " votes in favour of William Mainzo, Esquire, the 3

" Sheriff, Robert Albion Cox, Esquire, and Sir William " Rawlins, Knight, wilfully, knowingly, and corruptly,

" did admit to poll for Sir Francis Baronet,

* upwards of three hundred persons claiming to vote " under & fictitious right, as Proprietors of a Mill, pur-" ported to be situated in the Parish of and

" called The Good Intent Mill, by which means a 1;

" colourable Majority was obtained in favour of Sir " Francis Burdett, who was thereby returned as having " the greatest number of legal votes."

The second Resolution of the Committee being read a second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution,—" That on the fifteenth ..

" day towards the close of the Poll, after such Majority " was established, they rejected persons who tendered " their votes under the fame circumstances."

The third Resolution of the Committee being read a second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution,—" That the Sheriff at the Poll " acted in a judicial capacity, by admitting counsel to " argue the validity of votes, and by deciding in feme <{ inllances on the validity of such votes; that in other;

* instances they refused to decide on the validity of " votes which were objected to, and stated, that they

" would admit any persons to poll who wy.uld.take the " oaths, declaring themselves to be only Ministerial " Officers; thereby acting in a manner contradictory to " their practice in other cases, and in flagrant violation tc of their duty."

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a second time,

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution,—" That the obvious ten-" dency of their conduct was to admit persons having no " right to poll, and to afford the greatest encouragement " to perjury."

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Robert Albion Cox, Esquire, and Sir William Razvlins, Knight, by their conduit and practice

■45 Geo. Ill;

11°—12° Mar til

isst

tice at the said Elefitiort, acted in violation of their duty, contrary to law, and in breach of the Privileges of this Ho use.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting after the word " Elc&ion," the words " as stated in the foregoing Resolutions, as well as by refusing to refer to the AlVell'ments for the Land Tax." And the Question being put that those words be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative:

Then the main Question so amended being put,

Resolved, T. hat the said Robert Albion Cox, Esquire, and Sir William Rawlins, Knight, by their conduct and practices at the said Election, as stated in the foregoing Resolutions, as well as by refusing to refer to the Assess-nients for the Land Tax, acted in violation of their duty, contrary to law, and in breach of the Privileges of this House.

shtriff Ordered, That the said Robert Albion Cox, Esquire, committed to and Sir William Raivlins, Knight, be for their said Of-Newgate. fence committed to His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Mutiny Bill, The Order of the day being read, for the third reading deferred. ’ of the ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

Br.ftomlry The Order of the day being read, for the second reading

Horfts of the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties dSd.11’ *n Great Britain on I lories and Mules employed in Huf-

bandry and other Services; and for consolidating the said additional Duties with the present Duties thereon;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Sait Duties The Order of the day being read, for the third read-j ?l!!j itig of the ingrossed Bill for granting additional Duties onSalt in Great Britain-,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades,

and Offices;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the "House to re- Supply, solve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to con- deier,6<t* fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Ways and solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- ^erred. -fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will; upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Fofter presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament;—An Account shew-ing how the Monies granted for the service of the year 1804 for Ireland have been disposed of, distinguished under the several heads, stated in Irish currency:—And the T itle was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Account of

Dii’pofirion of Grants for Ireland, presented.

Appendix, (No. 40.)

Marine The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-Mutiny Bill, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon stferred. pie Bj]} for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Me of Man The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-Iitrredl11* ^ve into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating and encouraging the Trade, for the improvement of the Revenue, and prevention of Smuggling to and from the Isle of Man;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committeecn The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-

solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the A els mentioned in the Resolutions which upon Friday last were reported from the Committee on Temporary Laws of a public and general nature;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee,

i|ar Bill, The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-£* solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon law!)"5 foe Bill for further continuing an Act, passed in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lien thereof;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

ifs^ilL The Order of the day being read, for the third reading rted. of the ingrafted Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on the Amount of Atfelfinents to be charged Vol.6o. 0

cm jin

Expiring

Lms,

inferred.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom Sheffield, &c.

the Petition of several Owners of El) at us and Inhabitants p ^n> in the Parities of Sheffield , Ecclesfield, and Penifon, in the reported. West Riding of the County of York, and the Places adjacent, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition; and had din‘fled him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Tassie: W here the favne was read; and is followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Bernard John Wake being examined, said. That if a Carriage Road were made to branch out of the present Turnpike Road leading from Sheffield to Penifon, at the Township of Wadjley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join (in the Township of in the said

Riding) the present Turnpike Road from Doncaster in the said County, to Salter's Brook in the County of Che/ler, it would be of general public utility.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for making, and keeping in repair, a Carriage Road, to branch out of the Turnpike Road leading from Sheffield to Penifon, at the Township of Wad fey, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join in the Township of Langset, in the/aid Riding, the Turnpike Road leading from Doncaster to Salter's Brook: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr. Henry Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Martis, 12° die Mcirtii;

Anno 45* Georgii III"5 Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Stratford The Lords and Mr. Cox: have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hoiiinwood for making and maintaining a Road from Hollinwood, in rlfnA tr_ the Township of Chadderton, to Featherfall, in the Road* Bill. Township of Handersfield, in the County Palatine of

Lancaster, and for making and maintaining several

Branch*

132 12" Mar til A. 1805,

Manchester and Bury Canal Bill.

Branches of Road to communicate therewith j without any Amendment: And also',

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to , and to to

raise money to complete the same j without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Royal A (Tent to Bill*,

A Message by Mr. 2uarme, Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

- Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

' And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where aCommission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to thp several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also em-

Sowering His Royal Highness the Prince of their

oyal Highnesses the Duke of York, the Dul-re of Clarence, the Duke of Kent, the Duke of the Duke of

Suffer, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of the Lord Archbishop of Cathe Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Aflentto the said Bills; and that the •Lord High Chancellor, the Lord and the Lord Auckland, named also in the said Commission, did

accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising the sum of twenty-two millions five hundred thousand pounds, by way of Annuities:

An Act for granting certain additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain on the conveyance of Letters:

An Act for making further provision for the effectual performance of Quarantine;

- An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to Bolton and to Bury, to raise Money to complete the same:

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Surrey Iron Railway to raise a further sum of Money for completing the said Railway, and the Works thereunto belonging:

An Act to enlarge the term and powers of two Acts, passed in the twenty-ninth year of his late Majesty and the seventh year of His present Majesty, for making a Road from the East fide of the Parish of Saint Mattheio Bethnal Green in the County of Middlesex, to the East end of Church Sh'eet in the said Parish, and to open a way into Slwredilch, and for keeping the fame in repair: An Act for making and maintaining a Road from flollimvood in the Township of Chadderton, to fall in the Township of Hundersfi in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making and maintaining fe-

yeral Branches of Road to communicate therewith:

An Act for inclosing and draining certain Lands in the Parities of Winterton, Faff Somerton, and So mer-

lon, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Simonburn, in the County of Northumberland:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishe? of Bothbury, and Ellfdon, in the County of Northumberland.

Antony’*

Nat. Bill, reported, and paised.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Antony, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the ’House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:-—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire reported from the Com- safe mittee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the indoiureB'.!!, Township of Sale, in the parish of Ashton upon , in rePortfd-

the County Palatine of Chester, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for continuing the term, and altering and en- Pengare-and larging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the 31ft vear

of his late Majesty, and the 9th year of His present Ma- Road Bill, jesty, for amending the Road leading from. PeugeJc to committed> Latchett's' Bridge, and other Iloads therein deferi bed, in the County of Wilts, so far as the same relate to the First District of Road therein mentioned, and for amending other Roads near or adjoining to the said Roads, was read a second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ba’dwin,

Mr. Charles Smith, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enlarge the term and powers of two Acts, Swindon and passed in the 2d and 24th years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road at or committed, near SivinJon to Marlborough, and from Marlborough to Everlev, in the County of Wilts, was read a second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Eficourt,&c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Sheldon reported from the Committee, to whom Middleton the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish o{Middleton ip indofure Bill, Tecfdale, in the County of Durham, was re-committed; reporte That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s interest is concerned in the said Bill;

Mr. Long, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty having been informed of the purport of the said Bill, gives His consent, as far as His Majesty’s interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for erecting and maintaining a Harbour, Docks, Aidroflan and other Works at Ar dr off an, in the County of Ayr, was read a second time. commuted.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jfi/gh Dalrymple Hamilton, Mr. Macdoioall, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Pierrepontreported from the Committee, to whom Grantham

the Petition of several Trustees for carrying into exeeu-tion two Acts, made in the 32d year of his late Majesty, and in the 7th year of 11 is present Majesty, so say as the same relate to the Road leading from Grantham in the County of Linco’n, to Nottingham Trent Bridge in. the County of Nottingham, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to

11 port

45 Geo. III.

12° Martii.

133

port, the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and supporting Rich Roads and Bridges therein, as shall ami he read the Report in his place; and afterwards de- be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the 43d year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of r

for making a Turnpike Road from Port inlick to the Ord, and converting the Statute Labour of the kid County into Money, was read a second time. -

That the Bill be committed to Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Robert & c.: Aud they are to meet

livered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as fol'oweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read:—And, Mr. James Garnet being examined, said, That the Trustees have borrowed considerable sums of money on the credit of the Tolls; which together with a great arrear of interest, is still owing; and that Rich Roads cannot he repaired, or Rich Money this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber, repaid, or the interest thereof discharged, except the term granted by the said Aids be further continued, and the powers thereof altered and enlarged:—Then, Mr. Alexander Foxcroft being examined, confirmed thfe above

evidence.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a. Bill for

The Order of the day being read, for taking into fur- Considerarion ther consideration the Report which was made fi-om the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and deter-. Riot* at mine the merits of the Petition of the several Persons, Knarrf* whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of them-

rr!

continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the pow- selves and others, being lawful Electors of the Borough ers, of two Acts, passed in the 3 2d year of his late Ma- of in the County of York, concerning the

jesty, and in the 7th year of His present Majesty, so far last Return for the said Borough;

as the same relate to the Road leading from Grantham in the County of Lincoln, to Nottingham Trent Bridge in the County of Nottingham: And that Mr. and Mr. Ejjre do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Acemutt* The House being informed, that Mr. Parnell (from lSbndDrtt °^ice of the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland)

ofinrbiKi, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar,

printed. presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of the Parliament of Ireland,

An Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Ireland to the 5th of January 1804—Seventh Year: And also.

An Account of the progress made in the Reduction of

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Thursday next.

Ordered, That the other Orders of the Day be now other Orden read. to read-

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, Lepsde* for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties in Great Britain on certain Legacies;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the third read- Mutiwr Bill,

the Public Funded Debt of Ireland to the 5th of January ing of the ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and De-1804: And also, " ’

An Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Ireland to the 5th of January 1805—Eighth year: And also,

An Account of the progress made in the Reduction of the Public Funded Debt of Ireland, to the 5th of January

J805.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Copies of all

Affada,

(No. 35-)

Treaties, See.

with Indian

tn be printed. British Government in India and the King or Mogul at

Delhi, or with his Ministers, subsequent to the conclu-fion of the Treaty of Bajfefo far as the fame may be disclosed without prejudice to the public service," be printed for the Members of the House.

fertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:—The said Bill was read the third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, directing certain Oaths to be taken in all Trials by any Court Martial, other than General Courts Martial.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 16. 1. 7. After " General" to insertt( and other."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Treaties, Engagements, or Correspondence, between the be. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do cariy the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Great

Braxted

IncIefureBiiJ,

ported.

The Order of the Day being read, for the second read- Hufl*n&y ing of the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Horse* Mr. Western reported from the Committee, to whom Duties in Great Britain on Horses and Mules employed

the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Braxted, in the County of F.Jfex, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his pjace; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by 011c; and upon the question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

in Husbandry and other Services, and for consolidating the said additional Duties with the present Duties thereon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be now read a second time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas Canning,

1 eilers for the I eas,£ Mr H: § 73’

»r n c u xt , f Mr. Coke, of Norfolk, 7

Tellers for the Noes, J The Temple. j 7&

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon this day six months.

Duties Bill, put off for ax mouth

totberland

Bill,

The Order of the Day being read, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting additional Duties on Salt in Great Britain.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put* A Bill for assessing the Proprietors of Land in the That the said Bill be now read the third County of Sutherland, towards the Expence of making The House dirided.

Vol. 60. Mm The

Sait Dutio Bill, priTcCU

Marine Mutiny Bill* defatted*

Committee oa certain Expiring Laws, deferred.

Sugar Billj deferred* (Expiring Law.)

Property Puties Bill*. passed,

134

12"—13° Marta. A. 1805.

The Noes went forth.

teller for the Yeas | Bmrne. } 9*-

TeHers for the Noes j W] 54'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for exempting Salt used in the Fisheries from the Duty.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question piut thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be tnade part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 18. To leave out and in-

fert " England" instead thereof.

1. 24. After " Shillings" to insert for and " upon every Buffiel of Salt or Rock . * Salt that shall be, or that shall " have been made at any Salt Work,

" or raised or taken out of any Salt " Mine or Salt Pit in Scotland, and *' which on or after the 22d day * of February 1805, shall have been *' or lb all be weighed, taken, or delivered for Home Consumption, an additional Duty of Two Shillings."

Pr. 3. £ 5. To leave out " Great Britain" and insert "England" instead thereof 1. 22. After " Shillings" to insert " for and " upon every Bushel of Salt made in " Scotland (Rock Salt excepted) for " which all the Duties by this Act <(granted therein, shall have been " paid or secured to be paid, and which shall be duly exported from " thence to parts beyond the Seas,

" a Drawback of Two Shillings."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting additional Duties on Salt in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence. '

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Acts mentioned in the Resolutions which upon Friday lad were reported from the Committee on Temporary Laws of a public and general Nature;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee,

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing an Act, passed in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof;

Befolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty, additional Duties on the Amount of Assessments to be charged on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, was read the third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the

Bill, by way of Ryder, for exempting Subaltern Officers of the Army from the effects of the l ax, so far as regards their Pay and Allowances.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up :—It palfed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties in Great Britain on the Amount of AlTaflrnents to be charged on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 13° die;

Anno 45* Georgii IIItl! Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

SIR Ralph Milbanke reported from the Committee, to Stockton and whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Darlington execution three Aids, palfed in the 20th, 22d, and 26th years of his late Majesty, for repairing the high Road reported, leading from the Town of Stockton upon Tecs, in the County of Durham, to Darlington, and from thence through Winftoneto Barnard Cajile in the same County,

and also of the several Creditors of the Tolls arising on the said Road, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the ' fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts -were read:—And, Mr. James being examined, said. That the Trustees have borrowed considerable sums of Money upon the credit of the Tolls, which are now due, with some arrears of interest; and that it is impossible to complete the said Road, and keep the fame )xt repair, and repay the Money borrowed, unless tine term of the said Acts be further continued, and the powers thereof altered, enlarged, and consolidated, and the Tolls encreased.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing three Acts, passed in the 20th, 22d, and 26th years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Stockton upon Tees to Darlington, and from thence to Barnard Cajile, in the County of Durham, and for reducing the said Acts into one, and for more effect ually repairing the said Road: And that Sir Ralph Milbanke and Air. Burdon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John William Andersonreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Chering/on, in the County of was

committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had. gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where tire Amendments were on read throughout; and then a second time, one by one and, upon the Qucilion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That tire Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

M A Bill

Chcrington Inclos'd Bill* reported

45 Geo. III.

13° Mart'll.

135

('.rflbenvell,

■ kc.

\Vjtr'•works

Bill,

comiuufed.

Petitions Again It, referred,

A Dill for supplying the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Cites Camberwell, and parts of the Parish of Saint Mary's Lambeth, and federal other Pnrilhes and Places in t lie Counties of Surrey and Kent, with Water, was read a second time.

Refolded, That the Pill be committed to Lord William Rut/ell. Sir John Frederick, &e.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal, and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Lambeth Water Works, which were severally

Copy of a Letter from the-Lords of the Admiralty to the Navy Board, directing the re-payment of the sum of j£. 159. 13 s. 8 (I.advanced by Colonel O'Neill to Lieu-

tenant Campbell, charged with Dispatches from Sir Popham, and to charge the Amount against Sir Home and the Lieutenant—pth April 1803: And also,

Copy of a Letter from the I.ords of the Admiralty to the Navy Board, directing the payment of a Bill for gF.8oo. drawn by Mr: Speannan, and the amount to bq charged as an inipreft against him and Sir Popham

—30th April 1803: And also, > .. .1

Copy of a Letter from Sir Evan Nenean, to the principal

presented to the H011 fe upon Friday lad, and then ordered Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy, dated to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a second 16th May 1803: And also.

time, might he again read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the confederation of the Committee, to w hom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by them-

Copy of a Letter from Sir Nenean, to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy, dated 17th May 1803: An<l also, ...

Copy of a Totter from Sir Evan Nepean, to Admiral

paired,

Lives, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Com- Lord reflecting the turning over the Crew of the

Romney to different Ships, dated zoth May 1803: And also,

Copy of a Letter from Sir Evan Nepean to the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy, dated i8thJuue 1803: And also.

Copy of a Letter from Sir Evan Nepean to the Navy Board, dated Admiralty Office, 30th December 1803: And also,

Copy of a Certificate of David Bartholomexv having passed his examination fora Lieutenant: And also, Copies of Letters from William Marfden, Esquire, to the Navy Board, dated 6th, 18th, 2 2d, & 24th February, 3d, 9th, 22d, & 26th March, 27th April, ift, 2d, 4th, & 15th Maj--, and 24th July, 1804: And also.

Copy of an Order from the Lords of the Admiralty to

mittee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit

0, ■dered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have voices. '

MiiWteton An ingrossed Bill for inclosintrLands in the Manors and lr.doiurt Bill, Townships o f Middleton in and Egglefton, in the

Parish of Middleton, in the County of Durham, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Middleton in Teesdale, in the County of Durham

Ordered, That Mr. Sheldon do carry the Bill to the the Navy Board, dated 6th November 1804, for taking

Avrshire Roids Bill, passed*

Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for altering, amending, and consolidating several Acts for repairing Turnpike Roads in the County of Ayr, for repairing other Roads therein, and for making more effectual the Statute Labour in the said County, was read the third time.

Refulved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for altering, amending, and consolidating sick and wounded Seamen in the Naval Hospital at several A^s for repairing Turnpike Roads in the County in the Red Sea, during the different Commands of Ad-of Ayr, for repairing other Roads therein, and for making miral Blanket, between 28th April 1799 and 25th July

off the R against the name of Mr. David Ezven Bartholomew on the books of the Inflexible: And also,

Copy of an affidavit of Captain William Mitchell, of the fafts and circumstances relating to his conduct towards David Ewen Bartholomew whilst lie was on board the

Ship Zealand; together with Copies of the Letters thereunto annexed: And also,

An Account of the Expences incurred for victualling

more efletSual the Statute Labour in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir HewHamilton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

F °e The House being informed, that Mr. from the

01 Volunteers, General Agency Office for Volunteer Corps; attended at Mated. the door; lie was called in; and, at the Bar, p re fen ted to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Statement of the sums expended in Great Britain for the Volunteer Service between the 1 ft day of June 1803 and the ill day of January 1805; specifying particularly how much thereof has been applied to the following heads: viz.Attendance at Drill—Inspection—

1801; and Sir Home Popham, betw een 26th July 1801 and 23d August 1802: And also.

An Account fliewdng the rates of Exchange 'at which the Bills drawn under the orders of Admiral Blanket and Sir Home Popham respectively, on account of victualling •lick and w ounded Seamen in the Naval Hospital at Mocha in the Red Sea, were negociated: And also.

An Account ffiewing the Rates of Exchange at which the Bills drawn under the Orders of Admiral Blanket and Sir Home Popham, on account of the Squadrons under their respective commands, were negociated: And also,

Copies of Letters from William Marfden, Esquire, to

Appendix, (-\'o. 15.)

Further Faper# ^pecting •r Home

°pham,

relented.

Permanent Duty—Drill Serjeants, Adjutants, Serjeants the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, dated 5th and 9th

~ ’ March, 14th April, and 2d May, 1804.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers:—And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Papers be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Major, Inspecting Field Officers, Brigadier Generals,

Majors of Brigade, Aides du Camp, &c.—and Clothing.

And then lie withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Statement do lie upon the Table.

The said Statement is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Mr. Dickinson, junior, presented, to the House, pursuant to their Orders, ' Ordered, That the Account of all Pensions on the Irish Account of

Copy of a Letter from the Lords of the Admiralty to ' Establishment granted since the ift of January 1804, so PIer"{!ar|'"<Js in the Navy Board, directing the payment of a Bill for far as the fame can be made out, specifying the date of to be printed. X500, drawn by Mr. Spearman, and the amount to be the fame, and the term of lives or years for which they charged as an imprest against him and Sir Home Popham have been respectively granted, be printed for the Mem-—5th May 1802: And also, bers of the House.

Copy of an Order from the Lords of the Admiralty to the Navy Board, directing the payment of the Billsdrawu Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee cm by Mr. Louis, and the amount "to be charged against resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- certam him, and also Sir Home Popham— 1 oth September 1802 t fider of the A<?ts mentioned in the Resolutions which.

And also, upon Friday last, were reported from the Committee on

60. Temporary

Expiring

Lzw*,

136

13° Martli.

A. 1805.

Temporary Laws of a public and general Nature, be now notwithstanding many of the said Persons, so sent and read:—And the fame being read; the House resolved procured to be sent as aforesaid, after they had entered itself into the said Committee. their names and descriptions on the Poll, but before

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. they had completed their Votes, were dete6led and

Mr. Dickinson, junior, took the Chair of the Committee* exposed determined by the agents and inspefctors of the Petitioner

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. George Boulton yet that the said Sir Francis

Mr. Dickinson, junior, reported from the Committee, his agents, friends, partizans, managers, and

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they others on his behalf, by various means, arts, and devices, bad directed him to report, when the House will please to did cause and procure great numbers of such false.

petitions of Merchants, &:c. of Dublin, respecting X- t per Cent# Duties.

receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

A Petition of the Wholesale Merchants of the City of Dublin! And also,

A Petition of the Retailers of the City of Dublin Were severally presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by the present existing Revenue Laws of Ireland, various articles of Trade

pretended, and fictitious Freeholders, to take, being duly required to take, the Freeholder’s oath, and the oath against Bribery, and did cause and procure the fame Persons to be received on the Poll, and their Votes to be entered for the said Sir Francis Burdett; and, in furtherance of the said unlawful purpose, did cause and procure divers Persons to personate real Freeholders of the said County, and in their names to give their Votes for the said Sir Francis Burdett; and did cause and procure

are subject, on their Importation by a Retailer, divers other Persons to vote for and in respect of Free-

to an additional Duty of per-cent, upon the Duties; and that the Petitioners conceive the payment of that Duty to be an unreasonable burthen upon the Retailer, a restriction upon trade, and an injury to the Revenue of Ireland: And

holds, to which they had not any right or pretence of right; and did also cause and procure divers Persons to vote more than once for the said Sir Francis Burdett; and by gifts and rewards, and by promises, agreements, and securities for gifts and rewards, did procure divers

therefore praying the House to abolish the said persons, as well those who were qualified to vote as also

Duty, or to adopt such regulations with respefct thereto as to them shall seem meet

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Middlesex Election— Petition of Freeholders.

those who claimed or pretended to have a right to vote at the said Election, and also others who had no pretence or colour to such right, to vote at the said Election for the said Sir Francis Burdett; and, in furtherance of the said unlawful purpose, did prevail on the said Sheriff to A Petition of George Boulton Mainwaring, Esquire, receive and put upon the Poll, after three o’clock, on the Sir William Gibbons, Baronet, Sir William Curtis, Baronet, fifteenth day of the said Election, the Votes of ten Pepe-Henry Thornton, Esquire, William Mellish, Esquire, and fons for the said Sir Francis Burdett, who had no right or Samuel Pepys Cockerell, Esquire, was delivered in at the title to vote at the said Election; and that by these and Table, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners Sir other unlawful and corrupt practices, the said Sir Francis William Gibbons, Sir William Curtis, Henry Thornton, Burdett, his agents, friends, partizans, managers, and

William Mellish, and Samuel Pepys Cockerell, now are, and at the time of the last Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the County of were, Freeholders of the said County, and claim to have had a right to vote at the said Election •, that at the said Election Sir Francis Burdett and the Petitioner George

others on his behalf, did procure a colourable and apparent Majority of one Vote for the said Sir Francis Burdett on the Poll over the Petitioner George Boulton Mainwaring; and the Petitioners further state, that the said Sir Francis , his agents, friends, partizans, managers,

and others on his behalf, did artfully and unlawfully Boulton Mainwaring, Esquire, were Candidates to repre- cause and procure great numbers of Persons to be admit-sent the said County as a Knight of the Shire for the ted to vote at the said Election for the said Sir Francis fame, in this present Parliament; and that the said Burdett who had no right whatever to vote at the said Election commenced on the 23d day of July 1804 at Election, and amongst them many persons who had not Brentford in the said County, and that the Poll taken at any colour or pretence of right to vote at the said Elec-the said Election continued open for fifteen days; at tion; and did also cause and procure divers Persons to which said Election James Shaio, Esquire, and Sir personate real Freeholders of the said County, and in William Leighton, Knight, were Sheriff and Returning their names to give their Votes for the said Sir Francis Officer for the said County; and the Petitioners further Burdett; and did cause and procure divers persons to Hate, that the said Sir Francis Burdett, his agents, friends, vote more than once for the said Sir Francis Burdett at managers, partizans, and others on his behalf, with divers the said Election, and to vote for Freeholds to which they wicked and evil disposed persons, regardless of the laws had no right, or pretence of right; and did also cause and against bribery and corruption in the Election of Members procure many Persons to be admitted to vote for the said to serve in Parliament, and of the pains and penalties of Sir Francis Burdett, who by gifts and rewards, and by perjury, and subornation of perjury, and in violation promises, agreements, and securities for gifts and rewards, and defiance of the laws and statutes provided for the were bribed and corrupted to give their Votes for the Security of the franchises of the real Electors in this said Sir Francis Burdettand that the said Sheriff did Kingdom, and intending and deviling to defeat the rights permit to vote, and did receive on the Poll, the Votes of of the real Freeholders of the said County of Middlesex, many Persons in favour of the said Sir Francis Burdett and to defraud them of their privilege of electing a who had no right to vote at the said Election, and at the Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the said said Election did reject the Votes of many Persons having County, did combine and confederate together, by means a right to vote, and who tendered their Votes at the said of fiQitious and pretended Voters, to obtain an apparent Election for the Petitioner George Boxdton Mainwaring, and colourable ma jority on the Poll in favour of the said and who ought to have been received and admitted to Sir Francis Burdett; and by these and other corrupt and vote at the said Election; and that by the aforesaid and unlawful means, to procure the said Sir Francis Burdett other unlawful means the said Sheriff did put and place to be returned to serve in this present Parliament for the upon the Poll 2833 Votes for the said Sir Francis Burdett, said County of Middlesex:, in opposition to the Votes of including therein the Votes of the before-mentioned ten the majority of the real Freeholders of the said County; Persons who had no right whatever to vote at the said and, in furtherance of the said unlawful purpose, did pro- Election, and whose titles to vote were examined into, cure great numbers of wicked and evil disposed persons and to whom the Freeholders Oath and the Bribery to rep relent themselves to be Freeholders of the said Oath were administered, and whose Votes were placed County, and to assume the names and descriptions of upon and added to the Poll after three o’clock on the real Freeholders of the said County; and did, on every fifteenth day of the said Election; and that the said day during the said Elefition, and more particularly on Sheriff did admit on the Poll for the Petitioner the said the latter days thereof, fend, and procure to be sent, George Boulton Mainwaring 2832 Votes, thereby giving divers of the said pretended Freeholders to Brentford, in to the said Sir Francis Burdett an apparent and colour-order to vote for the said Sir Francis Burdett j and that, able majority of one Vote on the Poll over the Petitioner

1 George

45 Geo. Ill*

George Boulton Maimcaring; by moans whereof the said Sir FrancisBuniett is now wrongfully returned to

lerve in this present Parliament as a Knight of the Shire for the said County of Mid differ, whereas the Petitioner George Boulton Man nearing had and hath on the said

Poll a large majority of legal Votes of the real Freeholders of the said County over the said Sir Francis Burdett, and was therefore duly elected a Knight of the Shire to represent the said County of in this present Parliament, and ought to have been returned a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the said County of. Middlesexinllead of the said Sir Francis Burdett, and ought now’ to be declared duly elected in dead of the said Sir Francis and the Return of

Sir Francis Burdett. ordered to be accordingly amended and altered; and the Petitioners further Hate, that the said Sir Francis Burdett, by himself, his agents, friends, managers, partisans, and others on his behalf, previous to and at the said Flection, was guilty of gross and notorious Bribery and Corruption; and that at and during the said Election, and previous thereto, the said Sir Francis Burdett, by himself, his agents, friends,

managers, partisans, and others on his behalf, by gifts and rewards, and promises, agreements, and securities for gifts and rewards, did corrupt and procure divers Persons, as well those who were qualified to vote as those who claimed or pretended to have a right to vote at the said Election, in their own names, or in the names of others, or for the Freeholds of others, to give tin >r Votes for him the said Sir Fran and did also by gifts and rewards, and pr/-.fifes, agreements, and securities for gifts and revo-ls, corrupt and procure divei» other Persons, hem: qualified to vote at the said Election, to refuse and ibrbear to give their Votes at the fame for the Petitioner the said George Boulton Main-waring, contrary to the law and custom of Parliament, and the laws and ihitutes of the Realm enacted for the prevention of Bribery and Corruption; and the Petitioners further state, that the said Sir Burdett, by himself, his agents, friends, managers, parrizans, and others on his behalf and at his charge, after the Telle of the Writ for the said Election, and at arid during the said Election, and before the Eldw ion of the said Sir Francis Burdett to serve in Parliament for the said County of Middle fee, did give, present, and allow to divers Persons who had Votes, or claimed or pretended to have right to vote at such Election, money, meat, drink, entertainment, and provision, and make presents, gifts, rewards, and entertainments, and make prom lies, agreements, obligations, and engagements to give and allow money, meat, drink, provision, presents, rewards, and entertainments, to and for fitch Persons having or claiming or pretending to have right to vote in the said Eletlion, and to and for the use, advantage, benefit, emolument, profit, and preferment of such Person and Persons, in order to his the said Sir being elected, and that the said Sir Francis Burdett might be elected to lerve in this present Parliament for the said County of Middlesex, in violation of the Standing Order and Regulations of the Hotife, and in' defiance of the Laws and Statutes of the Realm for preventing charge and expence in the Elect ion of Meritbers to serve in Parliament; and that, by the a fore fa id and other corrupt and unlawful means, the said Sir Francis Burdett obtained an apparent and colourable majority of one Vote over the Petitioner the said George Boulton Main-waring, inmanifeft violation of the rights and privileges of the Petitioners, and all other the real Freeholders of I he said County of Middlesex, whereas the Petitioners alledge,

and humbly infill, that the said George Boulton Main-waring had a large majority of legal Votes at the said Election, and ought to have been returned accordingly: And therefore praying. That the House will take the premises into their consideration, and will grant to the P* ationers such relief, and will take such other measures fe- vindicating the freedom of Election, and the franchises of real Freeholders, as to the House shall feern meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tuesday, the 9th day of April next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon,

-VOL. 60,

1ST

Memorandum t In purfimnce of several Acts, made fur regulating the trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, the like notices, as in former cases, were font to the parties; accompanied with orders for their attendance, by themselves, their couufel, or agents, at the time on which the said Petition was ordered to be taken into consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant, or warrants, for such persons, papers, and records, as shall he thought necessary by the several parties on the hearing of the matter of the said Petition.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously plea fed to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Commission or Appointment of Duke of Atholl to the Office of Governor of the Isle of Man, dated 14th February 1793.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to FI is Majesty, by such Members of this House as ate of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of an Instrument, dated the 4th day of August lafi, by which John Duke of Atholl appointed Lord

Murray to be Lieutenant Governor of the Isle of Man.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to fefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read :—And the fame being read;

The House was moved, That several Acts made in the Parliament of Ireland, 40 Geo. III.; and also, an Act made in the Parliament of Great Britain, 39 & 40 Geo. III.; and likewise several A* :s made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, 43 & 44 Geo. III. relating to the Revenues of Ireland, might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do eonfider of the said Acts.

Ordered, That the Account of the Ordinary Revenues and Extraordinary Resources constituting the Public Inc ome of Ireland, for the year ended the 5th of January 1805, be referred to the said Committee.

Tlvn the I louse resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair-

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That

they bad come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow,

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That lie was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday imxf, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider further of Ways and Means lor railing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this Floufe will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Floufe, upon the Bill for further continuing an Act, passed in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Nn

13° Ma

Address, &rc. re (peering rht Governor of the I lie of Man.

Committee of Ways ami Means.

Instruction.*

Account of

Public Income of Ireland, referred.

Supply, del erred.

Si!!jar Bill, •deferred. (Expiring Law,)

.138

14° MartS.

A. 1805.

■Joiis, 14° die Mart 'ii;

Anno 45® Georgii Iir" Regis,

1805.

Prayers.

MR. Praed presented to the House, according to and bring in, the fume.

c —

Cnmd Junt

Company's Order, a Bill for altering, amending, and enlarging

Bill, the Powers of certain Acts, for making and maintaining

that further provisions should be made for the better pre-

servation of the fame.

Olden'd, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for better regulating the taking of Salmon and other Fish in certain rivers in the County of Carmarthen: And that Mr. Ham'yn Williams and Sir William Paxton do prepare,

presented*

the Grand Junction Canal: And the fame was received; and read the first time

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Carmarthen C a >1, &c. Petition* reported.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Borough of , in the Comity

of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Taking notice of the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the Mr. HamlynWilliams reported from the Committee, 4th and 24th years of His present Majesty, for repair-

to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Justices ing the Road from in the County of

of the Peace, Burgesses, Inhabitants, Land Owners, and through Wtailing ford and , to Reading in the

Proprietors of Lands and Houses, in the County of the County of and for building a Bridge over the River

Borough of Carmarthen, and also the Justices of the Thames at or near Shillingford Ferry: And setting forth. Peace, and several of the Freeholders, of the County of That the Commissioners have been accustomed to repair Carmarthen, was referred; That the Committee’ had the Road to a place called the Fox Corner, in examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the the termination of the said Road, and the commencement House, relative to Bills for improving any City or Town, of the public Streets of Reading; and that, for want of a had been complied with; and that the Committee statement in the said Acts of a given point, as is usual in

Petition for Provision in Shi)lingford| &c.

Hoad Bill, V

had examined the matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act,

Road Bills, the Commissioners, to the manifest injury of the Parish of Saint Mary in through which

above a mile of the said Road passes before it reaches the inhabited part of the Town, have thrown the repairs thereof on the Inhabitants of that Parish, by confining themselves to the extremity of the limits and jurisdiction

passed in the 32d year of His present Majesty, for build- of the liberty of the Borough, and not to the Town; and

ing a new Gaol and House of Correction for the Town and County Borough of Carmarthen, and for other purposes, was read:—And, Mr. Charles Morgan, being examined, said, That several powers and provisions in the said Act have been found inconvenient and defective, and it is necessary that such powers and provisions should be repealed or altered and enlarged: That soon after the passing the said Act, the old Gaol of the said County Borough was taken down, and the Prisoners were re-

that the qualification of the Commissioners being confined to real property alone, the principal Inhabitants of Reading are almost entirely excluded from acting as Commissioners, and will still be so, if considerable personal property should not be also adjudged to be a sufficient qualification: And therefore praying the House to grant such relief as to them shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine

moved to and confined in the Gaol of the County; and the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear that the said Gaol or House of Correction being from its to them, to the House:

situation, extent, and accommodation, proper and sufficient to contain the Prisoners of the County Borough, as well as those of the County of Carmarthen, it will be of mutual advantage and convenience, if the fame should be the Gaol and House of Correction for the said County Borough, as well as for the said County.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for

And it is referred to Mr. George , Mr.

Charles Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township

repealing an Act, of the 32d year of His present Majesty, of Sale, in the Parish of Ashton upon in the County

for building a Gaol for the Town and County Borough Palatine of Chester, was read the third time.

Sale , InclosureBl ‘ paired.

of Carmarthen, and for paving, lighting, and supplying Ref lived. That the BUI dopafs: And that the Title be,

the said Town with Water; and for granting other Powers An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Sale, in for those and other purposes relating thereto: And that the Parish of Afiton upon Mersey, in the County Palatine Mr. Hamlyn Williams and Sir William Paxton do pre- of Chester.

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Cirmartfien

Salmon

Fitherieg

petition*

reported.

Mr. Ham'yn Williams reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the County and County of the Borough of Carmarthen, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 13th year of King Edward the first, and also an Act, passed in the 13th year of King Richard the II. for regulating the taking of Salmon, were read :— And, Mr. Charles Morgan, being examined, said. That the periods limited by the said Acts, are not suited to the Fisheries for Salmon, Salmon Peal or Salmon Kind, or Salmon Trout, or to the protection of the Spawn or Fry of Salmon in the several Rivers in the County and County Borough of Carmarthen, and have been found very prejudicial to the Owners and Proprietors of the Fisheries in such Rivers and to the Public; and that it will therefore be of great advantage to the Owners and Proprietors of such Fisheries, and to the Inhabitants of

Ordered, That Mr. Blackhurne of do cany

the Bill to the Lords, and deflre their concurrence.

A Petition of the Fewars and Inhabitants of the Village of Calton of Glasgow: And also,

A Petition of the Deacon and certain other Members of the Incorporation of Hammermen, of the City of Glasgow: And also,

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Villages of Renton, Bonhill, and Charlefon, in the Parishes of Car-

dross and Bonhill, and County of Dumbarton;

Were Severally presented to the House, and read; Taking notice of the high Prices of Provisions, particularly of Flour and Bread Corn; and praying for the repeal of an Act, made in the last Session, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Com and Grain, and also of so much of Act 31 Geo. III. as relates to impofiqg additional Duties on Foreign Corn wareliot^d in Great Britain, and taken out for home'.fton-fumption.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Petition*

respecting

Com Lawe.

the said County and County Borough of Carmarthen, to Order, a Bill for repealing three Acts, passed in the

20th,

Sir Ralph Milbanke presented to the House, according stodton and

Darlington RoaHs Bill* patented.

tancater

Justices—^ Petition for leave to ore fen t a Petition;

Leave given.

Petition

presented

lanover Ch,pel Petition, referred to a Committee,

&*on, «te. wclosure Bill ^Potted.

45 Geo. III. 14" M 139

20tl)> 22(1, and 26th years of his tatd Majesty, for repairing the Road from Stockton to Darlington, and from t hence to Barnard Castle, in t he County of Durham; and for reducing the said Acts into one; and for more efledlually repairing the said Road: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, Thai the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of several Justices of the Peace for the Comity Palatine of Lancaster, ailing in the Hundred of

Salford, in the said County, w as presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That the bilfiness of the General Quarter Sell ions, held by adjournment within the said Hundred, for the determination of such matters as arile within the said Hundred, is of peculiar magnitude and importance, owing to the very great population of the District, and the prevailing influence of the trade and manufacture established and carried on therein; and that the duties of a Chairman at the said Sessions cannot be effectually discharged but by a person possessed of a very considerable degree of legal know ledge, and whose regular attendances may be fully depended og, w’hich cannot be obtained unless some provision be made for his remuneration; and that the Petitioners had prepared a Petition for relief in the above-mentioned premises on or about the 27th day of February la ft, but the fame being on consideration found in some respects defective in point of form, it was judged necessary that a new' Petition ihnuld be framed and sent for the signature of the Mh-gistrates, and, by reason of this delay, the Petition could not be oflertd to the House before the time limited for receiving Petitions for Private Bills was elapsed: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to present a Petition for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular circumstances set forth in the said Petition, leave be given to present a Petition as desired.

Then a Petition of the said several Persons was presented to the House, and read; containing the fame Allegations as the Iaft preceding Petition: And praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill to provide for the raising of a salary to be paid to the Chairman for the said Sessions, or that such other relief may be granted as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Blackhurne of

Lancashire, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

The House was moved. That the Petition of Thomas Hill, of Dennis, in that part of the Parish of Old which lies in the County of Stafford, and Samuel Hopkins, of Blacnavon, in the Parish of Lanover, in the County of Monmouth, Ironmaflers and Copartners, which was presented to the House upon the 22d day of February Iaft, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; might be again read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. John William Ward, Mr. Lygon, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee to wrhom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Carlton, Chellington, and Sleventon, in the County of Bedford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the fa-tisfafibon of the Committee j and that the Committee

Vol. 60.

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, hi at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon* were agreed to by the House:

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendmqtits; be ingrossed.

An ingossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish GreaK of Great Braxted■,in the County of Essex, was read the inC[wJ,* reBi third time. , passed.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: A nd that the Title be,

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Braxted, in the County of E/frx.

Ordered, That Mr. Creeveij do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That ^.Ir. Alexander do make the Report Report on from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it w as referred to consider of the Acts mentioned in the Refo- xlvvs.0 lutions which, upon Friday last, were reported from the Committee On Temporary Laws of a public and general Nature. ...

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had dirt died to be reported to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Befolved, That it is the Opinionof this Committee, That an Act, made 43 Geo. III. intituled, "An Act for dif-" continuing certain I)iawba< ks and Bounties on the " Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing,

" until ihe ir, th day of January 1804, other Drawbacks •c and Bounties instead thereof," w inch was continued, an Act of the Iaft Session of Parliament, until the 25th day of March 1S05, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Befolved, That it is the Opinionof this Committee, That an Act, made in the Iaft Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act to permit, until the 25th day of March 1805;

* the warehousing of Spirits in Ireland for Exportation;

" for charging a Duty on the fame when taken out for " home confuinption; and to regulate the Exportation " to Great Britain of such Spirits as shall not be ware-" housed," is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

BeJblved, ThaX~\t istheOpinion of this Committee, That an Act, marie 39 Geo. III. intituled, "An Act for ena-" bling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and " permit the Importation, of Corn, and for allowing the " Importation of other articles of provision without payment of Duty, to continue in force until six weeks after " the commencement of the next Session of Parliament, which was continued by an Act of the 39th and 40th years of His present Majesty, and amended and farther continued by several subsequent Acts until the 25th day of March 1805, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, purfimnt to the first of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alexander,

Mr. Sturges Bourne, and Mr. Hu/kffdo pit pare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the subsequent Resolutions of the said Committee: And that the fame Gentlemen do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Iaft iretan^— Session of Parliament, for charging, until the 25th day of March 1805, certain Rates and Duties, and for ai-lowing certain Bounties and Drawbacks upon goods, on sugar,’ wares, and merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland; and also for charging certain Inland Duties of Excise qpd Taxes in Ireland, in lieu of former Rates,

Duties,

m

14° Mar tii.

A. 1805.

Duties, and Taxes, Bounties and Drawbacks, might be read:—And the same was read.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty, until the 25th day of March 1805, certain Duties on the importation of the goods, wares, and merchandize therein mentioned, into and also certain Duties of Excise on Spirits, Malt, and Tobacco, in Ireland and for the increase of certain Public Revenues in Ireland, by making the same payable in British currency, might be read:—And the fame being read;

Bcfolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of To much of the said Acts as relates to the Drawbacks or Bounties on Sugar exported from Ireland.

Petition from A Petition of the Retail Merchants of Galway, was Galway, prefeiited to the House, and read; setting forth. That, 2 ^percent by the present exiting Revenue Laws of various

Duties in articles of trade are subject, on their importation by a Retailer, to an additional Duty of 6 per-cent, on the Duties payable by other merchants; and that a Law founded on such distinctions must be partial and of-preflive: And therefore praying the House to repeal the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Public

Income,

Ireland.

Account

rd petting a Balance clue from the Hon. Keith Stewart, preidited.

The Lord's have agreed to

Horses Duties Bill.

Minchester and Act ton under Lvnc Canid Bill.

Peak Fo’fdr Canal Bill.

The LoMs have passed

Wolf’s Nat. Bill.

G filer’s Nat. Bill.

Malm*’* Nat. Bill.

Irrhnd— Accounts ordered;

Consolidated

Fund.

Seamen’s

Mr. Hufkiffim prefeuted to the House, pursuant to their Order:—An Account of all Aims of Money which have been paid by the Executors of the Honourable Keith Stewart to the Lords of the Treasury, in respect of a balance of 41,461. is. of d.reported to be due from his estate to Government in 1797, specifying the times at which such payments were respectively made:—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Melfege from the Lords, by Mr. Stratford and Mr. Cox:

Mr. Sneaker,

Ti le Iyords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties in Great Britain on Horses used in riding or for drawing certain Carriages, and for consolidating the said additional Duties with the present Duties thereon; without any Amendment: And also, '■

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to or near Ashton-under-lyne and Oldham, more effectually to provide for the discharge of their debts, and to complete the said Canal, and the Cuts and Works thereto belonging; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Peak Forest Canal more effectually to provide for the discharge of their debts, and to complete the said Canal, and the Cut, Railways or Stone Roads, and other Works thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act naturalizing Friederick Gottlieb Wolf; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Gerard Ge'ler; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for na’.iv-afzing Christian William Mafias', to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.-And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Charges outstanding against the Balance of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland on the 5th day of January 1805; specifying whether any, and which of them, have been since paid.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the fuxns due by the Commissioners of the

Navy, on account of Aims advanced by Collectors in Ireland for Seamen’s Wages, &c. in the year ending the 5th of January 1805.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Unfunded Particulars of the Unfunded Debt of Ireland on the 5th Debt* of January 1805.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the Payments made on account of the different Balances and Arrears Rated, by an Account of the ordinary Revenues and extraordinary Resources of Ireland, to be outstanding on the Mh days of January 1804 and 1805 respectively; specifying the times when, and the different heads under which such payments w ere respectively made.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the Payments 011 account of Duties, by the said Account Rated to be due but not payable until after the 5th day of January 1805; specifying the times when such payments were made, and of the Anns received by the Bank on account of Bills, by the said Account Aated to be deposited by the Receiver General to the credit of the Teller of the Exchequer.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to Exchequer enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Trea- ordered!!* Airy of Great Britain to issue Exchequer Bills, on the credit of such aids or supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament for the service of Great for the year 1805: And that Mr. Hafkifon, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Lcvaine, Lord Viscount

Fitz-IIarris, Mr. Long, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. St urges Brume, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Dublin the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to make out a new Writ for the tlefting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the College and University of the Holy and Undivided Trinity near D blin, in the room of the Honourable George Affi ox, who A nee his Elen ion for the said College and UniverAty, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer in Ireland.

King’*

County

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warant to the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to make out a new- Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for King's County, in the room of Sir Laurence Parsons, Baronet, who, Ance his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of one of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Exchequer in Ireland.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read.

The feid Resolutions are inserted in the Appendix to this volume. (No. 36.)

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideratioft Tommorrow.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland 35 Geo. III. for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, and for repealing the several Acts therein mentioned, might be

In lb EJettion Bili ordered.

read :—And the Aime being read

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending the said Act, so far as relates to Freeholds under the yearly value of twenty pounds, and for making further and other regulations relating thereto: And that Mr. Bagwell, Mr. Foster, and Mr. James Fitzgerald, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Special into further consideration the Report, which was made Report from the Select Committee, who w ere appointed to try ^ots a» xo ... and

be

£3U

45 Geo. III. 14—15° Martil. 141

ami determine the merits of the Petition of the several 27th year of Ills prefeet Majesty, for repairing the Persons, whole names are thereunto lttbscribed, on he- Road leading from Berwick upon Tiered, by Avion half of themselves and others, being lawful Electors of to Dunglav Bridge, and also the Hoads from the Boj-oi 11711 of Knare/horongh, in the County of York, tear/ and to join the said Hoad at or near

concerning1 the lad Return for the said Borough. Cockbnrn/path Toxocr, in the County of Berwick: And

And the said Report, was-again read :—And the Mi- the fame was received'; and read the first time: nates of the Proceedings of the said Committee were also That the Bill be read a second time.

’fhilnt'on* •eed to.

nfy 'al to ute.

Ml.

d.

airing

read.

Thelloufe was moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 14 th day of February 1776, of the Proceedings of the House in relation to the Report from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the merits of the Election and Return for the Borough of Shafltsbury, might be read :—And the fame was read.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 18th day of May 1803, of the Proceedings of the House in relation to the Report from the Select Committee, who were appointed to try and determine the merits of the Election and Return for the Borough of Ilciujler, might be read :—And the fame was read.

And the Resolutions of the Committee being read a second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the Resolution,—" That no Election was held,

" nor any Return made of a Burgess to fervent Parliament " (in- the Borough of A ’nare/horoin the County of " York, in compliance with His Majesty’s Writ, bearing " d. te the c.th day of July last pall, directed to the Sheriff " of York, for that purpoi’o."

Re'btved, That the House do agree with the Committee in tho- Resolution,—" That John and " Col'in’t. Bailiffs and Returning Officers of the said Borough, were prevented from proceeding to the Election " of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the " said Borough., according to the Precept delivered to " them by virtue of the King’s Writ as aforesaid, by a " violent tumult which took place in the said Borough "on the 30th of July last pall, the day appointed by "Proclamation for holding Inch Election."

Rc/blred, That the House do agree with the Committee in the Resolution,—"That Joseph " Richard Dengs, Thomas Abbott, William Whitehead,

" Ann Houseman, William Allifoauctioneer, and a person of the name of Ilenloclc, were principally concerned

" in instigating or committing the outrages which took " place in the said tumult, whereby the Returning Offi-" eers were prevented from holding an Election for a " Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough." Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do forthwith prosecute the lift! Joseph Mofey Allen, Richard Daces, Thomas Abboit, William Whitehead,

liam AVifon, aunioneer, and the personof the name of Undock, mentioned in the last of the said Resolutions, for their said OUcnces.

The other Order of the dav being read; lljolvcJ, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve it ft It' into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing an Act, passed in the 43d year of 1 lis present Majesty, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks, and

Bounties in lieu thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The House. being informed, that Mr. Johnjbn, from the Account of Office oftlie Chief Secretary for Ireland, attended at the sJ^*v,e^*,n? door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Ireland and the House, purRiant to their Order,

An Account of all Ships, together with their Tonnage, printed, which from the British West Indian Colonies have entered at the Ports of Ireland; distingiiishing each Port, and Ships whether British, Irish, or Foreign; and of all Ships that from Ireland have cleared outwards for the West Indian Colonies, together with their Tonnage; distingiiishing British, Irish, and Foreign Ships; from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1805, inclusive.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The laid Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing FriederickGottlieb Wolf, was read the first time.

Besideed, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Christian William Malius, was read the

first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of the Magistrates, Town Council, and Petition from Inhabitants of the Burgh of Cupar, in was p relented (CuA'’’ to the House, and read; Taking notice of the high Prices Corn Laws, of Provisions, particularly of Flour and Bread Corn; and praying for the repeal of an Act, made in the last Session, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and also of so much of Act 31 Geo. III. as relates to imposing additional Duties on Foreign Corn warehoused in Great Britain, and taken out for Home consumption.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Fords, intituled, An Act; Getter’* for naturalizing John Gerard Gellewas read the first Nr^dBJ!’ time.

Ilejblved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Baercell presented to the House, according to irifoEkaioa Order, a Bill for amend in g an Act, passed in the Parlia- Blll> ment of Ireland, in the 35th year ofl lis present Majesty, Presented*

for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Par- , liament, so far as relates to Freeholds under the yearly value of twenty pounds, and for making further and other regulations relating thereto: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes Carlton, &c.

of Carton, Cliellington, and St event on, in the County of lnc,?<ureJJil,»

Bedford, was read the third time. patied.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Carllpn,

Cheilingtcn, and Steven/on, in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Die kins do carry the Bill to the Lords, and cleft re their concurrence.

Wolf’* Nat Bill, read.

Marius's Nat. Bill, read.

Veneris, ! 5° die Martii;

Anno 45* Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

HI M Box/dAlexander presented to the House, accord-d.’ I' i- irtg to Order, a Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, made in the \ OL 60.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Account of House, pursuant. to the directions of an Act of Parlia- £ha.'p"fton merit:—An Account of the Charges on the Civil Lilt prei'euted! Revenues lor Arrears to the 5t.l1 of January 1804, and for the Quarters ending tho 51 h of April and fth of July 1804, as appears by the Estimates laid before Parliament in the last Session, and the actual Payments whic h have been made to discharge the fame; the wing the excess

Q 0 or

Appendix

(No. 37.)

Report

Ways and Means, further confule red.

Committee on

Leveies Duties Bill.

Isle of Man Trade Bill, deferred.

Committeeon

Marine

Mutiny Bill.

142

15° Marta. 1805.

or diminution of the Chartres paid, compared with the said FitinnatesAnd the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read:—And the fame being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

The first Resolution of the Committee being read a feeond time, was agreed to by the House.

The feeond Resolution of the Committee being read a feeond time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas{ Bourm. } >»7.

Tellers for the Noes

f Mr. John La touche,

’(Sir Charles Price: 3

44.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the subsequent Resolutions of the Committee being fevevally read a feeond time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the first, feeond, third, fourth, fifth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Fofier, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr.

Ormsby, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the sixth and eleventh of the said Resolutions: And that the fame Gentlemen do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the seventh and eleventh of the said Resolutions: And that the fame Gentlemen do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That a Bill he brought in, upon the eighth, ninth, tenth, and eleventh of the said Resolutions: And that the fame Gentlemen do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the fifteenth and seventeenth of the said Resolutions: And that the fame Gentlemen do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties in Great Britain on certain Legacies, be now read :—And the fame being read;

The H otife resolved iiself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made fevetal Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday next.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating and encouraging the Trade, for the improvement of the Revenue, and prevention of Smuggling to and from the If;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the House, upon the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on 11 lore.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow,

The Order of the day being read, for the IToufe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eon-fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the TIoufe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of all films of Money which have been issued by His Majesi y’s Orders pursuant to the Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List Revenues (not being part of the ordinary expenditure of the Civil List) and which have not been replaced by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this TIoufe will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

: Oi

:« f

p°

oiii

101

1*

Ways and Means, tielerrci

\\i

sro

mo:

(VJ,

Committee {

Supply. lb'

j. fffi

Accounts, referred; P

Addrest

Money.

Civil List f " Advances. / b 1

1 X;-n: all

"Ti-

vtr

* v.l 4 it,

iUZ.l

tid

1

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts of- I Account of all Shins, with their tonnage, that arrived

from Africa in the British West Indies, from the 5th of ordered. * •' k:.:

January 1802 to the latest period at which the fame can H:

be made up, with the number of Slaves imported on board b

the fame in each year; together with the number re- (>•

exported and retained; distinguishing each year, and, so L

far as may be, the country or place to which the said Slaves shall have been re-exported.

Ordered, That there be.laid before this TIoufe, an Account of all Ships or Vessels which have annually cleared out from the Coast o (Africafrom any of the Ports of Great Britain, respectively, for the last ten years

to the latest period; together with the number of Slaves which each Ship or Vessel respectively was to be allowed to carry.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to Ireland— p resolve itself into a-Committee of the whole House, to - t

consider of so much of certain Acts, made in the last Bounties, Session of Parliament, as relates to the Drawbacks or ffy.

Bounties on Sugar exported from Ireland. ’ ’ j

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve y,

itself into the said Committee. It,

Mr. Alexander prefen ted to the House, according to Exchequer , <, Order, a Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury of Great Britain to iliue Exchequer pr Bills, on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament, for the service of Great Britain, for the year 1805: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Btfolred, That the Bill be read a feeond time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a feeond time Tomorrow.

Mr.

1

Expiring Laws Bill, prrlented. (Spirits & Coin.)

Irish Sugar Bill,

presented.

(Expiring

Laws.)

Act. respecting Irish Provi lions, to be considered.

Sugar Bill, deterred. (Expiring Law.)

Lea and Cleaverton Inclosure Bill, committed.

Norwich

Road

Petition,

reported.

45 Geo. III. 15°—16° Marl'd. 143

Mr. Alexander presented to the TIoufe, according to Order, a Bill for continuing several Laws relating to the permitting the warehousing of Spirits in Ireland for Exportation; for charging a Duty on the fame when taken out for Home consumption; and for regulating the Exportation to Great Britain of Spirits not warehoused; and to the prohibiting the Exportation from, and permitting the Importation to Great Britain, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other articles of Provision, without payment of Duty: And the fame was received; and road the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow-.

Mr. Alexander presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue foveral Acts for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Jl delved. That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

The House was moved, That the third of the Refo-lulibns which, upon Friday lafr, were reported from the Committee on Temporary Laws of a public and general Nature, might be again read:—And the fame was read, and is as folfoweth; viz.

" Befolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

" That so much of an Act, made 41 Geo. III. as enables " the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to prohibit the Exportation from " Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, and of all Provisions " whatsoever; and to permit the Importation into " land of Corn and Fish, and all Provisions whatsoever, " without payment of Duty; which was continued by " three Acts, passed 42, 43, and 44 Geo. III. until the " 25th day of March 1805, is near expiring, and tit to be " continued."

Befolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Act mentioned in the said Resolution.

The other Order of the day being read;

Befolved, That this House will, To-mqrrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, upon the Bill for further continuing an Act, passed in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allow ing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

» ——

Sahbati, 16° Marin;

Anno 43° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

A BILE for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Lea and Cleaverton, in the County of JFills, was read a

second time.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Fane, Mr. Goddard k c. :And they are to meet this Afternoon,

in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Jacob Henry Ajlley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trullees appointed to put in execution two Acts, made 9 & 12 III. for repairing and widening the Hoad from the City of Norwich to Scole Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, and of several Persons who have advanced money on the credit of the said A6rs, was referred; S hat the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the TIoufe, relative toTurnpike Bills, had been complied with; except that the Notices, which are required to be given in the Vol. 60.

Newspapers three times in the months of August and September, or either of them, wrere not given till the month of October; but it appeared to the Committee, by the evidence of a Member present, who attended a meeting of the Trullees held in August last, that the Clerk (who is fmee dead) was directed to give Notice of the application in the visual manner; and a copy of ’he Notice having been found among his Papers, dated the 15th of September, the Committee are induced to believe that the otnillion was occasioned determined by his very ill Rate of health at that time; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, -and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his place: and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Arts were read :—And, Mr. Harry Browne, being examined, said. That the Trullees have borrowed a considerable sum of Money on the credit thereof, but they find the present Tolls are not sufficient effectually to keep and maintain in repair the said Road, and to discharge the Money borrowed, uriless the term granted by the said Acts is continued and the powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Auditing

Public

Accounts.

Malt and Barley Committees.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred SuPPb'-to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutious which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth;

Befolved, That it is the Opinion of t his Committee, That Add re ft

a sum, not exceeding eight thousand seven hundred nine- Money, ty-two pounds four shillings and four pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued by His Majesty’s orders pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Befolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding eight thousand and ninety pounds sixteen shillings and three pence, be granted to His Ma-jtltv, to make good the like sum which has been issued to Bernard Cobbe, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for addir tionaballowances to Clerks in the Office for auditing the Public Accounts, for three quarters of a year, to the 5th day of lanynry 1803.

Befolved, That it is the Opinion of thi- Committee, That a sum, not exceeding two hundred and fixfv pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like lurn which has been ift’ued to Doctor George Skene Keith at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of IIis* Majesty Civil List Revenues, for expences attending the Malt and Barley Committees of the House of Lords.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Expences a sum, not exceding one thousand and sixty pounds and ,llider.Act for ten shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued to John Wild a Abufts.

Esquire, at the receipt of the Exchequer, out His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for contingent expences in the execution of the Act for enquiring into Naval Abuses.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Poor Returns, a sum, not exceeding five hundred pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued to Thomas Poole, Esquire, at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for expences attending the digefting and abllrafting Poor Returns.

Befolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Chairman of a sum, not exceeding two thousand six hundred ninety-eight pounds six shillings and six pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued to Lord IFal/ingham, at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil Lilt Revenues, for his attendance as Chairman of the Committees of the House of Lords in Session 1803-4.

' q Refoxed,

Committees HoulV or Lords.

144.

16° Martii.

A. 1805.

Mr.

Cltmvntfon.

Ttnr.'.r* Police Office*

Index to

Journ.h House of Lords.

New South Wales.

Parliament

Office.

New

Bruntwick.

Presbytenan Minitters in Ireland.

Fxncnces

under Clergy Ke;idtnce Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding two hundred and nineteen pounds and fix /hillings, he granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been i lined to John Clementson> Esquire, at the receipt of the Exchequer, out ot His Majesty’? Civil List Revenues, for one year’s rent of a - House in lieu of the Apartments he resigned at the House of Commons, due at Midf/mmer 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding six hundred forty-nine pounds and eight thillings be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to the Magistrates of the Thames Police Office, to defray the expences of a plan for the more perfect security of the Slopping in the Port of London.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding five hundred fifty-nine pounds nineteen findings and six-pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like fiun which has been issued to Thomas Brodie, Esquire. at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, in advance for making an Index to one volume of the Journals of the House of Lords.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a ftuu, not exceeding one thou fund four hundred twenty-eight pounds arid three shillmgs, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued to Thomas Evance, Esquire, at the receipt of the Exchequer,* out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for continuing and perfecting the Index to the Journals of the House of Lords for seven years to the ill day of July 1801.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding seventy-two pounds sixteen /hillings and six-pence halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, ♦o make good the like sum which has been issued to William Chinnerv, Esquire, at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for Stationary provided for the Settlement at New South Wales. -

Resolved, That it is tlieOpinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding two hundred thirty three pounds and twelve /hillings be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued to William Chin-ncni, Esquire, at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for Mathematical In-struments provided for New South Wales.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding four hundred and sixteen pounds two /hillingsand four-pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued to the Right honourable George R<fe, at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of Ills Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for expences at the Parliament Office in the Session 1803-4.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding four thousand nine hundred and five pounds four findings and tuo-pence three-farthings be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been ilined to Edward Calvert, Esquire, at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’,s Civil List Revenues, to discharge the arrears of salary due to the several persons on the Civil Establishment of New Bruns wick.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding eight thousand seven hundred thirty-one pounds eighteen /hillings and sixpence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued to MeffieursPuget and Rainbridge, at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of I lis Majesty’s Civil List Revenues to repay the like sum remitted by them to Ireland, for making a further provision for the Presbyterian Ministers of the Synods of Ulster and M under.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding five hundred forty-seven pounds seven findings and six pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like fiun which has been issued to Doctor Thomas lhvoke Clarice, at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for

his trouble ami attendance hi the year ended the 5th day

of January i8or)5 relative

to an Act for enforcing the

Di temper

among

Horned

Cattle.

Residence of the Clergy

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding one hundred sixteen pounds and nineteen shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to the representatives of Doctor Daniel Peter Layard, as a eompensation for his services relative to the Diliemper . among the Horned Cattle.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Bills drawn a sum, not exceeding two thousand six hundred ninety-three pounds and fifteen /hillings, be grunted to ilis acs‘

Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued to William Chinnery, Esquire, at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to enable him to pay sundry Bills, drawn on account of Ncio South Wales, which will become due in the year 1805.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Public Office a sum, not exceeding three hundred and five pounds Bow-itrect-Seventeen /hillings and four pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued to George Thomas Baldwin, Esquire, at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to make good the deficiency of the sum granted in the last Session of Parliament, on account of Expences of the Public Office in Bow Street in the year 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Horse Patrolc. a sum, not exceeding one thousand and sixty pounds and sixteen shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum, which has been issued to Sir Richard Ford, at the receipt of the Exc hequer, out of His Majesty’sCivi! Lift Revenues, towards defraying the expences of a plan for the establishment of a Ilorfe Patrole for the better security of the public Roads leading to the Metropolis.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Pubfiflun

'zip'

L.:J-

k;

r1

a sum, not exceeding four hundred and thirty-five pounds,

be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum, which has been ifi'ued to Henry Esquire, at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for making up and publishing in the London Gazette, Weekly Returns of the Average Price of brown or MnfcovadoSugar, for one year, to the i ft

day of October 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of his Committee, That Mr. Cotman. a sum, not exceeding two hundred and thirteen pounds eight shillings and seven pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Ann, which has been issued to Edward Caiman, Esquire, at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, being the cielieiency of the Grant of the last Session of Parliament for his Bill of Difhurfcmeuls as Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons, for the Session 1803-4.

Resolved, That it is tlieOpinion of this Committee, That New a sum, not exceeding one hundred seventy-two pounds South Wales, and thirteen shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum, which has been issued to William Chinnery, Esquire, at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of II is Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for the payment of a Framed Room for the use of the feltlement at New South Wales.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Relief of a sum, not exceeding one thousand and fifty-nine pounds Brit, fll and two shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum, which has been issued to John Julius Anger/fein, Esquire, at the receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to be by him remitted for the support and relief of British subjects detained in France.

The said Refohitions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

itei.

B.

U

l-

Subjects in France.

Mr.

Stratford and The Lord*

hive agreed

A Meffiage from the Lords, by Mr. Cox;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bid, intituled, An Act Mutiny Bill for punishing Mutiny and JDefertiuii; and for the better

JEv: lie :\l

4

jilrPtfi*

iJiii.

Sperry Jutiei Bill-

[he LobIs

i.:vc j'.i-'

d;!o>iek's fat. Bill.

fuller’s (at. Bill.

[rA-^M’s

wt. Bi 1.

fc!ari—

f iiitoms

Duties Bill,

icflted* ’

Irr^nd— Euth*, &c.

Duties Bill, Rented.

Inland— t mp Duties

Bill,

rt-ier.ted.

rehnd—

‘ullage

itK, Bill, dented.

land-

tit and

unis

E Bill, tnted.

• nt of dmwn dm inti m uml ^pboni, Hed.

ne

cd.

45 Geo. III. 1(5° Marti!,

145

Payment of the Army and their Quarters; without any Amendment: And ado,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for "ranting additional Duties on Salt in Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also,

Tim Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for "-ranting to Mis Majesty additional Duties in Great Britain on the amount of Aflelfmenls to he charged on the profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Ofiiees; without any Amendment: Anti all’o.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Michael Malonek; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this l louie: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Fredrick Muller ;to which the Lords defnethe concurrence of this lloule: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Laden j'g Aitgujl Leak'eld-, to which the Lords deli re the concurrence of this 1 louse.

And then the Molfengers withdrew.

Mr. Foster presented to the I louse, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties, upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks, and Bounties: And the fame was received j and read the lirfl time.

Refblvcd, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Mr. Foster presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, in lieu of former Duties of Excise and Taxes: And the lame wgs received; and lead the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Mr. Alexander presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting 1o LI is Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That, the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next

Mr. Alexander presented to the TIoufe, according to Order, a Bill for repealing certain Duties upon Letters and Packets lent by the Poll within Ireland, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be road a second time upon Monday next.

Mr. Alexander presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon Malt made in Ireland, and upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, for the year 1805: And the fame was received; and road the tirll time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Mr. Dickinson, junior, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order:—An Account, Viewing the Rutes of Exchange at which the Bills, drawn under the orders ot Admiral Blankett and Sir Home Popham, on account of the squadron under their respective command in the Red Sea, were negociated :—And the Title w as read.

Ordered, That t lie said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the I louse.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Section.

Mr -Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole lloule, to whom the Bill ior the Vol. 60.

Regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on shore, w as committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabie: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Malonek* naturalizing John Michael Malonek, w*as read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Leukfeld’* naturalizing Ludeicig Aitgitjl Leukfeld, was read the Nar^a®'11' first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Muller’* for naturalizing John Fredrick Muller, was read the first Narr^‘!l' time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itfelfintoa Ireland— Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much Co^‘t,eeoft of certain Acts, made in the last Session of Parliament, as respecting relates to the Drawbacks or Bounties on Sugar exported

c r 1 a 011 Sugar.

Irom Ireland.

Mr. Speaker.left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

‘ Mr. Alexander reported from tire Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. -

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next. ...

A Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Exchequer Majesty’s Treasury of Great Britain to ifi’ue Exchequer Bllls Bl11’ Bills, on the credit of such aids or supplies as have been comnutw * or iha.ll be granted by Parliament, for the service of Great Britain, for the year 1805, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Monday next, ' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

A Bill for continuing several Law s relating to the per- Expiring mitting the warehousing of Spirits in Ireland for Exportation; for charging a Duty on the fame when taken out (Spirits & for home consumptiou; and for regulating the Exporta- Corn.) tion to Great Britain of Spirits not warehoused; and to the prohibiting the Exportation from and permitting the Importation to Great Britain, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other articles of Provision without payment of Duty, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next* refob e itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue several Acts for rccrulating the irish D rand racks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar Sugar fill, from Ireland, w as, according to Order, read a second time. ec‘ (Expiring Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Law*)

Resolved, That the Bill be committed (0 a Commit he of the whole House.

P p Resolved,

146

16°—18° Martii.

A. 1805*

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Committee The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a resetting Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Act irish mentioned in the third of the Resolutions which, upon Provisioni. the 8th day of this instant March, were reported from the Committee on Temporary Laws of a public and general Nature.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday

next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Committee on The House resolved itself into a Committee of the *U(ExBirine whole House, upon the Bill for further continuing an V iJw.) Act, passed in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks. and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great , and for allowing

other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the clock.

Lunce, 18° die Martii;

Anno 45° Georgii lU*11 Regis, 1805,

Prayers.

Royal Assent A MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of to Bill*. ii. the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills and one Private Bill therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, their Royal Highnesses the Duke of York, the Duke of Cla, the Duke of Kent, the Duke of Cumberland, the Duke of Sussex, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Walsingham, and the Lord named

also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties in Great Britain on Horses used in riding or for drawing certain Carriages, and forconfoiidating the said additional Duties with the present Duties thereon:

An Act for granting additional Duties on Salt in Great Britain:

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties in Great Britain on the Amount of Assessments to be charged on the Profits arising from Property, Professions,

Trades, and Offices:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters:

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the CanalNavigation from Manchejlcrto or near under

Lyne and Oldham, more effectually to provide for the discharge of their Debts, and to complete the said Canal, and the Cuts and Works thereto belonging:

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Peak Forest Canal more effectually to provide for the discharge of their debts, and to complete the said Canal, and the Cut, Railways or Stone Roads, and other Works thereof:

An Act for naturalizing John Antony.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon Lave (or Saturday last, was made from the Committee, to whom Norwich* the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in exe- Road Bat cution two Acts, made 9 & 12 Geo. III. for repairing and widening the Road from t he City of Norwich to Scale Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, and of several persons who have advanced money on the credit of the said Acts, was referred, might be again read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That in consideration of the circumstances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that Notices may be given three times in some one Newspaper circulated in the County of Norfolk, in the present month of March, and in the month of April next, of the Application to Parliament for the purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

ft

aw

if

'1

ft > 3

* tk; fa 5-'r

fa

d

i T<

’ fa Cm

(fa

M

El'tf

j pre!

( Jfth

|Wi

ik

3?:S:

fe

tie! 3;

If.ll

tb? i . to!-1 M tin on

Sir Jacob Henry Aflley presented to the House, accord- piling ing to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish inciofm-fBitl, of Palling, in the County of Norfolk: And the fame was Preftnt'd» received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. j;..g

Sir Jacob Henry Aflley presented to the House, Bronftwd according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the fe,;

Parish of Brwnstead, in the County of Norfolk: And the pre cnt feel fame was received; and read the first time. wfe

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. fey

Mr. Peter William Baker reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Robert Bowyer, of Pall Mall, in the City of Westminster, Esquire, to dispose of his Collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, together with several Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, by way of Chance, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* grossed.

_ , itlb-

Bowyer s . Lottery Bill* f reported.

• feu ' %;

th(

to]'

H

fix-,

('F.y

set

fe

fa,

ife-

5 Mr. Oi-

fee,;

A i.\ v

Mr. Blackbume of Lancashire reported from the Com- Heath _ mittee, to whom the Bill for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from a place called Nightingales, kojiu bui, in the Township of Heath Charnock to the Bridge at reported, the Welt end of the Town of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the 1 House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at

the

"■ O'

J

fell

I', ' Ife, k

N k

■tr| t

it

fa

0-

tfe

Vi

Lancaster

Justices

Petition,

reported.

Grantham Roads Bill, jrefented.

Cherington

Inclosure JBiJ pissed.

45 Geo. III. 18°

147

the Clerk’s Table j Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, spoil the Quell ion severallyput thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Justices of the Peare for the County Palatine of Lancaster, acting in the Hundred of Salford, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followelh; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Edward Gorft, Deputy Clerk of the Peace for the said County, being examined, said, That the business of the General Quarter Selbons held by Adjournment within the Hundred of Salford;for the determination of such matters as arise within the said Hundred, is of peculiar magnitude and importance, owing to the very great population of the District, and the prevailing influence of the Trade and Mann facia re established and carried on therein—That the population of the said Hundred of Salford, with respect to the whole of the said County, is as 281,404 is to 672,731, and out of which number 116,543 are employed in Trade and Manufacture—That during the interval of the last five years, there has been tried at the said Quarter Sessions held for the said District, 1,632 prisoners for various offences, at an expence of more than Jf.6,800; besides T raverfes and A p pea Is, and other business of a more summary nature, directed by various Acts of Parliament That the said Sessions formerly began on the Thursday, and generally concluded on the Saturday, but of late years, the commencement was altered to Wednesday, and the same are not always terminated in that week, but have frequently gone into the following week :—And the Witness added. That the duties of a Chairman at the said Sessions held within the said District, cannot be effectually discharged, but by a Personpofiefled of a very considerable degree of legal knowledge, and whose regular attendance may be fully depended on; and that he conceives such a Chairman cannot be obtained, unless some provision can be made for his remuneration, and that unless some such Chairman shall be found, it is apprehended, that in the course of a short space of time, the business of the said adjourned Sessions will be greatly impeded or wholly flopped, whereby the trade and business of the District will be liable to great interruption, difficulty, and danger, and the Inhabitants in general will be essentially inconvenienced.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to empower the Jnfliees of the Peace within the Division or Hundred of Salford, in the County Palatine of

caster, to raise a salary to be paid to the Chairman of tire Quarter Sessions for the said Hundred: And that Mr.

Stanley and Mr. Blaekburncof cashire do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 32c! year of his late Majesty, and in the 7th year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Nottingham Trent Bridge, in the County of Nottingham: And the fame was received; and road the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

I An ingrossed Bill for inclosing I^ands in the Manor * and Parish of Cherington, in the County of Warwick, was read the third time.

JRefolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Cherington, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Sir John William Apderson do carry the Bill to the Lord?, and desire their concurrence.

Vol. 60.

Mr. John William Ward reported from the Committee, Lanover to whom the Petition of Thomas of Dennis, iti that p part of the Parish of Old Sioinford which lies in the reported. County of Staffdrd and Samuel Hopkins, of Blaenavon, in the Parish of Lanover, in the County of Monmouth, Ironmasters and Copartners, was referred ;■ That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to> report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his •place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Joseph Robins being examined, said. That the Parish of Lanover, in the County of Monmoand Diocese of Landaff, is very large and extensive, and by reason of the establishment, and great increase of the Iron Works there, the Inhabitants thereof are become so numerous, that the present Vicarage Church, and a small Chapel called NeiceddChapel, are not sufficient to contain the

Inhabitants desirous of attending Divine Service therein, and which Church is fituafe at a great distance from the Iron Works—That the Petitioners have at their own costs and charges, erected and built a new Church or Chapel, at a place called Blaenavon, in the Parish of Lanoveraforesaid, and completed the fame, and have also appropriated and set apart a certain piece or parcel of Land, upon a part of which the said Church or Chapel stands, to be used as a Church or Chapel Yard or Cemetery to the said Church or Chapel, and have fenced in the fame with a Wall :—And the Witness added. That it is expedient that the said Church or Chapel should be made a perpetual Cure and Benefice, and that proper and necessary Rulfs, Orders, and Regulations, should be established for the use, support, and management thereof, and that the right of patronage or presentation, of or to the fame, should be settled and permanently fixed.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing a new Church or Chapel at Blaenavon, in the Parish of Lanover, in the County of Monmouth: And that Mr. John William Ward, and Mr. Morgan do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Land Tax resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ce0g||[l0tl" upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting deferred* into execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal F.states, in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff’ in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1805; and an Act, made in the 38th year of His present Majesty, for granting an aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1798;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day fortnight, the iff day of April next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House being informed, that Mr. Cobhe (from the Lifts cf Office for auditing Public Accounts) attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Lift of Accounts delivered over by the late Auditors of the Imprefts in July 1785, or tim e received, into the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, which have neither been audited, stated, or declared; completed to 5th January 1805; And also,

A Lift of the Accounts delivered over by the late Auditors of the Imprefts in July 1785, or since received into the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, which have been either fluted or d

e.e-

dared, so far as any Balances appear to be now owing to or from the Public upon any such Account; completed to 5th January 1805.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Lifts be printed for the Members of t he House.

The said Lifts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered,

Marine Mutiny Bill, passed.

Saint Pancras Poor Bill, presented.

Stockton and

Darlington Roads Bill, committed!

Return from Commissioners of Coinpen fations in Ireland, prerented.

Minute of

Council respecting Trade with France, &c. prefen ted.

Appendix,

(No. 38.)

Ireland—* Customs Duties Bill, commuted.

148

18° Ma

A.1805.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, be now read:—And the fame being read; the said Bill was read the third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to tire Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. L 24. After " Martial," to insert " and every " such Divisional Court Martial is " hereby authorized and directed to " administer an Oath to every Witness that shall appear before them." And the said Amendment was, upon the Quell ion put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson, junior, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

m 911

•. 34

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bath Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Bath, in the room of the Right honourable John Thynne, commonly called Lord John

who since his Election for the said City hath vacated his feat in Parliament-, by lilting and voting in this House, without having taken the oaths, and in other respects conformed to the laws in such case made and provided.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to re- Lord John lieve the Right honourable John Thynne, commonly Thynne’*

called Lord John Thynne, who was defied to serve in ln--wty

Bill,

Mr. Byng presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the 44th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better " governing, maintaining, and employing the Poor of " the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of

"fex, for providing a new Workhouse for the use of " the said Parish, for appointing Collectors of the Rates, "and for other purposes therein mentioned;" and for making more effectual provision for those and other purposes: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Rxfolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

this present Parliament for the City of Bath, from cer- ordered, tain penalties and disabilities which he has incurred by fitting and voting in the House of Commons without having taken the oaths, and in other respects conformed to the Laws in such case made and provided: And that Mr. Steele and Mr. Robert Steele do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

'd-

Ir f. y«

fill

A Bill for repealing three Acts, palfed in the 20th, 22d, and 26th years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Stockton upon Tees to Darlington, and from thence to Barnard Ca/lle, in the County of Durham, and for reducing the said Acts into one, and for more effectually repairing the said Road, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. son, Mr. Grey, &c.: And they are to meet' this After-

noon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the

Office of the Chief Secretary for Ireland, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Return from the Commissioners under Act 40 Geo. III. cap. 34, of all Claims for Compensations on account of Representative Franchises which they have admitted; to what amount, and under what conditions, they have awarded Compensation; and what claims for Allowances on a similar account they have disallowed and rejected. And then he withdrew; and the Title was read. Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Return be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Return is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine Committee and report the amount of the Joint Charge on the United app^t"ht0 Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, between the ill join:ciJr'c of January 1801 and the ill of January 1805, what pro- on the United portion thereof has beeu defrayed by Great Britain and KmSdom* Ireland respectively, and what Balance remains due from either part of the United Kingdom to the other, according to the provisions of the Act of ti\e 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland; and likewise to eonfider of and report the bell means of ascertaining in future the amount of such Balance as may be due from Great Britain or. Ireland, respectively, at the expiration of each year:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir John Newport, Mr. Fofter, Sir John Wrottesley, Lord Viscount Cajllereagh, Mr. Mr.

Canning, Mr. Dan son, Mr. liofe, Mr. Sturges Bourne, Mr.

Corry, Mr. JJobhouse, Mr. James Fitzgerald, Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Denis Browne, Mr. William Baker, Lord Viscount Dunlo, Mr. James Stewart, Lord Viscount Fitz-harris, Mr. Dick, Lord Viscount Boyle, Mr. Kerr, Sir

John Stewart, Mr. UniackeFitzgerald, Mr. Hawthorne,

Mr. Johnstone, Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in tho Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

'•li-

fe

fair,

Hej.

Hi

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command:—A Paper, intituled, " Minute of the Lords " of the Council respecting Licences to be granted for " the Exportation and Importation of Goods to and from " France, Spain, and Holland—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

The said Paper is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, according to Order, Lord John a Bill to relieve the Right honourable John Thynne, commonly called Lord John Thynne, who was elected to fSrve 'Bn!!"' in this present Parliament Ibr the City of Bath, from cer- predated, tain penalties and disabilities which he has incurred by fitting and voting in the House of Commons without having taken the oaths, and in other respects conformed to the laws in such case made and provided: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

• 1

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the second reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties, upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland, in lieu of funner Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties, be now read:—And the lame being read;—rthe said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve it- Foreign Ship* self into a Committee of the whole 1 louse, to eonfider of granting to Foreign Ships put under I lis Majesty’s pro- considered. testion, the priv ileges of Prize Ships; and of permitting Aliens in Foreign Colonies furrentiered to FI is Majesty, to exercise the occupation of Merchants and Factors.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve it-self into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider of Neutral ship*,

permitring the Importation of Goods and Commodities 10 i>e f; om Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign co‘llldcrr:':1' European Sovereign or Slate, in Neutral Ships, x 2

45 Geo. lit; 18° Mar til

mj on Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve it-

itraw Plat, self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of centdered. charging a Duty upon Straw Plat imported into the United Kingdom.

Ireland— Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the fecortd Exciir, &c. reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain toSuci.’ Inland Duties of E xcise and Taxes in in lieu of former Duties of Excise and l uxes, be now read:—And the fame being read;—the laid Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ireland— Stamp # Duties Bin, committed.

* Ireland-*

: Poftaee y Duties Bill,

•omnutted*

I Ireland— Malt and Spirits Duty Bill, committed

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland, be now read:—And the fame being read;—the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for repealing certain Duties upon Letters and Packets font hv the Poll within Ireland, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof be now read:— And the same being read;—the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to a Committee of the whole Heuse.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon Malt made in Ireland, and upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, for the year 1805, be now read:— And the same being read;—the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ireland— Report on Mh respecting

' Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of certain Acts, made in the last; fcumies, ic. Session of Parliament, as relates to the Drawbacks or UJir‘ Bounties on Sugar exported from Ireland-, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his, place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Ref deed, lf\\nX it is the Opinionof this Committee, That an additional Drawback or Bounty be allowed on the Exportation from Ireland of all Sugar of the British Plantations, calculated after the rate of thirty-two pounds ten shillings for every one hundred pounds, on the produce and amount of whatever Drawback or Bounty may be payable on such Sugar by an Act made in the 43d year of Plis present Majesty.

The said Ilesolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue several Acts for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, is committed, That VOI, 60.

httruction.

they have Power to make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutiou.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred rf/^inz to consider of the Act mentioned in the third of the Rcfo- j^th lutions which, upon the 8th day of this instant March, Provision*. were reported from the Committee on Temporary Laws of a public and general Nature; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as folio weth; viz.

ResolvedfthaX it istheOpinion of his Committee, Thai so much of an Act, made 41 Geo. III. as enables the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to prohibit the exportation from Ireland of Com or Potatoes, and of all Provisions whatsoever; and to permit the importation into Ireland of Com and Fith, and all Provisions whatsoever, without payment of Duty; which was continued by three Acts, palfed 42, 43, and 44 Geo. 111. until the 25th day of March 1805, is near expiring, and tit to he continued. .

The said Resolutiou being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee inltruaion. of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Laws relating to the permitting the warehousing of Spirits in Ireland for Exportation; for charging a Duty on the fame when taken out for home consumption; and for regulating the Exportation to Great Britain of Spirits not warehoused; and to the prohibiting the Exportation from, and permitting the Importation to Great Britain, of Com, and for allowing the Importation of other articles of Provision without payment of Duty, is committed; That they have Power to make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

(Expiring

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Sugar Bill, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rePcLrtec!-further continuing an Act, passed in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout,; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-groiTed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

The House was moved, That an Act, made 15 Geo. III. storniObr* to rest rain the negociation of Promitlbry Notes and In- £*' land Bills of Exchange, under a limited sum, in England, °* W might be read :—And the fame was read.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made 17 Geo. III. for further restraining the negotiation of Pro-miftbry Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited sum, in England, might be read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That leave he given to bring in a Bill to repeal so much of the said Acts as relates to making void certain Promissory Notes payable 011 demand, and to the ^restraining the negociation of such Notes: And that Mr. Hujkffon, Mr. St urges Bourne, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Way* and solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Means, fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply eerre * granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Q <j The

150

18°—19°

A. 1805\

Supply,

deterred.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a hR^ucr Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable

the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty*s Treasury of Great Britain, to issue Exchequer Bills on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or lha.lt be granted by Parliament, for the service of Great , for the year

1805.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the ‘fame.,

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The other Order of the day being read;

Committeeori The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

LamBi^i. whole House, upon the Bill for continuing several Laws ' (Spirits ic relating to the permitting the warehousing of Spirits in Corn.) Ireland for Exportation; for charging a Duty on the fame when taken out for home consumption; and for regulating the Exportation to Great Britain cf Spirits not warehoused; and to the prohibiting the Exportation from, and permitting the Importation to Great Britain, of Com, and for allowing the Importation of other articles of Provision, without payment of Duty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That < they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Men tis, 19° die Martii;

Anno 45* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

J^/J"R. Babington reported from the Committee, to

Markdfld

Whitwick TVA whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting

Road*C in execution two Acts, made in the 30th year of his late

Petition, Majesty, and the 23d year of His present Majesty, lor reported. repairing the Road from Turnpike, in the County of Leicester, over otherwise

Forest, through the Town of Whitwick, and from thence through Talbot Lane, to where the Road leading from the Town of Loughborough to the Town of

Zouch, in the said County, comes in from By ley Lane, near to a place called Gate, was referred; That

the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read :—And Mr. Samuel Miles being examined, said. That the said Acts have been put in execution; and several sums of Money, borrowed for that purpose on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, still remain due and owing, and cannot be repaid, nor can the said Road be amended and kept in repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts, passed in the

30th year of his late Majesty, and in the 23d year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from afield Turnpike to the Road leading from Loughborough to Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester: And that Mr. Babington and Mr. Legh Keck do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. James Butler presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better amending and repairing of the Road leading from the Town of Carlow to the City of Kilkenny: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Pill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the Account of Ships trading between Ireland and the West Indies, which wras presented to the House upon Friday lall by Mr. Johnson be printed for the Members of the House.

Sir John William Andersonpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending an Act, passed in the 37th year of His present Majesty, to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the 3 ill year of his late Majesty, for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the price and assize thereof, and to ptmish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread; so far as the fanje relates to the assize and making of Bread to be sold in the City of London and the liberties thereof, and within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and ten miles of the Royal Exchange: And the fame was received; and' read the tirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of several AI after Printers in the Cities of London and Westminster, was presented to the House,

and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have for many years carried on the Printing Business, to the general dist'ufion of Literature, the promotion of Commerce, the facilitating of every kind of Business, and to the great benefit and accommodation of the Public at large; and that, from the extraordinary increase of the Printing Business for several years pall, a great variety of modes of Printing has been introduced, and various expedients have been adopted to facilitate its execution, in consequence whereof disputes have frequently arisen with the Workmen, but as the Matters Profits have always been in proportion to the Wages paid to the Journeymen, the Petitioners, Handing as they do between the employer and the employed, have constantly been induced to allow the utmost advanced prices they thought themselves juf-tified in paying, but have not always been enabled to satisfy the demands of their Journeymen, who in the Metropolis consist of two branches, denominated Competitors, and Prellincn; and that the Compositors are paid by a liandard generally reckoning upon the number of Letters contained in a page, and tire PrelTmen by the number of Sheets printed; that feales for both descriptions of Workmen have been formed and advanced upon in different periods from the 'year 1786 to December 1800, when the last advance was made in consequence of the then unusually high price of bread and every necessary article of life; and that the Workmen have lately become dissatisfied, and have made exorbitant demands, although the preffiire of the times is b y no means so great as at the period above ftuted, and the Masters do not therefore think themselves justified in making any further advance upon the fixed prices, as they conceive that, if such demands were to be complied with, the price of elementary Books for the Inllruetion of Youth, and many other useful tracts of Literature, would be so enhanced as to place them out of the reach of many, and the encouragement of the Export Trade, so beneficial to the Revenue aswell as to the Petitioners, and to the numerous individuals interested in the sale of Books, would be nearly-precluded; and that within the last month nearly all the Preffmen usually employed by the Petitioners have voluntarily left their work, thereby putting all public and private business nearly to a stand, and utterly preventing the possibility of completing in due time many important Papers actually wanted by Government, as well as the various Periodical Publications for the ensuing month, to

13

Cailow and Kilkenny Roads Bill, presented.

Account of Ships, to be printed,

London fiakers Bill* presented.

Printers Petition for Leave to present a Petition.

45 Geo. <.

19° Ma

\5l

the groat detriment of the Revenue as well as to the Proprietors of such works, and the Petitioners have thereby fu flail ted much loss, and been subjected to great inconvenience in carrying oil their business; and that the Petitioners apprehend that the length of time required for servitude byapprentioftliip is one great catife of their hot being able to provide hands sufficient to execute the Printing Business; and that, when they have been inclined to take Apprentices, the Petitioners have had impediments thrown in their way by the Journeymen; and that in order, as far as poflilile, to provide a temporary remedy for t he late desertion of their workmen, the Petitioners have been under the necessity of employing Various descriptions of Peribas not entitled by Law to follow the Printing Business, and, if they were empowered to continue the ferviees of such Tenons, and to take Apprentices at certain ages, and for less periods of time than seven years, they conceive that so great an evil as hath now arisen might be prevented in future; and that the extent of the evil before flated was not foreseen till after the time limited by the House for receiving private Petitions had, elapsed: And therefore praying. That they may have leave to present a Petition for the pilrposes aforesaid.

Lavejiven. Ordered, That in conficleration of the particular circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition as desired.

Petition Then a Petition of the said Mailer Printers was pre-

prtfuiicd. fented to the House, and read; containing the fame Allegations as the preceding Petition: And praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John William , Sir

Sir Charles Price, See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Wolf's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Nat. bui, for naturalizing Friederick Gottlieb Wolf, was read a

Komittea. ri ,.

second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Bal, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

JMus’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act fcumtd. for naturalizing ChristianWilliam was read

a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Baldwin,: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

fyap- Ordered, That the Bill for amending an Act, passed in Second*1" Parliament of Ireland, in the 35th year of I lis present acting of Majesty, for regulating the Election of Members to lerve few Bill *a Par^anieut> f° far as relates to Freeholds under the yearly value of twenty pounds, and for making further and other regulations relating thereto, be read a second time upon. Monday next

Vick A Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the ts Bill, powers, of an Act, made in the 27th year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from

upon-Tweed, determined by Ayion Bridge, to Bridge,

and also the Roads from causeway and

Bridge, to join the said Road at or near Tower, in the County of Berwick, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Boyd Alexander, Mr. Macdoxcall, he.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

m, U(, Mr. ShareLefevre presented to the House, according Zm* to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fareham, in the County of Southampton: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the BUI be read a second time.

• VOL 60.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Su^rdBl!1, reading of the ingrossed Bill for further continuing an ^Expiring Act, passed in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for Law.) discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof, be now read:—And the fame being read;—the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be.

An Act for further continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, an Act, passed in the forty-third year of His present Majesty, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks , and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Exchequer Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Bllls Bl'l> enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Trea- rep0 fury of Great Britain to issue Exchequer Bills, on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament for the service of Great for the year iSo^, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bilk with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, Were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, lie ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Expiring Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Laws B*n» continuing several Laws relating to the permitting the (Spirits & warehousing of Spirits in Ireland for Exportation; for Corn.) charging a Duty on the fame when taken out for home consumption; and for regulating the Exportation to Great Britain of Spirits not warehoused; and to the prohibiting the Exportation from, and permitting the Importation to Great Britain, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other articles of Provision without payment of Duty, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:, Where the Amendments were once read thoughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve-. rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, wdth the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Ijoix« reported to the House, That their Address Answerta of Wednesday last, (that His Majesty would be graciously Addicl»-pleased to give directions that the Taper therein mentioned might be laid before this House,) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that Pie will give directions accordingly.

Ordered, That the Accounts respecting the number Accounts of and tonnage of British Ships, which were presented to of the House upon the 5th day of this instant March, by to be printed. Mr. Young, be printed for the Members of the House.

Mr. Long presented to the House, pursuant to their Commission

Address to His Majesty:—A Copy of the Commission °[cjOVji, nurs appointing John Duke of A tholl Governor of the Jfie of eo

Man-, dated 14th February 1793 :—And the Title was presented. read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

The said Paper is preforved amongst the other

Papers of this Session.

Ordered\

JLord John Thynne’s Indemnity Bill, committed.

ronfidered.

Committee On Irish Sugar Bill* (Expiring Laws.)

Motion for at Committee respecting Mr. Fordyce’s Balances, withdrawn.

Legacies Duties Bill, reported.

152

19® Marta.

A; 1805.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to relieve the Right honourable John Thynne, commonly called Lord John who was

elected to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Bath, from certain penalties and disabilities which lie has incurred by fitting and voting in the House of Commons without having taken the oaths, and in other respects conformed to the Laws in such case made and provided, be now read:—And the fame being read ■,—the said Bill was read a second time.

Refilled, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That, this House will, immediately, resolve itfeJf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dickins took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

ments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments; in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read thoughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be rCad the third time upon Friday next.

faffed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Acts for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, be now read:—And the fame being read;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-monw.

An ingrossed Bill to relieve the Right honourable John Lord johd Thynne commonly called Lord John Thynne, who was elected to serve in this present Parliament, for the City of Bath, from certain penalties and disabilities which he has incurred by fitting and voting in the House of Commons without having taken the oaths, and in other respects conformed to the Laws in such case made and provided, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to relieve the Right honourable John,

, commonly called Lord John Thynne, who was elected to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Bath, from certain penalties and disabilities which he has incurred by fitting and voting in the House of Commons without having taken the oaths, and in other respects conformed to the Laws in such case made and provided.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That a Committee be appointed to examine whether any and what Securities have been taken on behalf of the Public, for the liquidation of a Debt of £.81,625. 18 s.lid. which by the last Account of the Balances of Public Accountants, laid before this House, appears to be due from John Fordyce, Esquire, to the Public, and at what period, and from whom the said securities have been taken, and particularly to examine whether an Assignment of all the Property of the said John Fordyce, was not made by him to Trustees for the Lords of the Treasury, as a security for his Debt in 1783, and to examine of what that property then consisted, and whether any of the profits and proceeds thereof, have been applied by the said Trustees in the liquidation of the said Debt, and to examine w hether any and what proceedings have been instituted by the Lords of the Treasury against either the said John Fordyce or any part of his property, or upon any of the Securities in the possession of the Lords of the Treasury for the liquidation of his Debt; and to examine whether any and which of the engagements entered into by the said John Fordyce with the Lords of the Treasury for the liquidation of this Debt, and which are referred to by him in the Appendix to the First Report of the Commissioners for examining the Public Accounts in 1780, and in the Appendix to the Eighth Report of the Finance Committee, 1797, have been performed; and to examine what film now remains due from the said John Fordyce to the Public, for principal and interest upon his said Debt; and to report upon all such matters to this House.

And the said Motion was, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, in lieu of former Duties of Excise and |Taxes, be now read:—And the fame being read;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ireland—

Committee (X Excise, Sec. Duties Bill*

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Ireland— resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon s^mp*'* the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Du- Duties Bill-tics in Ireland, be now read:—And the fame being read;

—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties in Great Britain on certain I-egacies, w as committed; the Arnend-

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House Ireland— to resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, c^p"gt^eon upon the Bill for repealing certain Duties upon Let- Duties Bill* ters and Packets sent by the Poll within Ireland, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, be now7 read:—

And the same being read;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Ireland— resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon Malt spirit#

made W*

45 Geo.

19°—20° Marti',.

153

made in jl'reland, and upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland for the year 1805, be now read :—And the fame I being rej id; the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

‘ Mr. A lexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. S peaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

L'i1

-1 wand— The fToufe, according to Order, resolved itself into a \ "Coiimiitteeon coniIT1itt< ;e of the whole House, upon the Bill for grant-Bill, ing to II is Majesty certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties, upon Goods,

M arcs, and Merchandize,- imported into and exported . from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks, and Bounties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the I Ionfe will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

\T.

&i«ned«

c.’jjimitteeon The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itfelve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of granting to Foreign Ships put under His Majesty’s protection, the privileges of Prize Ships, and of permitting Aliens in Foreign Colonies surrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the occupation of Merchants and Factors;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Commktfe on The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-

vc itklf "lto a Commit I v of the whole House, to con-Kc-itniships, filler of permitting the Importation of Goods and Com-dcwrcJ. modi ties, from Countries in America belonging to any

Foreign Earotyean Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow . Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 20° die Martii;

Anno 45* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1805.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do make the Report from the Committee, to w hom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Christian William Mafias, was committed.

Mr. Baldwin accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had directed the Bill to he reported to the House, without any Amendment: And hedelivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table :—And the said Bill w as read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do cany the Bill to tliii Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House being informed, that Mr. Johttfon, from the Office of the Chief Secretary for Ireland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lift of all Reversionaryary Grants of Offices and Employments in Ireland, which have been made iinee the 1 ft of January 1795; specifying the date of eac h Grant, the period when they were severally to commence, and whether they were made for lives, term of years, or during the pleasure of the Crown.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read. Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table.

The said Lift is preferred among!! the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several Trustees of the Surrey New Roads and of the Surrru and Suffix Roads, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for supplying the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Giles Camberwell, and parts of the Parish of Saint Mary s Lambeth, and several other parishes and places in the Counties of Swret) and Kent, with Water; and setting forth. That the several Roads under the care and management of the Petitioners are liable to receive great damage and injury from the manner of laying down and amending Pipes for the conveyance of Mater under the fame: And therefore praying. That they may he heard, by their counsel, agents, and W'itnelfes, against such parts of the said Bill as may aftett them, and that the fame may not pass into a Law, as it now- hands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their counsel, agents, and witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit:

Ordered, That it he an Instruction. to the said Committee, that they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mafius’s Nat. B)l]>

repot ted,

paired»

Lift of

Reversionaryary Grants in Ireland, presented.

Petition

agabitl Camberwell, &<:. Water work* Bill.

Prayers.

fBiii M Baldwin sported from the Committee, to whom ■ei»rtaj, and -^’1' the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, A11 jsiicu. Act for naturalizing Friederick Gottlieb Wolf, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at t lie Clerk’s Table:—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Air. Speaker do issue his M arrant to Snt- the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new MYit for the electing of a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Wigtown, in the room ot Andrew Macdouall, El'quire, who, lincc his election for the said Shire, hath accepted the Ofltce of Steward or Bailift of His Majesty’s three Chiltevn Hundreds of Stoke, Dcjho-rough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

A Bill for raising a further sum of money for carrying Hull rbd-s into execution an Act, passed in the 4 2d year of His pro-sent Majesty, for making additional Basons or Docks at cm"utteJ* Kingslou upon Hull, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to-Mr. Samuel Thornton, Mr. Wilberforce, &e.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William FJford presented to the House, according Plymouth to Order, a Bill for the making, repairing, lighting, Koa<is R'1!> watching, and watering certain Roads from the Borough * ’

of Plymouth to Stonehouse Bridge and Plymouth Dock, in

the County of Devon, and for regulating the Stands and Fares of Hackney Coaches and Carts uling the fame:—

And the fame was received; and read the lirlt time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a l’econd time:

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to eon-fuler of granting to Foreign Ships put under His Majesty’s Protection, the privileges of PrizcShips, and of permitting Aliens in Foreign Colonies surrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the occupation of Merchants and Factors, be

R r now

Committee or* Foreign bhips Privileges,

154

20° Ma

A. 1805.

now read:—And the fame being read; the House re-, solved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Lovaine took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Lovaine reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. The Lord Lovaine accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill for granting to Foreign Ships put under His Majesty’s protection, the privileges of Prize Ships, under certain regulations and restrictions, and for allowing A'iens in Foreign Colonies surrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the occupations of Merchants or Factors, for a time to be limited.

And the Lord Lovaine moved the House accordingly.

Bill ordered. Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for granting to Foreign Ships, put under His Majesty’s protection, the privileges of Prize Ships, under certain regulations and restrictions, and for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies surrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the occupations of Merchants or Factors, for a time to be limited: And that the Lord Lovaine, Mr. and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Committee on Importation of Goods in Neutral Ships.

reported.

Bill ordered.

Thames Laitagtf and R.dlaltage Petition, referred to a Cummin ee.

their issue and defeendants, to use the surname of Zee Warner, and to use the amis of the family of Henri/ Lee Warner, Esquire, deceased, pursuant to the w ill of the said Henry Lee Warner; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Bill read.

The House was moved, That an Act, made 37 Geo. III. American for carrying into execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty, considereA

and the United States of America

might be read:—And

3,

y.m

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to; consider of permitting the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships, be now read:—And the fame being read; the -House resolved itself into the said Committee.

.Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Lovaine took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Lovaine reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

The Lord Lovaine accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill to permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships, for a time to be limited.

And the Lord Lovaine moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries \n America, belonging to any Foreign Eu-

ropean Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships, for a time to be limited: And that the Lord Lovaine, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Master, M'ardcns, and Aftistants, of the Guild, Fraternity, or Brotherhood, of the most glorious and undivided Tri-nit v, and of Saint Clemen', in the Pari ill of Deptford. Strand, in the County of Kenwhich was presented to the lloufe upon the 28th day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read :— And the same being read;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The House was moved. That the Paper, intituled, Minute of " Minute of the Lords of the Council respecting Li- Council

• * reflectin'*

" cences to be granted for the Exportation and Importa- Trade with " tion of Goods to and from Fran e Spain, and Holland," France, &c. which was presented to the House upon Monday lall by co^-<;crei Mr. Rose, by I I is Majesty’s command, might be read :—

And the same being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Paper.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Muller's for naturalizing John Fredrick Muller, was read a committed, second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. James Graham, Mr. Creevey,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act fetter’* for naturalizing John Gerard Geller, was read a second commuted, time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James Graham, Mr. Creevey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for naturalizing John Michael Malowas read a fe- commuted, cond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James Graham, Mr. Creevey, &e.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, int ituled, An Act LeukfHd’* for naturalizing LudeicigAuguft was read a second t ime.

Refulved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James Graham. Mr. Creevey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker s Chamber.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating and encouraging the Trade, for the improvement of the Revenue, and prevention of Smuggling to and from the Isle of Man;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday the 25th day of April next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the iiigroifed Bill to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury of Great Britain, to issue Exchequer Bills, on the credit of such aids or fun-

Isle of Trade Bill/ deferred.

Exchequer Bills B\\\, passed.

The

have pailvd

Lrc Warner's Name B’il.

mine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall plies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament lor appear to them, to the House:

Ami it is referred to Mr. Rose, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, & c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to feud for persons, papers, and records.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepys, and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Daniel Henry Wcodivard, Esquire, and his foils and the fervioe of Great Britain, for the year iBoq, be now read :—And the fame being read; the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he. An Act to enable the Lords Connnifiloners of Tlis Majesty’s Treasury'of Great Britain, to itlue Exchequer Bills, on the credit of such aids or i up plies as have been, or shall he, granted by Parliament for the service of Great Britain, for the year 1805.

O; •dered. That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered,

gxpirii

K.

K,t's Kill, jnrared.

oicinitted.

Wertd.

lath

and

o ton * Bill, uicj.

3r the inhere?

4.

45 Geo. 1IL 20° Martii. 155

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third iiii, readin" of the ingrossed Bill for continuing several I aws ■s& relating to the permitting the warehousing of Spirits in i.) Jre'and for Exportation; for charging a Duty on the fame when taken out for home consumption; and for regulating the Exportation to Great Britain of Spirits not warehoused; and to the prohibiting the Exportation from, and permitting the Importation to Britain,

of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without payment of Duty, be now read:

__And the fame being read; the said Bill was read the

third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for continuing several Laws relating to t1 f permitting the warehousing of Spirits in Ireland for Exportation; for charging a Duty on the fame when t ik< a out for home consumption; and for regulating the Exportation to Great Britain of Spirits not warehoused, until the twenty-ninth day of September one ttioufand eight hundred and five; to the prbliibitin? the Exportation from, and permitting the Importation to Great Britain, of Com, and for allowing the Importation of other articles of Provision without payment of Duty; and to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and to the permitting the Importation into Ireland of Com, Fish, and Provisions, with-

out payment of Duty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Iludijjbn preferred to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal so much of several Acts as relates to making void certain Promissory Notes payable on Demand, and to the restraining the negotiation of such Notes;—And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved., That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second time. The said Bill was accordingly read a second time. Be/ohed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Befoh'ed, That this House will, immediately, resolve resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the B.ll, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

An ingossed Bill for more eff’efchially repairing and improving the Road from a place called Nightingales, in the Township of Heath. Charnock, to the Bridge at the Weft end of the Town of Ballon in the Moorsin the County Palatine of Iadic after, and other Roads therein mentioned, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from a place called 'Nightingales, in the Township of Heath Charnock, to the Bridge at the Weft end of the Town of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancash-r, and other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackhurneof do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better a>*d more elleclually manning His Mai city's Nayv: And that Sir William Scott, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, the Matter of the Rolls, the Advocate General, and Mr. Canning, do prepare, and bring in. the fame.

Vol. Go.

(Expiring

Laws.)

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the rrift Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to r^arted'_ continue several Acts for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments 'were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

To-

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time

morrow'.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Ireland— Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for duties filuj granting to His Majesty certain Inland Duties of Excise reported, and Taxes in Ireland, in lieu of former Duties of Excise and Taxes, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the '

Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Ireland— Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland, reported, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To-morrour.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Ireland— Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for n^tiesSBiH repealing certain Duties upon Letters and Packets sent reported, by the Pod within Ireland, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and w'hich they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Ireland— Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Malt and granting to His Majesty a Duty upon Malt made in Dmy Bit Ireland, and upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, for reported, the year 1805, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the

Question

Ireland—.

Customs

Duties Bill, reported*

Account of Game Licences issued in Ireland, ordered*

Ways and Means, deferred.

Supply,

deterred.

Weft Newton Inclosure Bill, reported.

156 20®—21* Marl'd. A. 1805.

Quell ion federally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties, upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Draw-

backs, and Bounties, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House..

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an Account of the several Game Licences issued by the Distributors of Stamps in Ireland since the ill of January 1801, distinguishing each year, and reciting the names of the different Persons taking out such Licences in each District.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, ro solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to effa-lider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve it self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 21° die Martii,

Anno 45® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1805. Prayers.

SIR Jacob Henry Act ley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Weft Nezcton, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; and to whom the Petition o Lee, of Weft

Newton, Gentleman, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had heard Counfol in support of the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land rI ax at Jft. x. 4s. 5 Id.who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole of the Property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed at £. 64. 1 or. 5 per annum:) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place;, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question leverully put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrossed.

Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to Lancaster Order, a Bill to empow’er the Justices of the Peace within -ft1'"5 the Division or Hundred of Salford, in the County Pala- prUuUcii' tine of Lancaster, to raise a salary to be paid to the Chair-

man of the Quarter Sessions for the said Hundred: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

The House being informed that Mr. BuUey, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the I loufe, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Income of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain for the year ended 5th January 1S05; and also the actual Payments thereout within the said year; and of the future annual Charge upon the said Fund, as it flood on the 5t h day of January 1805: And also.

An Account of the net produce of all the Permanent Taxes of Great Britain, taken for two years, ending respectively the 5th January 1804 and 5th January 1S05: And also,

An Account of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, as the fame flood on the 1 ft day of February 1S05: And also.

An Account of the progress made in the Redemption of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, at ill February 1805.

Together with Duplicates of the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts he printed for the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Annual

Revenue

Account!,

predated.

Consolidat^ Fund.

Permanent

Taxes.

I0t

£itl

(Id

tune.

Public

Fundc

'><• i A!

! )

Redemption. Til!

otL)u- Vft

fii'i 1: Be

? to nit

1 M

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry to the Lords the

■ tiiiflP

p;ti

Efi rot Apprn&t,

(No- 39-1 in 1:

.M

ingrossed Bill for more edeftiutlly repairing and improv-

"eath, J Be

Chnrncck m

ing the Road from a

place called Nigh'ingales, in the Township of Heath Charnock, to the Bridge at the Weft end of the Town of Bolton in the Moon, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned, and desire the concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Bolton niict't

Roads Bill, -:;[!)?( to he carried , to the Loi’di* -

Be!

rite’e

Mr. Baldivin reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Ludeivig August Lculfwas committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, w ithout any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table :—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That t he Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldivin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

fceCoi

Aneadi

IeukfeM*i ( islut. Bill, fp> reported, attf pulled.

m

mi fori

faiedti

ktofc

at

Audi

Sat

Its

Mr. Baldivin reported from the Committee, to w hom Malond.’*

...... A . , ..... . V t 111 L

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

* -- 1 "‘v UiJ j

naturalizing John Michael Malonek, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of tin? Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Commitree had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s 'Fable :—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldivin do carry the Bill to the Lords: and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

passed-

k.

ID

Oft

fetsia)

*4,

4.

it

'a;

4;

> Mr. Baldivin reported from the Committee, to whom Cello'* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for iV;it' naturalizing John Gerard Gelier, was committed; That rcprL: the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, w ithout 7 any

Hd

•Hi

4uj

lltlE

45 Geo. III. 21° M

any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the . That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the

Clerk’s Table:—And the said Bill was read the third Lords, and desire their concurrence.

VilUv'*

Befolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldioin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

u)v, Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom t.Bi'i, the ingrafted Bill from the Ixjrds, intituled, An Act for ^’*n naturalizing John Fredrick Mwas committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

be Lords A Message from the Lords, by Sir Weller Pepys

wagrecdtO aQ(] Qr(f

Mr. Speaker,

Marins The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act lutuy Bill. for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Royal Marine Forces while on Shore; without any Amendment: And also, wi John The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to relieve the Right honourable John Thynne, commonly Called Lord John Thynne, who was elected to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Ba'h, from certain penalties and disabilities which he has incurred by fitting and voting in the House of Commons without having taking the oaths, and in other respects conformed to the laws in such case made and provided; without any Amendment: And also,

Hiddittwi The Lords hare agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in Teesdale,

Utndmentj, in the County of Durham; with so'me Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also.

Grot The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act kIoi lire Bill ^or *ncI°f,nX Lands in the Parish of Great Braxted, in »ah ' the County of Essex; with some Amendments; to which joeadment*. Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this ht Lordi House: And also,

n paired The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for iirreii’» veiling certain Estates situate in the Counties of r iueMl and Surrey, devised by the Will of Sir William Burrell, Baronet, deceased, in trustees, upon trust to sell the same, and for laying out the Money arising from the sale thereof in the purchase of Estates in the County of Sussex, to be settled to the same uses as the Estates so fold *, to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew, ii rot And the said Bill from the Lords was read the first

time

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time

lind— Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for a^c* Bill, the establishment of Provincial Asylums for Lunatics and Idiots in Ireland: And that Sir ‘John Nexoport and Mr. Bagwell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the third "Bin, reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty kd. certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks, and Bounties, be now read:—And the fame being read; the said Bill was read the third time.

Rejoined, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thou rand eight hundred and six, certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties. Drawbacks, and Bounties. VoL. 6o.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the third fretand— reading of the ingrafted Bill for granting to. His Majesty Duties’Biii, certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, in paifrd. lieu of former Duties of Excise and Taxes., be now read:

—And the fame being read; the said Bill was read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, in lieu of former Duties of Excise and Taxes.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, artd desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the third Ireland—r: reading of the irtgrofled Bill for repealing certain Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Post within Ireland, paired. ’ and ^ranting other Duties in lieu thereof, be now read:—-And the fame being read; the said Bill was read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bi’I do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing certain Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Poll within Ireland, and granting other Dirties in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Ale zander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the third Ireland--' reading of the ingrafted Bill for granting to His Majesty Bin certain Stamp Duties in Ireland, be now read:—And the passed, fame being read j the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill.to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the third ireiand— reading of the ingrafted Bill for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon Malt made in Ireland, and upon Spirits Duty Bill, made or distilled in Ireland, for the year i8e^, be now P3*4* read:—And the fame being read) the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty upoit Malt made in Ireland, and upon Spirits made or distilled in Ireland, for the year 1805.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Promissory Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Nof-? BUI» repeal so much of several Acts as relates to making void rt£,0rltd‘ certain Promissory Notes payable on Demand; and to the restraining the negotiation of such Notes, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time* one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* he ingrossed.

Lord ArchibaM Hamilton reported from the Committee, Lanark to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road Roads ®iH» leading from the limits of the Counties of Edinburgh and repotU: * Ixmark to the Btirgh of Lanark, in the County of Lanark, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Cofnmittee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; hnd he read the Report in his plaoe, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once

S s read

158

21’ Mart'll.

A. 1805.

read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question lb vocally put thereupon, one of them was dil'agreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Motion feipefling Inlh Lo:ii», fu perfected.

Other Orders to be read.

Committee on American Treaty Ait, deferred.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, that a considerable part of the sum raift d by Loan in Great Britain for the service of Ireland for the year iSo.-j, has been transmitted to the Irish Treasury in Poll Bills of the Bank of England; and that the said Bills have been fold in Dublin by the Com-nii(boners of the Treasury, at Rates which were for several days prior to such sale publicly advertised, and which were far inferior to those at which the said Commissioners had previously drawn Bills for the other parts of the said Loan; '

Ordered, That the other Orders of the Day be now read.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made 37 Geo. III. for carrying into execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee cm The Order of the day being read, for the House to

Minute of Council respetf in£ Trade with France, &c. deferred.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Paper, intituled, " Minute of the Lords " of the Council respecting Licences to be granted for " the Exportation and Importation of Goods to and from " France, Spain, and Holland," which was presented to the House upon Monday last by Mr. Rose, by His Majesty’s Command;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Trish

tlicnr Bill, paired. (Expiring Laws.)

The other Order of the day being read;

The ingrossed Bill to continue several Acts for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, and to amend several Acts for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Rehirn of !> ,11 frrviny ib s-Ji-itia, pj Juittd.

.Appendix,

(No. 15 )

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order:—A Return of the number of elser>ive Men serving in the regiments of Militia in Great Britain, from the latest Returns:—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War have leave to make a Motion, it being after seven of the clock:—And be moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table.

The said Return is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Militia ent’lt iig Bill,

urde/ ecL

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer have leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for allowing a certain proportion of the Militia in Great Britain voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty’s Regular Forces: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. S ’cr tary at War, Mr. Canning, Lord Viscount Cast'ere ugh, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Hujkijfon have leave to make a P-omiflory Motion.

N<juaco, li* And he moved the House accordingly:—And an in-

grofled Bill to repeal so much of several Acts as related to making void certain Proniifl’ory Notes payable on Demand, and to the refiraiiih) 1 '* " ’

Notes, was read tire third time.

rest raining the negotiation of such

The Amendments following were severally proposed to

be made to the Bill Pr. 1. 1. 29. To

!• 34-L 35-

Pr. 2. ). 12.

VIZ.

leave out from " whereas" to " been," in line 31, and insert "the " said Act of the 37th year of the " reign of 11 is present Majesty, hath " by several subsequent Acts" instead thereof.

To leave out " whereas."

To leave out from " that" to " he" in Pr. 2. 1. 5. and insert " the fame * should be further continued" in-ftcad thereof.

To leave out " said recited," and to leave out from the second " the" to " And" in line 26. and insert " 37th " year aforesaid, so far as the fame " suspends the said Act of the 17th " year aforesaid, shall be, and the ' " fame is hereby further continued " until six months after the Ratifica-" tion of a Definitive Treaty of " Peace" instead thereof.

To leave out from " And" inclusive to the end of the Bill.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue an Act for suspending the operation of an Act of the seventeenth year of His present Majesty, for restraining the negotiation of Promissory

n

fA

Ti

G®

4*5

1

• Af i lie I. Ad

51 lie

L 26.

a-.,:

ib;

cc;.

Fib'

i1'! a:

Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited sum, in

England, until six months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the 'Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. llujkijfonhave leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly;—And an Act, made 43 Geo. III. for granting to llis Majesty, until twelve months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, was read.

The House was also mo.vcd, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty, until twelve months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported into Great Britain, might be read:—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

ti

An.

Aits rrlatinj JxCr to the Dutier u of Exciic on Wine,

bit

conquered*

j wan

b:.

& If,

An.'

k:

k.

An.

k.

k.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Militia House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing a certain eniiihnyBiV proportion of the Militia in Great Britain voluntarily to prdciU enlist into His Majesty’s Regular Forces:—And the fame was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer have leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the l louse accordingly:—And the said Bill was read the first. time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Afi

S Cl,

il

tuts

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to oM Sara* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Wflt» desting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Old Sarum, in the County of in the room of the Right honourable Vansittart,

who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath ac-10 copied

h

be

.O

Vt

45 Geo. III. 2P—22° Martii 159

cep ted the Office of Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.

And then the House ad journed till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock*

Veneris, <22° die,

Anno 45* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1805. Prayers.

loyal Assent \ MESSAGE by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of to Bills. fi the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several 'Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Com mi (Turn read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peel’s.

And-being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to one Public Bill and several Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, their Royal Hi.shnesses the Duke of the

Duke of Clarence, the Duke of Kent, the Duke of Cumberland, the Duke of Suffer, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord llawke/bury, and the Lord Walsingham, named also in the said Corn-million, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Royal , ... Marine Forces while on Shore:

4i- An Act to relieve the Right honourable John Thynne,

' commonly called Lord John w ho was elected to

f serve in this present Parliament for the City of Bath, from

-~:i, certain penalties and difubilities which he has incurred

by fitting and voting in the House of Commons without having taken the oaths, and in other respects conformed to the laws in such case made and provided:

An Act for naturalizing John Gerard Geller:

An Act for naturalizing John Fredrick Muller:

An Act for naturalizing Joint Michael Malonek:

An Act for naturalizing Ludeivig Augn/t Lettkfeld: '

, An Act for naturalizing:

An Act for naturalizing Friederick Gottlieb Wolf.

,■ Pilling A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Palling, in bciofure Bill, the County o f Norfolk, was read a second time.

* *8mimtted’ R jhlved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jacob

li nn/ Ajtley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bnmstead A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Brunjlead, CountV Norfolk, was read a second time.

* * Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jacob Henry Afiley, Sir Martin Browne &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

y»ft Newton An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of "plufaS!*111* Weft Newton, in the County of Norfolk, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of West Newton, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered,'-That Sir Jacob Henry Afiley do cany tha Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence,

Vol.6o. ’ -

Mr. Plainer reported from the Committee, to whom ( the Petition of several Trustees for the Navigation of the River Lee from the Town of Hertford to the River tcpotuL Thames, and of several Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, and Owners of Estates in the County of Hertford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and. that tha Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 12th year of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for ascertaining, preferring, and improving the Navigation of the River Lee, from the " Town of Hei'tford to the Town of Ware, in the County " of Hertford; and for praferving.and improving the said River, from the said Town of Ware to the new " Cut or River made by the Mayor, Commonalty, and " Citizens of London, and for enabling the Governor and " Company of the New River the better to supply the " Cities of London and Westminster, and the Liberties and " Suburbs thereof, with good and wholesome Water -—And also, an Act passed in the 7th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for improving the " Navigation of the River Lee, from the Town of Ilcrt-" ford to the River Thames; and for extending the said " Navigation to the Flood Gates belonging to the Towrn " Mill in the said Town of Hertford'—And also, an Act passed in the 19th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preserving the Navigation of the " River Lee, in the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and " Middlesex," wrere read-:—And, Mr. Benjamin Rooke being examined, said. That the Trustees appointed for carrying the said Acts into execution, have borrowed and expended several considerable sums of money in making and improving the said Navigation, and that the fame has been supported and maintained at a great annual expence; but it has been found that the powers and provisions of the said Acts are in several respects defective, and it is necertarythatfome Amendments and Alterations should be made therein, and further Pourers granted; and it is also expedient that some of the Powers granted by the said first recited Acts should be revived ;—

Then,

John Rennie, Esquire, an Engineer, being examined, confirmed the foregoing evidence; and further said, if a new Cut w as to be made from below Lee Bridge Lock to Stonebridge Lock above Tottenham Mills, and a To allot her Cut from below Enfield Mills to Enfield Lock, it would be a great improvement of the said Navigation, and likewise be of advantage to the neighbourhood through which the same are proposed to p^fs.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring ift a Bill fotr the better preservation, and further improvement, of the Navigation of the River Lee, in the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Midd'efex: And that Mr. Plainer, Mr,

William Baker, and Mr. Nicolson Calvert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ba!dioin reported from the Committee, to whom Pengate and the Bill for continuing the term and altering and enlarg- taw Lett’s ing the powers of two Acts, passed in the 31ft year of his Road Bill, late Majesty, and the 9th year of His present Majesty, reported, for amending the Road leading from to Latched's

Bridge, and other Roads therein described, in the County of Wilts, so far as the same relate to the First District of.

Road therein mentioned, and for amending other Roads near or adjoining to the said Roads, was committed 5 That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several ( Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments

160

22° Ma

A. 1805.

Amendments were once read throughout; and then a the House, but it hAs only lately been agreed among the second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fe- persons interested, that the whole of the Waste and ' verally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Common Field Lands in the said Parish should be in-Ordtred, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be eluded in one Bill: And therefore praying. That provision may be lnade in the said Bill for including such Lands.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Pari Hi of Stilton, in O> That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen inftmiti

who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pur-

ingrossed.

Stilton

committed. ’ the County of Huntingd, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin, suant to the prayer of the Petition of several Proprietors

Lord Viscount IJinchiugbrcok, See.: And they meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Carmarthen Salmon ^iiherles Bill, presented.

Mr. Hamlyn Williams presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for better regulating the taking of Salmon and other Filli in certain Rivers in the County of Carmarthen :—And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Clackmannan and Perth Roads Bill, repotted.

Petition a gain (I Sains Pancru Poor Bill*

are to of Estates in the Townflrip of Langthorpe, in the Parish of Kirkby-on-the-Moor, commonly called in

the County of York, that they do make provisioil in the said Bill, pursuant to the prayer of this Petition.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Lor* Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Amendr An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great - Braxtclf ted, in the County of Ejfe.r. inciofureB

And the followeth;

said Amendments were read; and are as t9*

viz.

1. ih

I.

Mr. Abcrcrombyreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the 34th and 37th years of His present Majesty, for making and repairing

certain Roads in the Counties of Clackmannan and Per,

and for making and keeping in repair several other Roads communicating therewith, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his place j and after- Amendme"tt towards delivered the Bill,' with the Amendments, mat J 1

the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

to " ft 1 all’

to

as

Pr. 21. I. 6. Leave out from " concern in line 1

Leave out from " Allotments,"

" are" in line 14. x 7.7 Leave out " or given in Exchange 18.J " aforesaid."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Creevey do carry the Bill to the

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

Sir John William Anderson presented the House, ac- Oopckev cording to Order, a Bill for naturalizing George James Naf-Dopcke: And the fame was received; and read the first on 01 time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That Sir Robert John Buxton be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the Petition of

Member

added to j b ing in j

Swdton I

IndoUirejKH I

Bill

prtiiuted*

A Petition of several of the Directors of the Poor of the Pari 111 of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex,

appointed in and by virtue of an Act, made in the last Henry Warner, Esquire.

Session* of Parliament, was presented to the House, and

read; taking notice of the Bill for repealing the said Sir Robert John Buxton presented to the House, ac-Act, and for making other provisions in lieu thereof; and cording to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive the said Act of Szvaton, in the County of Lincoln:—And the fame was is adequate to every purpose of parochial regulation and received; and read the first time, building aWorkhouse, and the powers thereof sufficiently Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time,

extensive; and that the present Bill has originated with only a few of the Directors, unknown to the major part The House proceeded to take into confutation the of such Directors and the Parish at large; and the fame Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, wn

contains powers and provisions which, if parted into a An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Middleton Law, will in many respects be highly prejudicial to_the in Teefdain the County of Durham. 3srecd to<

~ ... - the said Amendments were read; and are as

followeth; viz.

Pr. 19. 31

N'-,

Lord$

Day ap* pointed for Second

Reading*

interests of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or counsel, against the said Bill parting into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a second time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said

Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Wednesday next.

" insert " or any Person Persons interested in the said

being*

After "

T' ’ in

" Division or Inclosure," also in the fame line, leave out "or" and also in the fame line, after " insert "or their."

L 33. Leave out " or," also in the fame line

Luit.

Langthorpe

Indoiure

additional

petition.

A Petition of Lady Catherine Tylney Long, Widow, on behalf of her infant son, Sir James Tylney Long, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the application for leave to bring in a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township of Langthorpe, in the Parish of Kirkby Hill, in the County of York’, and setting forth. That there are also within the said Parish divere other Commonable Lands; and if the fame were inclosed, it would be of great advantage to the Parties interelled; and that Notices for such lait-mentioned Inch-lure were given, as required by the Standing Orders of

after " her," insert " or their," and also in the fame line, after Hand," insert " or Hands."

After " being," insert or such other " Person or Persons as aforesaid."

Pr. 32. I. 5.) Leave out " be divided, allotted, and St 6.j " inclosed" and insert "have been

"fet out as a Hinted common "tu re."

Pr. 41. 1.33.) Leave out " may be given in," and & 34. f insert "a Copy thereof so printed "iha 11 be athnitted as."

I 34Leave out " in all Courts of Justice,

&35J " and before" and insert

" by" and in line 35, leave out " and."

Pr. 41.

GooI

45 Geo. Ill;

22° /;

161

pr. 41.1. 36. Leave out from " Justices," to the end of the Bill, and insert " and others." The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question federally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

° Ordered,'That Mr. Rit fel do carry the Bill to the

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Bill for continuing the term and altering and en-a,is K ii, larking the powers of two Acts, passed in the 3 2d year of moiiitii- Map fty, and in the 7th year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from * 'Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Nottingham

Trent Bridge, in the County of ,was read Si

second time.

> Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Eyre, kc.: And they arb to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

tuiori A Petition of several Merchants in , was prestos fented to the House, and read; taking notice of the high

Uw$' prices of Provisions, particularly of Flour and Bread Com; And praying for the repeal of an Act, made in the lad Sef-iion, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain, and also of so much of Act 31 Geo. III. as relates to imposing additional Duties on Foreign Corn warehotifed in Great Britain, and taken out for home consumption.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ireland— ^counts1 printed:

f.6 per-cont.

Duty.

Dollar Token >.

Xo. 41.)

Innoal

The House being informed, that Mr. , from the Office of the Chief Secretary for Ireland, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the produce of the Duty

on retail Importers into Ireland for the last ten years; distinguishing the amount paid on Imports from Great Britain: And also,

An Account dating the total mimber of Dollar Tokens i(Tiled by the Bank of Ireland, to the id of March 1805, and at what rate; and also specifying the amount issued in each month, together with the Amount outdanding on the last day of each month.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table. The first of the said Accounts is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the other . Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

The House being informed, that Mr. , Inspector

whited; General of Imports and Exports, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament, toimin An Account of the total amount of the Arrears and amid. Current Balances due on the 5th of January 1^05, from the Officers of the Cudoms of , from the 5th of

January 1774, so far as the fame can be made up: And also, * 1

emand An Account of the value of all Imports , into, and all x?°n». Exports from Great Britain, for eighteen years, ending the 5th of January 1805;—together with duplicates •hereof.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said A ecounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The first of the said Accounts is preferred among\ the other Papers of this Session; and the other pcnij», Account is inserted in the Appendix to this

3,39-) . volume.

Mr. Clcphanereported from the Committee, to whom ad Jhe Petition of several persons. Freeholders, Heritors, and tion, Inhabitants, redding in or near the several parishes or places thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with: and that the Committee had examined

Vol. 60.

the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the fame was read; and is as folloiveth; viz

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition ;—William Adam, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Road loading from Dunfermline Northwards, by Gajk, Nivingston, Cleish, and Tillibote, in the Parishes of Dunfermline and Beath, in the County of Fife, and in the Parishes of Cleish, Kinross and Fo/faway, and Tillibole, in the County of Kinross, is at present in a very bad state of repair; and if the fame was made Turnpike, and proper powers given to levy Tolls thereon, and to amend and improve the fame, it would be of great advantage to the Petitioners, and of public utility; and that the making and maintaining of a Road in a line running Eastward from the High Road near the Village of Saline, by the Lands of Ban drum, Tunnygash, and to the new

Road known by the name of the Stone Road, which leads by the Lands of Cocklan, and joins the great Turnpike Road leading from Queensf to Perth, at or near the Village of Hetty, in the several Parishes of Saline, f)nnfcrmline, and Beath, in the County of Fife, and to form aJunftion between the said last mentioned Road and the Turnpike Road which leads from Aloa to Kinross, by the Brook of Devon, would be the means of opening better communication with the several towns and places in the neighbourhood thereof.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for erecting Toll Bars and levying Toll Duties on the Road from Dunfermline to Nivingston, in the Counties of Fife and Kinross, and for making a new Turnpike Road from Saline towards the North Queens ferry Road, in the said County of Fife: And that Mr. Ctephone and Mr. Boyd Alexander do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Iluftciffbn presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account shewina: how the Public Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th day of January 1804; together with the Monies paid into the fame, during the year ending the 5th day of January 1805, and the Monies paid out of the net produce of the Revenues of the said year, in anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt; together with the amount of the Exchequer, Navy, and Transport Bills, issued and not redeemed during the said year, have been actually applied;—-with several Appendixes: And also.

An Account of the Unfunded Debt and Demands outstanding, on the 5th day of January 1805;—*with several Appendixes.

Together with duplicates thereof:—And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed, for the Members of the House.

The Appendixes to the first of the said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Accounts, with the other Appendixes, are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

Annual Accounts, . presented 1

Public

Expenditure)

Unfunded Debt, &c»

Appendix,

(No. 39.)

The House being informed, that Mr. Young, from the Annual Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the door; he Ajico"ms was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Trade and . pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament, Navigation,

An Account of the number of Vessels, with the amount pre^nteil‘ of their tonnage, which have been annually built and registered in the several Ports of the British Empire, between the 5th January 1803 and the 5th January 1805:

And also.

An Account of the number of Vessels, with the amount of their tonnage, and the number of men and boys usually employed in navigating the fame, which belonged to the several Ports of the British Empire on the 30th September, in the years 1803 and 1804: And also,

An Account of the number of Vessels, with the amount of their tonnage, and the number of men and boys employed in navigating the fame (including their repeated

T t Voyages)

Appendix,

(No. 39.)

Annual Accounts from Port Office, fcrefented.

Annual Actount of Balances, See. of Customs, ^resented*

Account* respc6Hng Mr. Fordyce, ordered.

Consideration of Middlesex Election Pttition, deferred.

162

22° Ma

A. 1805:

voyager) which entered inwards and cleared outwards in the several Ports of England, from or to all parts of the

World, between the 5th January 1804 and the 5th January 1805: And a Jib,

An Account of the number of Vessels, with the amount of their tonnage, and the number of men and boys employed in navigating the fame (including their repeated voyages) which entered inwards and cleared outwards in the several Ports of Scotland, from or to all parts of the World, between 5th January 1804 and 5U1 January 1805.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the Post: Office, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, prefen ted to the I louse, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Net Balances in the hands of the Deputy Postmasters in Great Britain on the 5th of July

1804, 10th of October 1804, and 5th of January 1805, respectively; And also,

An Account of the total amount of Arrears due on the 5th January 1805, from the Officers of the Post Office in Great Britain, from 51I1 January 1774 to 5th January

1805.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And the Question being proposed. That the words proposed to be left out, Hand part of the Question;

The House was mov ed. That the Entries in the Journal of the House,- of the 14th day of March, the 26th day of April, and the 2d day of June 1803, of the Proceedings of the House ini relation to the exchanging of Lists of Voters objected to, in the case of the Election, might be read:—And the fame being read;

And the Question being put, That the words proposed to be left out, stand part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Thursday the 25th day of April next, at three of the clock in the afternoon.

Ordered, That George Boulton Mahnvaring,. Esquire, Lift of Vote; and the several other Persons who have petitioned this objt^d to’ House, complaining of the undue Election of Sir Francis exchanged. Burdett, Baronet, for the County of Middlesex, do, by themselves, or their agents, on or before the 15th day of April next, deliver to the Sitting Member, or his agent,' lifts of the persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Member, giving in the said lifts the several heads of objection, and distin-guishing the fame against the names of the Voters' excepted to; and that the said Sitting Member do, by himself, or his agents, within the same time, deliver the like lifts on his part to the said Petitioners, or their

1.-

era

iTCB

cat

agents.

The House being informed, that Mr. Franklin, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the door; he w'as called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Balances and Arrears due from the Collectors of the Customs in England, on the 5th day of January 1805, as far as the fame can be made up.

- And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Account be printed, for the

Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all sums which have been paid in discharge of the debt of £.90,473. 17 s6d. Hated in the Eighth Report of the Select Committee of Finance to be due from John Fordyce, Esquire, late Receiver General of the Land and other Taxes in Scotland.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Proposals which have been made, and a Statement of Securities given, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, by the said John Fordyce, Esquire, in relation to the said debt.

Ordered, Thjit the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty, he now read:—And the fame being read; the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chail*.

Mr. Secretary at War took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

NIr.Secretary at War also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Committee of Ways and Mean*.

’■IS,

l.'S,

<Vr,

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 13th day of March la ft, for taking into consideration, upon Tuesday the 9th day of April next, the Petition of George Boulton Mai/nearing, Esquire, Sir William Gib-Aon.?,'Baronet, Sir William Curtis, Baronet, Henry Thornton, Esquire, William Mellish, Esquire, and Samuel Pcpys

Cockerell, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election for the said County, might be read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Pet ition be taken into consideration upon Thursday the 25th day of April next, at three of the clock in the afternoon;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the words " 25th day of April," and inserting the words " 9th day of May,* iullead thereof.

The ingrafted Bill for granting toHis Majestyadditional Legacy Stamp Duties in Great Britain on certain Legacies, was, according to Order, read the third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1.6. To leave out from "said" to "upon,"

in Pr. 3.1. 1.

And the Question being put, That the words proposed to be left out stand part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas {uri } 164.

72.

f Lord George A ugujlus \

T , — .1 %T; Henru Cavendish, f

Teller, for the Noes. jSir p^g,

(_ John: )

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties in Great Britain on certain legacies.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

» .*•

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee o» resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Att, made 43 Geo. III. for granting to of E xcile on

His w'ne-

45*Geo.-II i.

25° Martii.

163

His Majesty, until twelve mbhtlis after the Ratification of -the Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great ;and also, of an Act,

made in the last Sefiioh of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty, until twelve months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported into Great Britain, be how read:—And the fame being read; the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee/That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Supply, Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, tered. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. Committee on Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, w'CAft resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to iMrni. ’ consider of an Act, made 37 III. for carrying into execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between I lls Majesty and the United Slates of America.

Cramittreon Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next,

"counciT resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to frSj Consider of the Paper, intituled, " Minute of the Lords T-jje mth " of the Council, respecting Licences to be granted for !l°re’dfC "die Exportation and Importation of Goods to and from " France, Spain, and Holla," which was presented to the House upon Monday last by Mr. Rose, by His Majesty’s Command.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the clock.

LuncBt 25° Martii;

Anno 450 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1805. Rrayers.

-ker^'ii /V RILL for amending an Act, passed in the 37th emitted.’ year of His present Majesty, to amend and render

more effectual an Act, made in the 31ft year of his late Majesty, for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the price and aftlze thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread; so far as the fame relates to the afii^e and making of Bread to be sold in the City of London, and the liberties thereof, and within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and ten miles of the Rm/a I Exchange, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Sir Charles Price, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill for continuing the term and altering ijge and-enlarging the powers of two Acts, palfed in the 31 ft year of his late Majesty, and the 9th year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from Peng ate to LatchetfsBridge, and other Roads therein described,

in the County of Wilts, so far as the same relate to the first District of Road therein mentioned, and for amending other Roads near or adjoining to the said Roads, was

read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-first year of his late Majesty, and the ninth year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from Pcngate to Latchetfs Bridge, and other Roads therein described, in the County of Wilts, so far as the same relate to the first District of Road therein mentioned, and for amending other Roads near or adjoining to the said Roads.

V'OL.60.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldtcin.do cany, the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and Mr.

Cox .*

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain Drawbacks and Bounties upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks and Bounties; without any Amendment.: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland, in lieu of former Duties of Excise and Taxes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing certain Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Poll within Ireland, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon Malt made in Ireland, and upon Spirits made or diddled in Ireland, for the year 1805; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, and to amend, several Acts for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the

• w O - ,

Exportation of Sugar from Ireland without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bid, intituled, An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury of Great Britain to blue Exchequer Bids, on the credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament for the service of Great,

for the year one thousand eight hundred and five; without any Amendment: And also,

’The Lords have agreed to the Bid, intituled, An Act for further continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, an Act, passed in the forty-third year of His present Majesty, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bid, intituled, An Act to continue an Act for suspending the operation of an Act of the seventeenth year of His present Majesty, for restraining the negociation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited fmn, in England, until six months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace; without any Amendment: And also,

The Fords have agreed to the Bid, intituled, An Act for continuing several Laws relating to the permitting the warehousing of Spirits in for Exportation;

for charging a Duty on the fame when taken out for home consumption; and for regulating the Exportation to Great Britain of Spirits not warehoused, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and five; to’1 he prohibiting the Exportation from, and permitting the Importation to Great Britain, of Corn, and for allowing the Importation ef other articles of Provision without payment of Duty; and to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisioiis, and to the permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without payment of Duty, until the twenty-fifth clay of March oiie thousand eight hundred and six; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bid, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Francis Albert Leonard Stride to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House. And then the Meficngers withdrew.

And

The Lords v have agreed

Ireland—

Customs Duties Bill*

Ireland— Excise, &c* Duties Bill*

Ireland— Stamp Duties Bill,

Ireland— Portage Duties Bill.

Ireland—* Malt and Spirits Duty Bill.

Irirti Sugar Bill. (Expiring Laws.)

Exchequer Bills Bill*

Sugar Bill. (Expiring Law.)

Prom i (Tory Notes Bill.

Expiring Laws Bill. (Spirits k Corn.)

The Lords have parted

Linfchoten’a Nat. Bill.

Bill tead.

164

25° Martin

t

A, 1805.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Annual The House being informed, that Mr. Stedman, from

Stamp Duties, the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by presented. ’ Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Net Balances in the hands of Distributors of Stamps in Great Britain on the 10th day of October 1804, and the 5th day of January 1805, respectively; distinguishing the names of the Distributors and for what Counties, and the amount of their respective ditburfements for incidents, poundage, parliamentary allowances, or discounts r And also,

An Account of the total amount of the Arrears due on the 5th of January 1805, from the Distributors of Stamps in Great Britain, who have died or gone out of Office ftnee the 5th of January 1800, so far as the fame can be made up; distinguishing for what Counties or Districts they were employed, the sums originally due, and when, and the amount and dates of the payments made in discharge thereof.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

cajile under Lyme, in tiio (bounty o^ Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned: And the fame was received, and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fareham, Fareham, k-in the County of Southampton, was read a second time. Inciofun-Bit;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shaw conanme<lt Lefevre, Mr. Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevr be added to the Member Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, *ddedto a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Manor of in the injure Bill,

Parishes of Pyrford and Chertsey, or one of them, in the County of Surrey.

id

(t,i;

jV'l:

k

Mr. Shaw Lefevre presented to the House, according Bill, to Order, a Bill for ineloling Lands in the Manor of presented. Pyrford, in the Parishes of Pyrford and Chertsey, or one of them, in the County of Surrey: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An Jar 0

l

1 fci:.r

Mr. Hawkins Browne presented to the House, accord- Rulhock 0 ing to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of lDC'°rur'^ '■ Rujhock, in the County of Worcester And the fame was pre "*te so; received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. *'■

An

lanever Mr. Morgan presented to the House, according to

seated*1* Order, a Bill for establishing a new Church or Chapel at p« en e . Blaenavon, in the Parish of Lanover, in the County of

Monmouth: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Lee Warner* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Daniel Henry Woodward, Esquire, and his fons and their issue and defeendants, to use the fumame of Lee Warner, and to use the arms of the family of Henry Lee Warner, Esquire, deceased, pursuant to the Will of the said Henry Lee Warner, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Sir Henry Act Icy, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Len and Mr. Thomas Ef court reported from the Committee, to

indofilre Bill, w^om the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Lea reported. ' and Cleavcrton, in the County of Wilts, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered flie Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Whichford Mr. Thomas Ef court presented to the House, accord-presented. * ’ in? to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the fevoral Hamlets of Whichford, Afcott, and in the Parish of Whichford, in the County of And

the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Lawton and Mr. Egerton presented to the House, according to Rolids'iiHl, Order, a Bill to continue the term and alter and enlarge presented. ’ the powers of two Acts, paflhd in the 3d and 23d years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Lawton, in the County of Chester, to and New-

A Bill for the making.

repairing, lighting, watching, Plymouth

and watering certain Roads from the Borough of Plymouth, to Stonehouse Bridge and Plymouth , in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Stands and Fares of Hackney Coaches and Carts using the fame, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Elford, Mr. Langmead, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Roads Bill* committed.

td-ji

P

title I

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the Koyai Affo| Black Rodr "*

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’* Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read. \

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to '

the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the desire of:

the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read.

giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empoweringHis Royal Highness the Prince of , their Royal Highnesses the Duke of the Duke of Clarence, the Duke of Kent, the Duke of,

the Duke of Safe.r, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Archbishop

of Canterbury, and the Lord named also

in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the 25th day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, certain Rates and Duties, and to allow certain Drawback* and Bounties, upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, and exported from Ireland, in lieu of former Rates and Duties, Drawbacks, and Bounties:

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and fik, certain Inland Duties of Excise and 'faxes in Ireland, in lieu of former Duties of Excise and Taxes:

13 '

tz i

ii fa ifProv l&: Issor

pm

tifoi’i

lire

An.

ih

An

45 Geo. IIL

25° Afartii:

165

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland:

An Act for repealing certain Duties upon Letters and Packets font by the Foil within Ireland, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof:

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon Malt made in Ireland, and upon Spirits made or distilled Ireland, for the year one thousand eight hundred and

in

live:

An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, and to amend, several Acts for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland:

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury of Great Britain to issue Exchequer Bills, on the credit of fnoh Aids or Supplies as have been, or shall be, granted by Parliament for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five:

An Act for further continuing, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, an Act, passed in the forty-third year of His present Majesty, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof: An Act to continue an Act for suspending the operation of an Act, of the seventeenth year of His present Majesty, for restraining the negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited sum in England, until six months af ter the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace:

An Act for continuing several Laws relating to the permitting the warehousing of Spirits in Ireland for Exportation; for charging a Duty on the fame when taken out for home consumption; and for regulating the Exportation to Great Britain of Spirits not warehoused, until the twenty-ninth day of September pne thousand eight hundred and five; to the prohibiting the Exportation from, and permitting the Importation to Great Britain, of Com, and for allowing the Importation of other articles of Provision without payment of Duty; and to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Com or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and to the permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without payment of Duty, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Middleton in Teesdale, in the County of Durham:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Braxted, in the County of Essex.

A Bill for the better amending and repairing of the Road leading from the bounds of the Counties of Limerick and Cork, between the Towns of KihnaUock and ' Charleville, to the City of Cork, was read a second time. Refoked, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord Viscount Boyle, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Wworth Mr. Pierrepont presented to the House, according to tfcnted.Bl^’ Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Blid-toorth, in the County of Nottingham: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading of the Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 35th year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, so far as relates to Freeholds under the yearly value of twenty Pounds, and for making further and other regulations relating thereto;

And the House being informed, that several material alterations are necessary to be made in the said Bill;

r,,r^..T!iat t*le Ol for the second reading of the said Bill be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdraVn. instead thereof!* *eave be S‘ven to present another Bill

Cork and Limerick Road Bill, admitted.

m

ion Bill Mrawn,

I another

cred.

pertained Rights of Common in Ireland: And that Mr.

James Fitzgerald, Sir John Newport, and Mr. Fofter, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy Copy of of the Patent under which the Comttiissioners of the Treasury in Ireland hold their Offices, and of the war- in Ireland, runt or warrants for paying them any sum or sums of orderwl* money for salaries:—Also, a Return of the several persons from time to time appointed Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland; distingiiishing the vacancy pr vacancies which they were severally appointed to supply; as also the particulars of the different sums from time to time paid to such Commissioners respectively, the fund out of which the fame were paid, and the warrants for paying the fame; and of all such sums as have' been paid by way of Pension, Incident Expence, or under any other head, to any person or persons who have ceased to be Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland, and the fund out of which the fame were paid, and the warrant for paying the fame.

Mr. Hujkiffbn presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act; of Parliament,

An Account of the Ordinary Revenues and Extraordinary Resources constituting the Public Income of Great Britain, for the year ended the 5th of January 1805; with several Appendixes—together with a duplicate of the said Account: And also;

An Account of the total amount of the Arrears and Current Balances due on 5th January 1805, from the Officers of Excise in England, from 5th Januaty 1774, so far as the fame can be made up: And also,

An Account of the total amount of the Arrears and Current Balances due on the 5th January 1805, from the Receivers General of Land and Assessed Taxes in Great Britain, from the 5th January 1774, so far as the fame can be made up—with a duplicate thereof: And also.

An Account of the total amount of the Arrears and Current Balances due the 5th of January 1805 from the several persons employed in receiving or collecting the Land Revenue of the Crown in Wales and the County of Monmouth, from the 5th of January 1774, so far as the fame can be made up—with a duplicate thereof.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie Upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed, for the Members of the House.

The Appendixes to the first of the said Accounts, and the other Accounts, are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the first Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume. (No. 39.)

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Additional That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, ?ulies of the several additional Duties herein after mentioned shall onw* be charged on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, herein after enumerated or described, imported into Great Britain; viz.

Annual Account*, presented;

Public

Income*

Arreaft and Balances—* Excise.

D°—

Land and Asseffed Taxes*

D°—

Land

Revenue off Wales, jee*

for

ionef

d.

Ordered, That leave be

the n,or«7of*Tr Siyen to bring in a Bill for

VOL 6o?fy 0b nm° Partition of Lands, subject to af-

Slates and Stones of all Sorts,

For every £. 100 of the produce and amount of the Duties of Customs due and payable thereon -Barilla Brimstone -Bristles of all forts Feathers of all forts Iron

I^emons and Oranges Prunes

Turpentine, Common

Duty.

r.;

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

20

10

10

10

10

5 5 5 5

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

All Other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize d* z

XJ u

o

o o 10 o Refokedy

166 25° Martin l805i

Befolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the several additional Duties herein after mentioned shall be charged on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, herein after mentioned or described, brought or carried couft-wife, or from port to port, within Great Britain-,

Slate and Stone, JL*

Tor every £.xoo of the produce and amount of the Duties of Customs due and payable thereon - * * lo o o

Befolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the additional countervailing Duties of Customs herein after mentioned, be charged upon all refined Sugar of the mamifaflure of Ireland, imported from thence into Great Britain 5 viz.

Duty.

Sugar, refined, viz. £. s. d.

— Bullards, whole or ground, the cwt. 006

----- Lumps, the cwt. - - - ooitj

-----Single Loaf, the cwt. - - 010

-----Powder Loafand Double Loaf, the cwt. o i 1

Sugar Candy, viz.

-- Brown, the cwt. - - o o n{

-----White, the cwt. - - o 1 1

Sugar, refined, of any other fort, the cwt o 1

Drawback* or Befolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

°" *he additional Drawbacks or Bounties herein after mentioned, be allowed on all refined Sugar of the manufacture of Great Britain exported from thence to Ireland viz.

Drawback or Bounty.

Sugar, refined, viz. j£. s. d.

-----Bastards, whole or ground, the cwt. 006

-----— Lumps, the cwt. - - - o o ift

-----Single Loaf, the cwt. - - - 010

-----Powder Loaf and DoubleLoaf, the cwt. o 1 1

Sugar Candy, viz.

•-----Brown, the cwt. - - o o lij

—*-----White, the cwt. - - o 1 1

Sugar, refined, of any other fort, the cwt. o 1 x

Audionj. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That,

towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every twenty shillings of the purchase money arising or payable by virtue of any Sale at Au61ion in Great Britain, of any interest in possession or reversion, in any freehold, customary copyhold or leasehold lands, tenements, houses, or hereditaments, and any share or shares in the capital or joint stock of any corporation or chartered company, and of any annuities or sums of money charged thereon, and of any ships and vessels, and of any reversionary interest in the Public Funds, and of any plate or jewels, and so in proportion for any greater or less iiun of such purchase money, there shall be charged an additional duty of one penny.

Befolved, That itistlieOpinionofthis Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to I lis Majesty, for every twenty shillings of the purchase money arising or payable by virtue of any Sale at Auction in Great Britain, of furniture, fixtures, pictures, books, horses, and carriages, and all other goods and chattels whatsoever, and lo in proportion for any grater or less sum of such purchase money, there shall be charged an additional Duty of two-pence.

Bricks and Befolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That,

T»k». towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every thoul'and of Bricks which shall be made in Great Britain, not exceeding any of the following dimensions; that is to say, ten inches long, three inches thick, and five inches wide, there shall be charged an additional Duty of ten pence.

Befolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every tlionibm! of plain I iles which shall be made in Great Britain, there shall be charged an additional Duty of ten pence.

It< flived. That il is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every thou hind of IrBricks, not exceeding any of the following dimensions; that is to say, ten inches long, three inches thick, and five inches wide, which shall be imported into Great Britain, there shall be charged an additional countervailing Duty of ten pence.

Befolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every thousand of lvish plain Tiles which shall be imported into Great Britain, there shall be charged an additional countervailing Duty of ten pence.

Befolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every thousand of Bricks made in Great Britain, not exceeding any of the following dimensions; that is to say, tell inches long, three inches thick, and five inches wide, for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts, there shall be allowed ait additional Drawback of ten pence.

Befolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thdt for every thousand of plain "Files which shall be made in Great Britain, for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts, there shall be allowed an additional Drawback of ten pence.

Befolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comm ittee, That, Coff«*. towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every pound weight of Coffee which shall be imported into Great Britain on or after the 25th day of March *805, or whichj having been l'o imported, liiall, on or after the said 25th day of March 1805, be taken or delivered for home consumption out of any warehouse in which the same shall be, or shall have been, lodged or deposited under the locks of the Officers of Customs and Excise, or either or them, there shall be charged an additional Duty of six pence.

Befolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, Cyder and towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every hogshead of Cyder and Perry made in Great Britain for sale, to be paid by the first buyer or maker thereof such buyer or maker being a dealer in or retailer of Cyder or Perry, or by the factor or agent to whom such Cyder or Perry shall be feat or consigned to be sold or disposed of, there shall be charged an additional duty of ter* shillings.

, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

for every hogshead confiding of sixty-three gallons,

Engli/k wine measure, of Info Cyder and Perry, which shall be imported as merchandize, or for sale, or which shall be sent or consigned to any factor or agent to sell or dispose of, there shall be charged an additional countervailing Duty of ten shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every hogshead of Cyder or Perry made in Great Britain, for which all the Duties imposed in respectt thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts, there shall be allowed ail additional Drawback of ten shillings.

Befolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, Glafi. towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every hundred weight of materials or metal, or other preparations whatever, by what name soever the same are or may be called or known, that shall be made use of in Great Britain in the making of Plate or Flint Glass, or Enamel, Stained, or Paste Glass, or Phial Glass, there shall be charged an additional Duty of sixteen shillings and four pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majolly, for' every hundred weight of materials or metal, or other preparations whatever, by what name soever the same are or may be called or known, that shall be made life of in Great Britain in the making of Spread Window Glass, commonly called or known by the name of Broad Glass, there shall be charged an additional Duty of four shillings and one penny.

Befolved, That itistheOpinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every hundred weight of materials or metal, or other preparations whatever, by what name soever the same are or may be called or known, that shall be made use of in Great

4o Geo.

So0 Martin

Great Britain in the making of all other Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, whether flatbed or otherwise manufactur'd, and commonly called or known either by the name of Crown Glass, or German Sheet Glass, there shall be charged an additional Duty of twelve {hillings and three pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of his Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every hundred weight of Plate Glass, and of all other Glass which shall be imported from parte beyond the Seas into Great Britain, the fame not being stalks in which wine or oil shall or may be imported, nor foreign green glass bottles, nor Iri/k glass, or glass manufactures, imported directly from Ireland, there shall be charged an additional Duty of one pound and one Hulling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every square foot, superlicial measure, of Plate Glaf3, which Until he imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland, there shall be charged an additional countervailing Duty of one stuffing aivd one penny.

Be/olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every hundred weight of IFlint, Enamel, Stained, Paste, or Phial Glass, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland, there shall be charged an additional countervailing Duty of one pound one shilling and nine pence.

Be/olrcJ, Thut if is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every hundred weight of Iri/ Spread Window Glass, Commonly called Broad Glass, which shall he imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland, there shall be charged an additional countervailing Duty of four shillings and one halfpenny.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every hundred weight of Iri/k Window Glass (not being Spread Glass) whether dallied or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known by the name of Crown Glass, or German Sheet Glass, which Iliad be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland, there shall be charged an additional countervailing Duty of nine shillings and ten pence halfpenny.

Resolved, T\\wt it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every one hundred weight of any fort or species of Iri/k Glass not before enumerated or described (common Green Glass bottles, and vell'els made use of in chemical laboratories, and Garden Glades, and all other vessels or ntenfds of common bottle metal excepted) which Iliad be imported into Great Britain direedly from Ireland, there shall be charged an additional countervailing Duty of one pound and one dulling.

Resolved, Thvci it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every square foot, superficial measure, of Plate Glass made in Great Britain from materials or metal, or other preparations, for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts, there diall be allowed an additional Drawback of one shilling and one penny.

Resolved, Th^t it is the Opinion of this Committee, That lor every hundred iveight of Flint Glass, or Enamel, Stained, or Paste Glass, or Phial Glass, made in Great Britain from materials or metal, or other preparations, for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts, there diall be allowed an additional Drawback of one pound one dulling and nine , pence.

Bejblved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every hundred weight of Spread Window Glass, commonly called or known by the name of Broad Glass, made in Gi'eat Britain from materials or metal, or other preparations, for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts, there shall be allowed an additional Drawback of four shillings and one halfpenny.

Resolveinl, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every hundred weight of all other W indow Glass, not being Spread Glass, whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the name of Crown Glass, or German Sheet Glass, made VOL. 60.

in Great Britain from materials dr metal, or Other preparations, for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid,- and which shall be duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts, there shall bq allowed an additional Drawback of fourteen shillings and ten pence halfpenny.

Resolved, That itis the Opinion of this Committee, That, vinegar, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every barrel of Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, or Liquors preparing for Vinegar, which shall be brewed or made in Great Britain for sale, there shall be charged an additional Duty of five shillings.

Resolved, Thai it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every barrel, confiding of thirty-four gallons, English beer measure, of Irish Vinegar, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland, there shall be charged an additional countervailing Duty of five shillings.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, wire,

towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every ounce troy of Gilt Wire, which shall be made in Great Britain, there shall be charged an additional Duty

often pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every ounce troy of Silver Wire which shall be made iri Great Britain, there shall be charged an additional Duty of seven pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every ounce troy of Irish Gilt Wire, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland, there Diall be charged an additional countervailing Duty of ten pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every ounce troy of Irish Silver Wire, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland, there Diall be charged an additional countervailing. Duty of seven pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish Gold Thread,

Gold Lace, or Gold Fringe, made of Plate Wire spun upon silk, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland, there shall be charged an additional countervailing Duty of seven shillings and eight pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every pound weight avoirdupois of Irish Silver Thread,

Silver Lace, or Silver Fringe, made of Plate Wire spun upon silk, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland, there shall be charged an additional countervailing Duty of five shillings and nine pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every pound weight avoirdupois of Gold Thread, Gold Lace, or Gold Fringe, made of Plate Wire spun upon silk, such Plate Wire being made of Gilt "Wire made in Great Britain, for which all the Duties imposed in respect, thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts, there shall be allowed an additional Drawback of seven shillings and eight pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for every pound weight avoirdupois of Silver Thread, Silver Lace, or Silver Fringe, made of Plate Wire spun upon silk, such Plate Wire being made of-Silver Wire made in Great Britain, for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof Diall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as merchandize to foreign parts, there Diall be allowed an additional Drawback of five shillings and nine pence.

The twelve first Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by House.

The thirteenth Resolution of the Committee, being read a second time;

An Amendment w as proposed to be made thereunto, by inferring after the words " having been," the word

" previously."

And the Question being put, That the word "previcufly

be there inserted;—It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved,

Report on A6rs relating to the Duties of Excise on Wine.

Petition of the Roman Catholics of Ireland*

168 25° MartiL A. 1805;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution so amended. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, for every pound weight of Cotiee, which shall be imported into Great Britain on or after the 25th day of March 1805, or which, having been previously so imported, shall, on or after the said 25th day of March 1805, be taken or delivered for home consumption out of any warehouse in which the same shall be, or shall have been, lodged or deposited under the locks of the Officers of Customs and Excise, or either of them, there shall be charged an additional Duty of six pence.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a feeond time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the four first of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord , Lord Viscount Filzharris, Mr. Long, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Bourne, and Mr.

Hu/ki'ffon, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the subsequent Resolutions of the said Committee: And that the fame Gentlemen do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made 43 Geo. III. for granting to His Majesty, until twelve months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain; and also, of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty, until twelve months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported into Great Britain', the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties on Wine granted by the said Acts, and which are to continue in force until twelve months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, shall be made perpetual.

The said Resolution being read a feeond time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Lovaine, Lord Viscount Fitzharris, Mr Long, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor

General, Mr. Sturges Bourne, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Roman Catholics of Ireland, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and of others His Majesty’s subjects professing the Roman Catholic Religion, waspresented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are stedfastly attached to the Person, Family, and Government of their Most Gracious Sovereign; that they are imprefied with senti-ments of affectionate gratitude for the benignant laws which have been enacted' for meliorating their condition during His paternal reign; and that they contemplate, with rational and decided predilection, the admirable principles of the British Constitution; and the Petitioners most humbly state, that they have solemnly ami publicly taken the oaths prescribedbv Law to His Majesty’s Roman Catholic Subjects as tests of political and moral principles; and they confidently appeal to the sufferings which they have long endured, and the sacrifices which they Hill make, rather than violate their confidences, by taking oaths of a religious or spiritual import contrary to their belief, as decisive proofs of their profound and fcrnpulous reverence for the sacred obligation of an oath; and the Petitioners beg leave to repvefent, that, by these awful tests, they bind themselves, in the presence' of the all-seeing Deity, whom all dalles of Christians adore, " to be faithful, and bear true allegiance to their Most Gracious Sovereign Ix>rd King George the Third,

" and Him to defend, to the utmost of their power, against " all conspiracies and attempts whatsoever that shall be " made against His Person, Crown, or Dignity; to do " their utmost endeavours to disclose and make known " to His Majesty, and His Heirs, all treasons and traito-" rous Conspiracies which may be formed against Him or " thgm; and faithfully to maintain, support, and defend, " to the utmost of their power, the succession to the " Crown in His Majesty’s Family, against any Person or "Persons whatsoever;" that, by those oaths, they renounce and abjure obedience and allegiance unto any other Person claiming or pretending a right to the Crown of this Realm; that they reject and detest, as unchristian and impious, to believe that it is lawful in any ways to injure any person or persons whatsoever under, pretence of their being Heretics, and also that unchristian and impious principle, that no faith is to be kept with Heretics; that it is no article of their faith, and that they renounce, reject, and abjure the opinion, that Princes, excommunicated by the Pope and Council, or by any authority whatsoever, may be deposed or murdered by their fuhje :,s, or by any person whatsoever; that they do not believe that the Pope of Rome, or any other foreign Prince, Prelate, State, or Potentate, hath, or ought to have, any temporal or civil jurisdiction, power, fupe-. riority, or pre-eminence within this Realm; that they. firmly believe, that no act, in itself unjust, immoral, or wicked, can ever be justified or excuied, by or under pretence or colour that it was done for the good of the Church, or in obedience to any ecclesiastical power whatsoever; and that it is not an article of the Catholic Faith, neither are thereby required to believe or profess, that the Pope is infallible, or that they are bound to obey any order, in its own nature immoral, though the Pope, or any ecclesiastical power, /hould ift’ue or direct any such order; but, on the contrary, they hold that it would be sinful to pay any respect or obedience thereto; that they do not believe that any fin whatsoever, committed by them, can be forgiven at the mere will of any Pope, or of any Priest, or of any person or persons whatsoever; but that any person who receives absolution for the fame, without a liticere sorrow for them, and a firm and sincere resolution to avoid future guilt, and to atone to God, so far from obtaining thereby any remiftion of his fins, incurs the additional guilt of violating a Sacrament; and, by the fame solemn obligation, they are bound and firmly pledged to defend, to the utmost of their power, the settlement and arrangement of property in their Country, as established by the laws now in being; that they have disclaimed, disavowed, and solemnly abjured any intention to subvert the present Church Establi/liment, for the purpose of fub-ilituting a Catholic Establishment in its Head; and they have also solemnly sworn, that they will not exercise any privilege, to which they are or may become entitled, to disturb or weaken the Protestant Religion, or Protestant Government of Ireland; and that the Petitioners most humbly beg leave to /hew, that however painful it is to their feelings, that it /hould still be thought necessary to exatt such tests from them, and from them alone, of all II is Majesty’s subjects, they can, with perfect truth, affirm, that the political and moral principles which are thereby aliened, are not only conformable to their opinions and habits, but are expressly inculcated by the Religion which they profess; and the Petitioners most humbly trust, that the religious doctrines which permit such tests. to be taken, will be pronounced by the House to be entitled to a toleration not merely partial but complete, under the happy Constitution and Government of this Realm, and that His Majesty’s Roman Catholic Subjects, holding those principles, will be confulered as subjects, upon whose fidelity the State may repose the /irinest reliance; and the Petitioners further most humbly /hew, that twenty-six years have now elapsed since their Most Gracious Sovereign, and the Houses of Parliament in Ireland, by their public and deliberate act, declared, that, from the uniform peaceable behaviour of the Roman Catholics of Ireland, fora long series of years, it appeared rea/onable and expedient to relax the disabilities and incapacities under which they laboured; and that it mull tend not only to the cultivation and improvement of this 13 Kingdom,

45 Geo. III. 25° Marlii. 169

Kingdom, but to the prosperity and strength of all His Majesty’s Dominions, that His Majesty’s subjects, of all denominations, should enjoy the bJeffingsof a freeCon-fiitution, and should be bound to each other by mutnal interell and mutual afiection, a declaration founded upon unerring principles of just ice and found policy, which Hill remains to be carried into full ellect (although the Petitioners are imprefied with a belief, that the apprehensions which retarded its beneficial operation, previous to the Union, cannot exist in the Parliament of the United Kingdom) for the Petitioners most humbly shew, that, by virtue of divers Statutes now in force, His Majesty’s Homan Catholic Subjects, who form so great a proportion of the population of Ireland, and contribute so largely to the resources of the State, do yet labour under many incapacities, restraints, and privations, winch a Refit them with peculiar severity in almost every station of life; that more especially they are denied the capacity of fitting or voting in either of the Houses of Parliament, the manifold evils eonfequont upon which incapacity they trust it is uuneeHTary to unfold or enumerate to the House—they are disabled frorh holding or exercising (unless by special dispenlaiion) any Corporate Office whatsoever in the Cities and Towns in which they re-fide; they are incapacitated and disqualified from holding or exercising the offices of Sheriffs and Sub-fheritls, and various offices of trust, honour, and emolument in the State, in His Majesty’s Military and Naval Service, and in the administration of the laws in this their native land; and that the Petitioners, declining to enter into the painful detail of the many Incapacities and Inconveniences avotvedly inHifted by those Statutes upon His Majesty’s Roman Catholic Subjects, beg leave however most earnestly to solicit the attention of the House to the humiliating and ignominious system of exclusion, reproach, and suspicion, which those Statutes generate and keep alive; for the Petitioners mod humby shew, that in consequence of the hostile spirit thereby fanCtioned, their hopes of enjoying even the Privileges which, through the benignity of their Most Gracious Sovereign, they have been capacitated to enjoy, are nearly altogether fmftrated; insomuch, that they are in efleet shut out from almost all the honours, dignities, and offices of trust and emolument in the State, from rank and distinction in His Majesty’s Army and Navy, and even from the lowed fixations and franchises in the several Cities and Corporate Towns throughout His Majesty’s Dominions; and that the Petitioners severely feel, that this unqualified interdiction of those of their Communion from all municipal stations, from the franchises of all Guilds and Corporations, and from the patronage and benefits annexed to those fixations, is not an evil terminating in itself, for they beg leave to ftaX, that by giving an advantage over those of their Communion to others by whom such fixations are exclusively possessed, it establishes a species of qualified Monopoly universally operating in their disfavour, contrary to the spirit, and highly detrimental to the freedom of Trade; and that the Petitioners likewise severely feel, that His Majesty’s Roman Catholic Subjects, in consequence of their exclusion from the offices of Sheriffs and Sub-iherills, and of the host ile spirit of those Statutes, do not fully enjoy certain other inestimable privileges of the British Constitution, which the law has mod jealously maintained and secured to their fellow subject.s; and that the Petitioners most humbly beg leave to solicit the attention of the House, to the distination which has conceded the elective and denies the representative franchise to one and the fame class of His Majesty’s subjects, which detaches from property its proportion of political power, under a Constitution whole vital principle is the union of the one with the other, which closes every avenue of legalized ambition against those who mud be presumed to have great credit and influence amongst the mass of the population of the Country, which refuses to Peers of the Realm all share in the legislative representation, either arinal or virtual, and renders the liberal profelllon of the Taw to Roman Catholics a mere object of pecuniary traffic, despoiled of its hopes and of its honours; and that the Petitioners further most humbly shew, that the exclusion of so numerous and efficient a portion of His Ma-VoL. 6o.

jesty’s subjects as the Roman Catholics of this Realm from Civil Honours and Offices, and from advancement in His Majesty’s Army and Navy, actually impairs, in a very material degree, the most valuable resources of the British Empire, by impeding His Majesty’s general service.

Hiding the most honourable and powerful incentives to military and civiPmcrit, and unnecefl’arily restricting the exercise of that bright prerogative of the Crown which encourages good subjects to promote the Public Welfare, and excites them to meritorious actions by a well regulated distribution of public honours and rewards; and that the Petitioners beg leave most humbly to submit, that those manifold incapacities, restraints, and privations, are absolutely repugnant to the liberal and comprehen-five principles recogniscd by their Most Gracious Sovereign and the Parliament of Ireland, that they are impolitic restraints upon His Majesty’s Royal Prerogative, that they are hurtful and vexatious to the feelings of a loyal and generous people, and that the total abolition of them w ill be found not only compatible with, but highly conducive to, the perfect security of every Establishment, religious or political, now existing in this Realm; for the Petitioners most explicitly declare, that they do not seek, or with in the remotest degree, to injure or encroach upon the " rights, privileges, immunities, possessions, or " revenues, appertaining to the Bishops and Clergy of " the Protestant Religion as by Law established, or to " the Churches committed to their charge, or to any of " them," the foie object of the Petitioners being an equal participation, upon equal terms, with their fellow subjects, of the full benefits of the British Laws and Constitution; and that the Petitioners beg leave most humbly to observe, that although they might well and justly infill upon the firm and unabated loyalty of His Majesty’s Roman Catholic Subjects to their Most Gracious Sovereign, their profound respect for the Legislature, and their dutiful submission to the Laws, yet they most especially rest their humble claims, and expectations of relief, upon the clear and manifest conduciveness of the measure which they solicit to the general and permanent tranquillity, strength, and happiness of the Empire;

and that the Petitioners, entertaining no doubt of its final accomplishmenf from its evident justice and utility, do most solemnly allure this honourable House, that their earnest solicitude for it, at this peculiar crisis, arises principally from their anxious desire to extinguish all motives to disunion, and all means of exciting discontent; for the Petitioners most humbly state it as their decided opinion, that the enemies of the British Empire, who meditate the subjugation of Ireland, have no hopes of success save in the disunion of its Inhabitants; and therefore it is, that the Petitioners are deeply anxious, at this moment, that a measure should be accomplished which will annihilate the principle of religious animosity, and animate all descriptions of His Majesty’s subjects in an enthusiastic defence of the heft Constitution that has ever yet been established: And the Petitioners therefore most humbly presume to express their earned but respectful hope. That the House will in its wisdom and liberality deem the several Statutes now in force against them no longer necessary to be retained; and that His Majesty’s loyal and dutiful subjects professing the Roman Catholic Religion may be effectually relieved from the operation of those Statutes, and that so they may be restored to the full enjoyment of the benefits of the British Constitution, equally and in common with their fellow Subjects throughout the British Empire.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee®* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to African consider of an Act, made 37 Geo. III. for carrying into reaty execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America, be now read:—And the fame being road;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That X x he

170

25°—26° Martii.

A. 1805.

reported.

Bill ordered.

he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, Acts, passed in the 2d and 24th years of His present when the House will please to receive the same. Majesty, for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road

Ordered, That the Report be now received. at or near Swindon to and from

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said rough to Ever ley, in the County of Wilts, was committed; Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill, and found tire fame to be true; and that the Com-continue, for a time to be limited, and amend an Act, mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several passed in the 37th year of His present Majesty, for car- Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him rying into execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, to report to the House; and he read the Report in his and Navigation, between His Majesty and the United place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Slates of America. ' Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

And Mr. Alexander moved the House accordingly. Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve-

continue, for a time to be limited, and amend an Act, passed in the 37th year of His present Majesty, for carrying into execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between Mis Majesty and the United States of America: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Rose, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

pc

N

ingrossed.

06 031

p)

pH

Burrell

Committee on Minute of Council rel'pectin£ Trade with France, &c.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates situate in the Counties of Eihte BiK, and Surra/, devised by the will of Sir William Burrell, committi:u’ Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, upon trust to fell the Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to fame, and for laying out the money anting from the sale

tint

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Paper, intituled, " Minute of the Lords " of the Council respecting Licences to be granted for the " Exportation and Importation of Goods to and from " France, Spain, and Holland" which was presented to

thereof in the purchase of Estates in tno County of Sussex, to be settled to the same uses as the Estates so fold, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Paulet Si. John Mildmay, I ord William &c.:

Aii

0-

iifl

(h

ftftb

1

the House upon Monday last by Mr. Rose, by His Ma- And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s jesty’s command, be now read:—And the fame being Chamber.

Tii?

read;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That

Mr. St. Andrew St.John reported from the Committee, Thurltigh J

to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of indofureBJj |;,j.

Thurleigh, in the County of Bed, was committed; reP°rte<1° That the Committee had examined, and found that the

Tte

m I

he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, Standing Orders of the House relative to Bills of In

reported.

Bill ordered.

when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill to make valid certain Licences, granted by virtue of an Order in Council, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize from and to Spain, in Neutral Vessels, and for indemnifying all Persons concerned in advising such Order, or granting or acting under such Licences.

And Mr. Alexander moved the House accordingly.

closure, had been complied with; and that the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satis-faction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by

’it!:—

O’!,7

HJt«

m -1

Horn,

x to

one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to were agreed to by the House. make valid certain Licences, granted by virtue of an Or, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Order in Council, for allowing the Importation and Ex- ingrossed. portation of certain Goods and Merchandize from and to

Spain, in Neutral Vessels, and for indemnifying all Per- The House was moved. That the Report which, upon Report on

. . > ^ . il vi t* T'v 1 t O 1 /' .1 /^( Prn/c tot'd

Fern

mi

!r Cyllit

fons concerned in advising such Order, or granting or the 12th day of February last, was made from the Com- g^e°Road

■I >ii 1

acting under such Licences: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Rose, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ways and Means, deterred.

Supply,

deferred.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow

mittee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for put- pef;f'ion, ting in execution the Act thereinafter mentioned, was re- re-co nimrtetf ferred, might be again read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred.

iHlI)

Miift

If

A Bill for better regulating the taking of Salmon and Carmarthen

other Fish in certain Rivers in the County of Carmarthen, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr.

Williams, Sir William Paxton, &e.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber. -

Salmon Fisheries Bill, committed.

\ I;

Morning, Ten of the clock.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Lmiwd

Lea and Clcaverton, in the County of was read the

'■oil

Martis, 26° Martii;

Anno 45"Georgii III"1 Regis, 1805. Prayers.

Dopcke

sworn.

GEORGEJames Dopcke took the Oaths appointed, in older to his Naturalization.

third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do paf;: And that-the Title be, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Lea and Cleaver ton, in the County of Wills.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Ef c carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their concurrence. —

toiled.

M f

’so*'

hH

Swindon and Everley Road Bill, reported.

Mr. Jopiua Smith reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the term and powers of two

The House being informed, that Mr. Clerk Account* of

to the London Company for the Manilla, ’lure of Flour,

London Ficui

Meal, and Bread, attended at the Doors lie was called f^Zucl' 1 in

a-

.:> f

iili

"00,

Proceedings

respecting Petition for Provision in Shillin^ford Road Bill.

Switon Incluftre Bill, committed.

Neutral Ships Bill, presented.

Foreign Ships Privileges Bill, presented.

Innkeepers

Bill/

ordered.

45 Geo. III. 26° Mart'll 171

in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

N* i. An Account of the receipt and application of all Monies received and applied by the Company,

from ill January to 31ft December 1804, and of the Debts and Credits of the Company on the said 31ft day of December: And also,

N* 2. An Account of the quantities of Wheat and Flour bought by the London Company on each day when purchases were made, and of the prices paid for the same, from 1 ft January to 31ft December 1804, shewing also the quantities in ft ore, both of Crain and of Flour and Meal, on the last day of each month in the year 1804, and the quantities of Flour and Bread manufactured by the Com-in the said year: Anri also,

3. A Lift of Proprietors of the London Company for the Manufacture of Flour, Meal, and Bread, shewing also the number of Shares (of £. 25) held by each on 3 ill December 1804.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Lift do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Lift be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Lift are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgefl’es, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Heading, in the County of Berks, which was presented to the House upon the 14 ill day of this instant March, might be again read :—And the fame was read.

The House was also moved. That the Order, made upon the said 14th day of March, for referring the said Petition to the consideration of a Committee, might be read :—And the fame being read.

Ordered, That the said Order he discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 4th and 24th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shilling ford in the County of Or ford, through Wading ford And Pang-borne, to Reading in the County of Band for build-

ing a Bridge over the River Thames, at or near Shilling-ford Ferry, is committed.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Srcafon, in the County of Lincoln, was read a second time.

Refhlved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin, Sir Gilbert lla'hco’e,&e.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, in the Speaker’*.. Chamber.

Mr. Rof-presented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill to permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Counlriesin America, belongingtoany Foreign jEuropean Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships, for a time to be limited: And the fame was received; and read the firfr time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Mr. Rose present' d to the TToufe, according to Order, a Bill for ‘-ranting to Fo.-cian Ships pet under His Majesty’s protection the prlvJft-i.o.s of Prize Ships, under certain reglations and relink111,1 s, and for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies funeiuh'^ d to His Majesty, to cx-ercife the occupations of Merchants or Factors, for a time to be limited: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Ref Iced, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To -morrow.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on quartering Soldiers: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Rose, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. 60.

Mr Hufkiffonpresented*- to the House, according to Customs Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, or brought or carried coastwise within Great Britain: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

A Petition of John Duke of Atholl, was presented to Petition of the House, and read; setting forth. That the Isle of Man, was granted in sovereignty by King ienrxf the Fourth l«ve to to the Petitioner’s ancestors, and confirmed to, and made unalienable in, the Petitioner’s family, by an Act passed in the 7 th year of King James the First, and they continued Proprietors thereof, with sovereign rights, until it was thought necessary by Parliament, for purposes connected with the protection of the British and Irish Revenues, to vest the fame in His Majesty, by an Act passed in the 5th year of His Reign; and that the Petitioner is well satisfied that it was not intended in that transaction to deprive his family of the full benefit of the principle that has invariably governed the Legislature in all cases in which the public safety has required that the rights and properties of individuals should be resigned or purchased for the protection of great national interests, namely, that of giving full compensation to th'ofe who are called upon to make such sacrifices; and that the compensation then given to the Petitioner’s family was estimated on an erroneous supposition, that the greater part of the Revenue produced to him by the said itland was derived from illegal sources, and from the introduction of articles which were afterwards smuggled into His Majesty’s Dominions, to the great detriment of His Majesty’s Revenues; and that, notwithstanding the lapse of time (a great part of which has been employed in invef-ti gating the nature of the interests of the Petitioner’s family in the said island, and in the improvement of the Revenues derived by His Majesty from the same) the Petitioner is able, by original documents and evidence, to prove that the Revenue fairly arising to his family from the fair duties at the rates payable in 1765, accruing on articles introduced into the island for the purposes of consumptiononly, independent of trade, would have produced an annual income, for which, together with the regalities that were attached to it, the sum given could not be deemed an adequate compensation; and that fub-sequent experience, founded on the system introduced after the reveftment of the said island in His Majesty, has fully confirmed that the compensation thus given was not adequate to the property taken from the Petitioner for the public service, and has also proved, that if a plan, similar to that which is now pursued, for regulating the supply of articles for the use of the island, had been adopted *in 1763, His Majesty’s Revenue would hifve been protected, and the interests of the Petitioner’s family in the said island would have been secured, and their value increased instead of diminished; and that the Revenue now raised in the said island greatly exceeds what Parliament had in contemplation at the time of the purchase, and the Petitioner, being satisfied that it was not the intention of Government at that time to procure a benefit to the Public by sacrifices made by his family, without giving full compensation, rolls allured that the House will not deprive him of the full benefit that his family ought to have received for the resignation of their rights for the Public Service; and that the Petitioner has observed, that there is a Bill now before the House for encouraging the Trade, and for the improvement of the Revenues, and for prevention of Smuggling to'and from the Isle of Man; and that the Petitioner was not able to obtain His Majesty’s recommendation to the object of his Petition until the day appointed by the House for receiving private Petitions had elapsed: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to present a Petition for his relief.

Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular cir- L?av? given, cumstances set forth in the said Petition, leave be given to present a Petition as desired.

Then

172

26°—27° Mart'll.

A. 1805.

Petition

predated.

Then a Petition of the said John Duke of Atholl being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; containing the fame Allegations as the preceding Petition: And praying. That provision may be made in the said Bill for giving relief to the Petitioner.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Stanley, Mr. &c.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Report, tic. Ordered, That the Report of the Commissioners of Enquiry relative to the of Man, made in the year

1792; be referred to the said Committee.

solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

referred.

Address for Befolved, That an humble Address be presented to His

Petmon* of" Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give di-Duke of regions that there be laid before this House, a Copy of Atholl. Report of the Lords Committee of H is Majesty’s most

Honourable Privy Council, dated 21ft July 1804, upon the Petitions of the Duke of Atholl to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Add ref* be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Isle of Man Ordered, That the Bill for regulating and encouraging

toh^printed. Trade, for the improvement of the Revenue, and prevention of Smuggling to and from the Isle of , be printed for the Members of the House.

Petition A Petition of several Persons resident in or near the Bo-

Corn^Laws rough of Isicester, was presented to the House, and read;

taking notice of the high prices of Provisions, particularly of Flour and Bread Corn: And praying for the repeal of an Act, made in the last Session, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Excise Dutie* Mr. Ilufkiffon presented to the House, according to . Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty several addi-pre en e . tjona| Duties of Excise in Great Britain: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Act The House was moved, That an Act, made 4 3 Geo. III.

to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain,

Spannli Wine, * . .

to be and to grant other Duties m lieu thereof, might be read:— comidered. And the same being read;

Befolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as charges Duties on "Wine imported into Great Britain.

Militia The Order of the Day being read, for the second read-

ewiuiing.Bill, intr of the Bill for allowing a certain proportion of the commute!. ^Iilitia jn Great Britain voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty’s Regular Forces;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be now read a second time;

The House divided.

The Noes w ent forth.

_ , * . (Mr. Secretary at War, ) ,

Tellers for the eas, £\fr> J14

, xt (The Earl Temple, )

Tellers for the N oes, Mp: j 59-

So it was resolved in the Allirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read a second time. Jtefo'ved , That the Bill be committed.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of tin* w bole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, re-

Mercurii, 27° die;

Anno 45* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

SIR Ralph Milbanke reported from the Committee, to Stockton and

whom the Bill for repealing three Acts, passed in the 20th, 22d, and 26th years of his late Majesty, for re- reported!'1, pairing the Road from Stockton-upon-Tees to Darlington, and from thence tp Barnard Cajilein the County of Durham; and for reducing the said Acts into one, and for more etleftually repairing the said Road, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Jacob Henry Afiley presented to the House, accord- Gillingham, ing to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of

Gillingham Saint Mary, Gillingham A!l Saints, Winston, patented.' ’ and Win dell, in the County of Norfolk: And the fame

was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Egerton reported from the Committee, to whom Crofsford the Report was re-committed, which was made from the ^nmiuca Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for Report, putting in execution the Act thereinafter mentioned, was reported, referred; That the Committee had further examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with; but it appeared to the Committee, that the Trustees did not ascertain the necessity of an application to Parliament until the 19th of October last, w hen it was too late to give the Notices required by the Standing Orders; and that the necessity of the application arose from the circumfianees of the Tonnage on Manure conveyed on the Canal from Maiichester to Altrincham and other places, having been raised before the said month of October 1804, in consequence of which great quantities of Manure have been carried on the said Road, for which Manure no Toll can by the Act be demanded; that the efteft of this became so great as to injure the Road to a very great degree, and was communicated to the Trustees by their clerk and surveyor, for the first time, at their annual meeting on the day above-mentioned, when they also had information that several of the Townshipg through which the Road' pafles wrcre threatened with indictments; that from scarcity and high price of materials used for the i*epair of the said Road, some of which are brought from a di (lance of near thirty miles, and others upwards of fifty miles, the Tolls now payable and the Statute Duty are not sufficient to keep the said Road in repair, and pay the interest of the money owing on the credit of the said Tolls; and that, unless an Act can be obtained in the present Session of Parliament for enlarging the term and powers of the said Act, the parts of the Road now in need of immediate repair will become exceedingly bad, and in wTet weather hardly pa liable for loaded carriages; that the Towai of receives

a considerable part of its supply of corn and provisions along the said Road, and will occasionally be liable to fuller great inconvenience, if the fame is not kept in such a state of repair as to be pafiable for loaded carriages

45 Geo. III.

27° Marta.

173

riajjcs at all times of the year; and that the Committee bad was fitted out in September and October 1800, together Sir Home further examined the said Petition, and had directed him with the expence attending the fame: And also, preftnud.

to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 36th year of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road leading from Bridge within Stretford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Altrincham in the County palatine of was read :—And, Mr. George being ex-

An Account of Repairs and Alterations made in the malls and hull of the Romney, in the months of October, November, and December 1800, together with the expence attending the fame: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " The latest Report of Survey, to " shew the actual Hate of the hull of La previous

" to her failing to the East Indies in December 1800— " also, an Account of the expence of the repairs in 1800;" And also.

An Account of the Stores supplied to the Senjible from amined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded to put the time of her being put into commission to that of her the said Act into execution, and have borrowed several leaving England: And also,

I/3vc for Notices.

Clackmannan Perth Beads Bill, pailed.

A Paper, intituled, " Romney and other Ships, respect-" ing their Repairs at the Cape of Good Hope;" And also.

An Account of all Stores purchased and supplied at the Cape of Good Hope for the Romney, and the other Ships, under the orders of Sir Home Popham, in the year 1801: And also,

A particular and detailed Account of all the Naval Stores purchased by Mr. Spearman in the Red Sea, together with such other disbursements as he made there: And also.

An Account of the time of service in the Navy of David Ezcen Bartholomew, his several ratings, entries, and discharges, and the number of times lie received the bounty during the last war; together with the names of the Captains of the Ships in which he has served: And also,

An Account of the period during which David Ezcen Bartholomew acted as Mailer of the Romney at Calcutta, with the occasion of the ah fence of the Master or acting Mailer, in whose place he served: And also,

An Account, Hating the time of service in the Navy of David Ezcen Bartholomew fmee he was taken by a press-gang in December 1803, as far as the Books in the Navy Office will admit, wherein is to be expressed any R’s enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty- which may have been placed against his name; also, fourth and thirty-seventh years of His present Majesty, a Copy of an Admiralty Order, dated 6th November

considerable sums of money on credit of the Tolls thereby granted; "which Hill remain due and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be properly maintained and improved, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and l'ome of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered and amended, and the Tolls increased.

Ordered, That in consideration of the particular circumstances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that Notices may be given at the next Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the County Palatine of Chester, and three times in some one newspaper, printed or circulated in the said County, in the months of April and May next, or either of them, of the application to Parliament for the purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

Aningrossed Bill for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 34th and 37th years of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Clackmannan and Perth, and for making and keeping in repair several other Roads communicating therewith, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the term and altering and

Edinburgh Police Bill, ^ported.

for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Clackmannan and Perth, and for making and keeping in repair several other Roads communicating therewith.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert. Dundas do make the

1804, ordering the R to be taken off: And also,

Copy of an Order of the l.ords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Navy Board, dated 6th November 1804, to remove the R from the name of Mr. mezv on the Books of His Majesty’s Ship Inflexible: And also,

A Copy of the Certificate of Mr. David Ezcen Bartho-

Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for regu- lomezv having passed his examination for a Lieutenant

lating the Police of the City of Edinburgh and the adjoining DiHrifts, and for other purposes relating thereto, was committed.

Mr. Robert Dundas accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and

And also,

An Extract of the M niter Book of the Enter prize for December 1803, relating to the taking David Ezven Bartholomew by a press-gang: And also,

An Account of the Bills drawn on account of the Ships under the command of Sir Home Popham, in 1S01 and

And that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made 1802; specifying the particular Ships for which drawn, several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

hpckr’s ■at. Bill,

Emitted.

so far as the Bills or Accounts in Office will admit: also.

Copies of all Letters from the Navy Board to the Secretary of the Board of Admiralty, relative to the acceptance of Bills, or any expences incurred, by Sir Home Popham, for the Sensible, or other Ships

under his command in the East Indies, in the years 1801 and 1802: And also,

Copies of all letters from the Lords of the Admiralty, or from the Secretary to the Board of Admiralty, dire cting A Bill for naturalizing George James Dopcke, was read the Navy Board to inveffigate the Accounts of Sir Home

ingrossed.

a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Wdham Anderson, Mr. Alderman Combe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Corn-

referred.

•o:rr

m't,ee to whom the Petition of John Duke of Atholl

Vtholl's

ift ion,

'Pth'T ^uers

pwCting

IS

Popham.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers'do lie upon tire Table. Ordered, That the said Papers be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Dickivfon, junior, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of Repairs done to the Romney when the Vol. 60.

A Motion was made, and I lie Quell ion was proposed. Motion form That it be an InHriietion to the Gentlemen who are ap- inUmciion pointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, for the estabiiih-meat of Provincial Alylums for Lunatics and Idiots in imirtnanw ia

Y y Ireland,

* Withdrawn.

174 27° Marl'd. A. 1805.

Ireland, that they do make provision in the said Bill, for the production annually to Parliament of exact Statements of the condition of the County Infirmaries or Hospitals, and of all other Hospitals or charitable Institutions of Royal Foundation, or receiving Parliamentary Bounty, or in any manner maintained in the whole or in part at the public expence in Ireland.

And the said Motion was, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

Neutral Ships' Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second committed reading of the Bill to permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships, for a time to be limited, be now read:—And the fame being read; the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

• Foreign ships Ordered, That the Order of the1 day, for the second reading of the Bill for granting to foreign Ships put committed, tinder His Majesty’s protection, the privileges of Prize Ships, under certain regulations and restrictions, and for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies surrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the occupations of Merchants or Factors, for a time to he limited, be now read:-:—And the fame being read; the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read :—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Rofc prefenled to the House, according to Order, American a Bill to continue for a time to be limited, and amend an Tr«ty Bill, Act, passed in the 37th year of His present Majesty, lor presented-carrying into execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majesty and the United S t a t es of A meric a: And the fame was received; and read the tirlt time.

Refo'ved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Sp-mlfh a Bill to make valid certain Licences, granted by virtue of an Order in Council, for allowing the Importat ion and Exportation of certain Goods a nd Merchandize from and to Spain, in Neutral Vessels, and for indemnifying all

Persons concerned in advising such Order, or granting or acting under such Licences:—And the fame was received; and read the tirlt time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

A Petition of several Persons refilling in the Parri es of Ardrofan, Slevenston, Kilbride, and

in the County of Apr, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the high prices of Provisions, particularly of Flour and Bread Corn: And praying for the repeal of an Act, made in the Ia.fl Session, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ireland— The House being informed, that Mr. Johnson, from the Account Office of the Chief Secretary for Ireland, attended at the

Seamen"*8 door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

Wages, House, pursuant to their Order,

presented. An Account of the sum due by the Commissioners of the Navy on account of sums advanced by Collectors in Ire’and, for Seamen’s Wages, &c. in the year ended the 5th January 1805.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do fie upon the Table.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Cnftoros Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second ®utie* reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional coinnuu . j)uljes on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, or brought or carried coastwise within Great Britain, be now read:—And the fame being read; the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve ' itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Exc'ifc Duties Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Bill, reading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty several committed, additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, be now read:—And the fame being read;—the said Bill w as read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply, Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to

deferred. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the I louse Com-rmtft01 to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made 43 Geo. III. to F0- Sp:»nifli Wine» peal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, deferred, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, as charges Duties on Spanish Wine imported into Great Britain, be now read:—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That flits House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Ways and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read:—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Par- Ireland— liament of Ireland 39 Geo. III. to restrain the negoci- Piomnu.ry ation of Promifl’ory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange ^ered. ’ under a limited sum, might be read:—.And the fame was read.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made 4 3

Geo. III. to continue during the reihiftion on payments in Cath by the Bank of Ireland, and to amend an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 30th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to restrain the " negociation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of " Exchange under a limited sum;" and also an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 40th year of I lis present Majesty, to continue and amend the said Act, might be read:—And the fame was read.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to permit the issue and negociation of certain Promissory Notes, under a limited sum, by registered Bankers in Ireland; end to restrain the issue and negociation of certain other Notes, might be read:

—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend several Acts for restraining the negociation of certain

Jr/iml—

pc'1

I. ':. J.-

v \ i<e Rr ‘

b, !.

Jiint /mens P .-fiiii,

iL.tried.

v’v;r to

rtiflis.

ktpert

enttJ.

/ n

S'.tl

*y tr.;?.

45 Geo. III. 27"—281 */& 175

certain Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange in Ireland: And that Mr. Fafter, Mr. Alexander, Mr. llofr, and Sir John Newport, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, 32 Geo. III. intituled, "An Act " for improving and keeping in repair the Post Roads " of this Kingdom," might be read:—And the fume being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending the said Act, and for rendering the conveyance of Letters by Mis Majesty’s Post Office in Ireland, more feenre and expeditions: And that Mr. Mr. Alexander, Mr. Bofc, Sir John Newpoand Mr. Bagwell, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was rtioved. That an Act, made in the last Sftlion of the Parliament of Irintituled, "An Act

« for better regulating the ifming and granting of Per-" mits and Cert ificates for the conveyance and protection of certain Exciseable Goods therein mentioned,

« and to prevent frauds by dealers in, or retailers oft such " Goods," might be read :—And the fame being read;

Oi •tiered, That, leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act, so far as respects Permits for Spirits or Spirituous Liquors: And that Mr. Fosler, Mr. Bofc, Mr. Orinfhxf, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading of the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the 44th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " better governing, maintaining, and employing, the " Poor of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of " MidJleJx; for providing a new Workhouse for the " use of the said Parish; for appointing Collectors of the " Rates; and for other purposes therein mentioned and for making more elfcftual provision for those and other purposes;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Jiiil be read a second time upon this day Scvennight;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the word " Sevennight," and inserting the words " Fortnight the 10th day of April " next" in ft ead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the word " Seven-" night" Hand part of the Question;—it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the words " Fort-" night the lotli day of April next " be inserted instead thereof;—it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon this day Fortnight, the iotli day of April next.

Lord Viscount Ca/Hereaghreported to the House, That their Address of yesterday (that His Majesty would be gradually pleased to give directions that the Paper therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; an<l that His Majesty laid commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions accordingly.

Mr. Secretary at War prefenied to the House, according to Order, a Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Solders: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Be [hived. That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To -morrow.

A Potilion of several Inhabitants, Householders of the Bari ill of Saint Pantra?, in the County of being Directors of the Poor of the said Parish, was prefenied to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill lor repealing an A,ft, made in the 44th year of His present, Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better governing, Vol (So/

" maintaining, and employing, the Poor of the Parish " of Saint Pancras, in the county of ; for providing a new Workhouse for the use of the said Parish; "for appointing Collectors of the Rates, and for other " purposes therein mentioned;" and for making more cfledual provision for those and other purposes; and setting forth. That the Petitioners conceive the said Act is adequate to every purpose of parochial regulation and building a Workhouse, and the power thereof fuffieienlly extensive; and that the present Bill has originated with only a few of the Directors, unknown to the major part of such Directors and the Parish at large* and contains powers and provisions w holly new and unprecedented, and, if palfed into a Law, will in many respects be highly prejudicial to the interests of the Parishioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by them-fdves or counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a second time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think lit.

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition. .

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, 28° die;

Anno 45* Georgii III‘" Regis, 1805. Prayers.

MR. George Vanjittart reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 4th and 24th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shilling ford, in the County of Oxford, through IToiling ford and Pangborne, to Reading, in the County of Berks -, and for building a Bridge over the River Thames at or near Shilling ford Ferry, was committed j and to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments w ere once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. '

A Bill for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers of certain Acts, for making and maintaining the Grand Junction Canal, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Praecl, the Earl Temple, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. John Sullivan reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of divers Inhabitants of the lately difaflorested Forclt or Chafe of Need wood, in the County of Stafford, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the fame was read; and is as ffilloweth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition:—Robert John Harpur, Esquire, Axe Bearer of the said Forest, being examined, said, That iu consequence of the Inclo-

fur*

Sh:!Iingford and Reading Road Bill, reported.

Grand Junction Canal Company’s Bill, committed.

N^edwood

Chapel

Petition,

reported.

Lanark Roads Bill, passed.

Sutherland Roads Bill, reported.

Part of

Order for

Edinburgh Royalty, &c.

Hill,

discharged.

176

280 Martii. ' A. 1805.

fare of the said Forest or Chase, a Track of Land, confiding of nearly ten thousand acres, is about to be brought into a date of cultivation, whereby a new and progressively increasing population may be expected to arise; and that many parts of the said Forest or Chase are at a very great and inconvenient distance from the surrounding Parish Churches, and which being already appropriated and occupied, will not admit a new influx of People; and it would be most beneficial to the Inhabitants of the said Forest or Chase, if a Chapel was erected and built in some central part thereof, in order to be consecrated and set apart for public Worth ip; and that sundry of the said Inhabitants and others would be desirous of carrying this pious and laudable plan into execution, and of bearing the expence of erecting a Chapel within the said late Forest, if His Majesty were enabled to endow the fame with a sufficient quantity of Land in the said disafforested Forest or Chase, part of the possessions of the Dutchy of Lancaster, for the maintenance of a Minister to perform Divine Service there.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, to enable His Majesty to grant a part of His Majesty’s allotment of the disafforested Forest or Chase of in the County of Stafford, for the erection of a Church, and the endowment of a Minister thereof, and for building and establishing the said Church: And that Mr. John Sullivan and Mr. Praeddo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Limits of the Counties of , burgh and Lanark, to the Burgh of Lanark, in the County of Lanark, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making and maintaining a Road leading from the limits of the Counties of Edinburgh and Lanark, to the Burgh of Lanark, in the County of Lanark.

Ordered, That Lord Archibald Hamilton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Robert Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for aflefting the Proprietors of Land in the County of Sutherland, towards the expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein, as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the 43d year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland; for making a Turnpike Road from to the Ord,

and converting the Statute Labour of the said County into money, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the I Ioufe; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 5th day of this instant March, " That leave be given " to bring in a Bill for extending the Royalty of Edinburgh-,

"for building two new Churches therein; for limiting 11 the Rates payable for Water brought into the said City;

" and for raising a further sum of money for the improve-" ment of the Harbour of Leith," might be read:—And the fame being read;

And the House being informed, That the Petitioners for the said Bill were desirous not to proceed upon those parts of their Petition which relate to extending the Royalty of Edinburgh; to the building of two new Churches therein; and to limiting the Rates payable for Water brought into the said City;

Ordered, That so much of the said Order as relates thereto lie discharged.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Towns of Petition Manchester and Salford, in the County of Lancaster, was JfO*cting presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the oraLw: high prices of Provisions, particularly of Flour and Bread Corn: And praying for the repeal of an Act, made in the last Session, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Praed be added to the Gentlemen, Member who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pur- j4ded.'» suant to the Prayer of the Petition of several Owners of Find'" Estates in the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Indoiure£i; Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Thingdon, in the Parish of otherwise Finedon, in the County of Northampton.

Mr. Praed presented to the House, according to Order, Bin, a Bill for inclosing Ltnids in the Parish of Thingdon, Preftmed. otherwise Finedon, in the County of Northampton:—

And the fame was received; and read the first time

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

, I

■ t rf

ti

Poll*! 1 Nat. Bill ! reported, j

Mr. Pattefon reported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing James Samuel Pons, was committed; That with the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, Amendment* and found the same to be true; and that the Committee j

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- '

ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 29.7 Leave out " Parents within " and insert & 30.3 " natural-born Subjects of"

1. 32. Leave out " Parents within " and insert " natural-born Subjects of"

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

Co:

h

F*

Gin

Vf"!

C-i

jrs

fc,;

aBi

ki

far

Isdi

Sir John Newport presented to the House, according Ireland— . ,d

to Order, a Bill for the establishment of Provincial Afy-

hims for Lunatics and Idiots in Ireland :—And the fame p

was received; and read the first time. - 1

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. °"ra

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon ..

this day Sevennight. ' , '

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed. , 4 ;‘

, at*

An ingrossed Bill for repealing three Acts, passed in the 20th, 22d, and 26th years of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Stockton upon Tees to Darlington, and from thence to Barnard in the County of

Durham; and for reducing the said Acts into one, and for more effectually repairing the said Road; was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing three Acts, passed in the 20th, 22d, and 26th years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Stockton upon Tees to Darlington, and from thence to Barnard Castle, in the County of Durham, and for more effectually repairing the said Road.

Ordered, That Sir Ralph Milbanke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Stockton anl ‘bit Darlingtin ]jrl

Roads b 11, a

paiVcd.

lo-m

Or,

* Or

X ®l'il to be

tin

cf x

i<!

tl

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Addrstfrj for His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give resp^tTns tin, directions, that there be laid before this I Ioufe, a Copy Duke of s of the Attorney and Solicitor General’s Opinion, deli- Athoii. vered to the Privy Council, on his Grace the Duke of Athol!’s Claim for a further Compensation for the sale of the I fie of Man.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid before this I Ioufe, a Copy of the Order of the Lords Committee of the Privy Council, of the 31 ft of March last, respecting the Petition of the Duke of Asholl.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to 9 His

Or

Mlj

1

<?» 1 Rta eh.,

:it'j

4

J-

■f ti.

bhi

xcfpecting th Commander in Cnict at Bengal, prdured.

Ireland-*

Excise

Regulation

Bill,

prdsnted*

Ireland—* Promissory Notes Bill, prt fented.

Innkeeper!

Bill,

committed.

Spanish 'Trade Bill, fQinuviti cd.

45 Geo. III. 28° Martii. 177

His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Memorial of John Duke of in answer to the

Report of the Attorney and Solicitor General to the Privy Council on his Cafe.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 33d year of His present Majesty, for continuing in the East India Company, for a further term, the possession of the British territories in India, together with their exclusive trade, under certain limitations; for eii abliftiing further regulations for the government of the said territories, and the better administration of justice within the same; for appropriating to certain uses the revenues and profits of the said Company; and for making provision for the good order and government of the towns of Calcutta, Madras, and Bombay, might be read-And the fame being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act, so far as to enable the East India Company to appoint the Commander in Chief on the Bengal Establishment to be a Member of the Council of Fort William, in Bengal, notwithstanding the office of Governor General of Fort William and the office of Commander in Chief of all the Forces in India being vested in the same person: And that Lord Viscount Cpjdereagh, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Hol/ord, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Foster presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 40th year of His present Majesty, for better regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the conveyance and protestioi of certain Exciseable Goods therein mentioned, and to prevent Frauds by dealers in or retailers of such Goods, so far as the fame respect Permits for Spirits or Spirituous Liquors: And the fame was received; and read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Mr. Foster presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for restraining the uegoeiation of certain Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange in Ire1 and: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To -morrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed,

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistfence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on quartering Soldiers, be now read:—And the fame being read;—the said Bill was read a second time.-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to make valid certain Licences, granted by virtue of an Order in Council, for allowing the Im* portation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize from and to Spain, in Neutral Vetrc1s, and for indemnifying all Persons concerned in advising such Order, or granting or acting under such I icences, be new read:—And the fame being read;—the said Bill was read a second time.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve VOL. 60.

itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second American reading of the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited,

-and amend, an Act, passed in the 37th year of His present Majesty, for carrying into execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majesty and the United States of America, be now read:—»•

And the same being read;—the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Corhmiltee of the whole House, upon’ the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committeeou resolve itself into a Committee of the whole IToufe, upon p8r^e *^hlP* the Bill for granting to Foreign Ships put under His Ma- Bill, jesty’s protection, the privileges of Prize Ships, under certain regulations and restrictions, and for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies surrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the occupations of Merchants or Factors, for a time to be limited, be now read:—And the fame being. read;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon buu the Bill to permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships, for a time to be limited, be now read:—And the fame being read;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow. - y

t r t \

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee oil resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Customs the Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on Dutie* Bdb certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, or brought or carried coastwise within Great Britain, be now read:—And the fame being read; the House re-solved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. . '

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon rjE*ci^., the Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional UUe* ’ Duties of Excise in Great Britain> be now read:—-And the fame being read;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

■ Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committed.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they

Z * had

ITS

289—29° Martll

A. 1805.

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the Iloule will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Committeeo* Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to re/eai refoh’e itself into a Committee of tiro w hole House, to ipani/hwine. consider of so much of an Act, made 43 Geo. III. to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, as charges Duties on Spanish Wine imported into Great Britain, be now read: —And the fame being read;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. A lexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table *. Where the Re* port was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, be printed, for the Members of the House.

Lord Viscount Citftkreaghpresented to the House, Bill

according to Order, a Bill to enable the India Com- £^ftinsrtlie pany to appoint the Commander in Chief on the Bengal in°qhicf la Establishment to be a Member of the Council of Fort Bengal, William, in Bengal, notwithstanding the office of Go- preknted* vernor General of Fort William and the office of Commander in Chief of all the Forces in India being vested in the same person: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the'Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

And then the House 'adjourned till To-morrowr

, Morning, Ten of the clock.

Aceoun* of Additions ti> Public Debt# presented.

Mr. Hxtjkffon presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament:—An Account of all Additions which have been made to the annual Charge of the Public Debt by the interest of any Loan that hath been made, or Annuities created, subsequent to the pass-ing of an Act, 27 Geo. III. c. 13, as required by the 72d section of the said Act; and also an Estimate of the produce of the several Duties granted for defraying the charge incurred in respect of the fame, in the year ended the 5 th day of January 1805; with a duplicate thereof:— Clerk, Doctor in Divinity, and of several Inhabitants of ^oncA.

Veneris, 29° die;

Anno 45® Georgii III'11 Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

MR. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom Twickenham the Petition of the Reverend Samuel Hemming, chapel

Appendix,

(No. 42.)

The Lord* have agreed to

Heath Charnock. and Bolton Jtoads Bill# with Amendments.

Committee on

Militia eniiiting Bill.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed for the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and Mr.

Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from a place called Nightingales, in the Township of Heath Charnock, to the Bridge at the Weft end of the Town of Bolton in the Floors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned; with -some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords •desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

in the County of And that Mr. Baldwin and

The Order of the day being read, for the House to Mr. Lubbock do prepare, and bring in, the fame, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

the Bill for allowing a certain proportion of the Militia A Bill to continue the term and alter and enlarge the Lawton *nd in Great Britain voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty’s powers of two Acts, passed in the 3d and 23d years of Regular Forces; I Iis present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Lazo ton, committed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, in the County of Chester, to Burslem and That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair; Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein

...... mentioned, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Blackburne of LancMr. Stanley, &c,': And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

the Parish of Twickenham, in the County of was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followed); viz.

T o prove the Allegations of the said Petition:—Jeremiah Dyson, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Parish Church is not sufficiently spacious to contain the Inhabitants of the said Parish; and that several years ago it was deemed expedient to erect a Chapel at Montpellier Row, as an additional place of Public Word)ip, for the convenience of Houses at a distance from the said Parish Church:—And the Witness added, That the Parishioners are desirous, that the said Chapel should be consecrated as a Chapel of Ease to the said Parish Church.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to establish a Chapel of Ease to the Church of Twickenham,

The House divided. The Noes went forth.

reported.

Te,.OTfor«heV«s,^;^a, Wa1'-3-

Tellers for Ac Noes, } 49-

: So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refunded the Chair. ______ ....... ...

, ^r‘ Alexander reported from the Committee, That they Lancnjier, and other Roads therein mentioned,

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report^ when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had" made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

: The House proceeded to take into consideration the Lords Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, t^r^‘^n7nfB An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the ci<ani<*.k Road from a place called Nightingales, in the Township and Of Heath Charnock, to t he'Bridge at the Weft end of the w.*

1 own of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of

And the said Amendments were read; and are as fol-leweth; viz.

Pr. 93. 1. 27. Leave out " adjudged, observed," and insert "deemed."

After the second " and" insert " ffjall." Leave out n other Persons whatsoever," and insert " others," and in the fame line, and line 32, after " without,"

I. 28.

I 31.

insert

" being.'

Pr. ps-

i by

29" Maftii.

179

and

; Scotland-*

Excise Officers Incorporation

Bill,

prefeated*

The Lords ha?e paflei

Wertens* >iat. dill*

Haile’s flat. BilL

Vos’* Hat. Bill.

Inning’s Nat. BilL

v'A

:"i Barrow’s Hate Bill.

Hullt’s Jut. Bill, read.

! Mertens’ , tot. Bill, J read.

lwtng’a Hit. Bill, 4 »wL

Barrow’* Mate Bill, read.

Vos’j Bit. BiH, read.

Leith

torbourB3l,

Improvement of the Harbour of Leith: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolvedi That the Bill be read a second time.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Com- Report oa

mittee, to whom the Petition of Messrs. Chalmers and 1>e "sof Couie, of London, Merchants, was referred; That the ch timers and Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition* Cawie» and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared c'wi'ifih'8 to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Herrings* place; and afterwards delivered the fame, with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report vras read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report and Appendix, be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Report is inserted in the Appendix tO: this Volume. (No. 43.)

An in eroded Bill for regulating the Police of the City Edinburgh of Edinburgh and the adjoining Districts, and for other

45 Geo. III.

Pr.93. 1. 3i. Leave out * pleading the same,; insert <r pleaded."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time 5 were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire do carry

the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their LordshipSi

Mr. Ahercromby presented to the House, according to Older, a Bill for confirming the Charter, and enlarging the Powers of the Incorporation, of the Officers of Excise in Scotland t And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Itefolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr, Popham and Mr*

Smith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, Intituled, An Act for naturalizing Herman Mertensj to which the Lords desire purposes relating thereto, was read the third time, the concurrence of this House: And also, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

The Lords have paffod a Bill, intituled, An Act for be. An Act for regulating the Police of the City of Edin-. naturalizing Jacob Hu lie; to which the Lords desire the burgh and the adjoining Districts, and for other purposes concurrence of this House: And also, relating thereto.

The Lords have pa‘fed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Ordered, That Mr. Abercromby do carry the Bill to the naturalizing llermanus Vos-, to which the Lords desire Lords, and desire their concurrence, the concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jacob William Liming; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling 'Thomas Barrow, Esquire, and the person and

?ersons for the time being respectively entitled to the reehold in possession of and in the moiety of certain noon, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

Estates in Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lan* caster, under the will of William Barrow, deceased* to grant and convey the fame moiety in fee simple for building upon, or otherwise improving the same, reserving rents, or to make building leases thereof, or to join with the owner or owners, for the time being, of the other moiety thereof in making such grants and conveyances, or leases, respectively; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the several Hamlets of wftichford Which ford, Afcott, and Stowerton, in the Parish of Whichford, in the County of Warwick, was read a second time.

Be/olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, Eftcourt,

Mr. Mordaunt, &c.: And they are to meet this After-

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jacob Hulle, was read the first time.

Be/olved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Herman Mertens, was read the first time.

Be/olved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jacob William Liming, was read the first time.

Be/olved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the term and powers of Swindon and two Acts, passed in the 2d and 24th years of His present R^vd"g^j Majesty, for amending the Road from the Turnpike pafledr* Road at or near Swindon to Marlborough, and from Marlborough to Ever ley, in the County of was read

the third time.

Be/olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be*

An Act to enlarge the term and powers of two Acts* passed in the second and twenty-fourth years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road at or near Swindon to Marlborough, and from Marlborough to Ever ley, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Jo/huaSmith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into Rtporf oa further consideration the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the' further* Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing James Samuel eoafidereA. Pons, was committed, be now read:—And the fame being read; the House proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration:—And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a

enabling Thomas Barrow, Esquire, and the person and second time, were, upon the Question severally put there-persons lor the time being respectively entitled to the upon, agreed to by the House.

Freehold in possession of and in the moiety of certain

Estates in Manchester, in the Comity Palatine of Imh-

casler, under the will of William Barrow, deceased, to grant and convey the fame moiety in fee simple for building upon, or otherwise improving the same, referring wnts, or to make building leases thereof or to join with the owner or owners, for the time being, of the other

Be/olved, That an humble Address be presented to His for

Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give di- Proceeding#

rest ions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of council

the Proceedings had before the Privy Council, on respeaingth*

Petition of his Grace John Duke of Athol!, for a further

compensation for the sale of the feudal rights of the Isle moiety thereof, in making such grants and conveyances, 0j/jan jn

or leases, respectively, was read the first time. OrdeThat the said Address be presented to His Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Majest/s most Honourable Privy Council.

naturalizing Hermanus Vos, was read the first time.

Be/olved, That the Bill be read a second time. Mr. Ro/e presented to the House, pursuant to their Smart on

Address to His Majesty:—A Copy of the Report of the Mr. Abercromby prefepted to the House, according tq Lords of the Committee of His Majesty’s most Honour- aLu,

Older, a Bill for raising a further sum of money for the able Privy Council, dated the 21ft 1804, upon the pw&awO.

Yqi* 60. n Petition

29° Martii. . 1805,

Petition of the Duke of AthoU to His MajestyAnd the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Paper be printed, for the Members of the House.

» The said Paper is preserved amongst the other * Papers of this Session.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to

Treaty&U re ^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon raty ' the Bill to continue for a time to be limited, and amend, an Act passed in the 3 7th year of His present Majesty, for carrying into execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majesty atnd the United States of America, be now read:—And the fame being read; the House resolved itiielf into the said Committee, i Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday

next.

ovmnutttewi Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to make valid certain Licences, granted by virtue of an Order in Council, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize from and to Spain, in Neutral Vessels, and for indemnifying all Persons concerned in advising such Order, or granting or acting under fitch Licences, be now read:—And the fame being read;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

ported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of all Dollars issued by the Bank of England, to the latest period that the fame can be made up. ordered. ’

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred rA®. to consider of so much of an Act, made 43 Geo. III. to Spajwuwia. repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, as charges Duties on Spdni/h Wine imported into Great Britain, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That . the several Duties and Drawbacks of Customs now charged or allowed on the Importation or Exportation of French Wine, shall be charged or allowed on the Importation or Exportation of Spanish Red Wine into or from Great Britain.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Rose, Mr. Sturge Bourne, and Mr. Hujkiffon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

’ )U

l ;r i

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and Mr. The lords Smith: baveagteedB

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lepcy Dot; for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties in Great Britain, on certain Legacies; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

JAr

C.’f;'

Foreign ships Ordered, That Mr. Sturges Bourne do make the Re-»>«}*• port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom •reported. the Bill for granting to Foreign Ships put under His Majesty’s protection, the privileges of Prize Ships, under certain regulations and restrictions, and for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies surrendered to His Majesty, to exercise the occupations of Merchants or Factors, for a time to be limited, was committed.

' Mr. Sturges Bourne accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time - upon Monday next.

V(ntni ship* Ordered, That Mr. Sturges Bourne do make the Re-BiH, port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom rrported. tj,e gjj to peni, it the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships, for a time to be limited, was committed.

Mr. Sturges Bourne accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be re-

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Customs Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for EKniese^‘l!' granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain rep° Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, or brought or carried coastwise within Great Britain, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which the}’ had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fevc-rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be' read the third time upon Monday next.

1

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for iretarrf—j allowing a certain proportion of the iMilitia in Ireland voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty’s I'ofdes, Artillery, ordered * and Royal Marines: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Secretary at War, Lord V'fcount Cajl'.e-reagh, Mr. Foster, and the Lord I)e Blaquicre, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reporte d from the Ex^nf- Duar Committee of the whole House, to whom th e Bill for granting to His Majesty several additional 1 duties, of Excise in Great Britain, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made so the i^ill, and 7 which

45 Geo. IIL 296 A prills.

181

IrhnJ-l‘i:.! >r ifj i m of I-.'! J>,

r^;atwd.

,vhich they had directed him W report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where* the Amendments were once read throughout; and- then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Q n eft ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the I louse.

Ordered, T! uvt the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroded.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Mr. James Fitzgerald presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more eafv obtaining partition of Lands, subject to ascertained Rights of Common in Ireland: And the fame was received; and read the firli time.

Rejbked, That the Bill he read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Wednesday the itt day of May next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

5,ii Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second

tiering the reading of the Bill, to enable the India Company to appoint the Commander in Chief on the Bengal Establish-B :t ii, ment to be a Member of the Council of Fort William, in uxiaittfd. Bengal, notwithstanding the office of Governor General off 'art William and the office of Commander in Chief of all the Forces in India being vested in the same Person, be now read :—And the fame being read ;—the said Bill was read a second time.

Refilled, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Befolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

tmorton Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into nii'UtT Bill ^urt^ei consideration the Report from the Committee of further ' ’ die whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing a certain Dnfidtred. proportion of the Militia in Great Britain voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty’s Regular Forces, was committed, be now read:—And the fame being read; the House proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration :—And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing, that where the number of Men serving for Parishes shall by enlisting not correspond with the apportionment, the Lieutenancy may regulate the ftipplying future vacancies accordingly.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Serjeant or Corporal ilia.ll enlilt as such into the Artillery.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to he added to the Bill, for railing Men who may become deficient in the Militia under the Defence Act of last Session.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;—It passed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bitl, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, and upon further considering the Report, be printed, for the Members of the House.

k. The Order of the day being read, for the House to

d- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider further of the Supply granted to 1 Iis Majesty; VOL. 6o.

Befolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to Ways ani resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to deferred, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

" Befolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill to amend an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland— Ireland in the 40th year of IIis present Majesty, for better regulating the iffiting and granting of Permits and Bill,

Cert ideates for the conveyance and protection of certain committed. Exciseable Goods therein mentioned, and to prevent Frauds by dealers in, or retailers of, such Goods, so far as the fame respect Permits for Spirits or Spirituous Liquors, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed. '

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for restraining the negociation of certain Pro- Ireland— miffory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange in Ireland, was, according to Order, read a second time. committed*

Befolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of thd whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday the 25th day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to Innkeepers resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon . j?'11, the Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid e erre * to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Ireland— House; according to Order, a Bill for allowing a certain Militia proportion of the Militia in Ireland voluntarily to enlist preiintld. * ’ into His Majesty’s Forces, Artillery, and Royal Marines:

And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That that the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the clock.

Lima', 1° die Ap;

Anno 450 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

SI R Jacob Henry Aftley reported from the Committee, Bnmftesd

to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish Inc|°*ure Bill, of Bruvjtead, in the County of Norfolk, was com- rC{'orted*

milted; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their content to the Bill, to the fa I is faction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of an F.irate alTelled to the I a ml Tax at 3 annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also the Proprietors of Estates alleifed at £. iq. 1 o v. who were neuter; and that the whole property belonging to perfects interested in the Inclosure is afleffod at 221 per annum; and that no person appeared before the Com- * mittee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the

3 A House;

182

1° April

A. 1805.

House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Tailing Sir Jacob Ilenrt/ Ajlley reported from the Committee, Inclosure Bill, w|lom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of report*. Palling, in the County of Norfolk, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the

Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Lee Warner's Sir Jacob' Ilenri/ Aflley reported from the Committee, Name Bill, whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

rC pair'd!an Act to enable Daniel Henry Woodward, Esquire, and his fons and their issue and defeendants, to use the fumame of Lee Warner, and to use the arms of the family of Henry Lee Warner, Esquire, deceased, pursuant to the will of the said Henn/ Lee Warner, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:—And the said Bill was read the third

Gillingham, A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Gillingham TncioAire Bin Saint Mary, Gillingham All Saints, Winston, and Winded,

committed.' ’ in the County of Norfolk, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jacob Henri/ Aflley, Mr. Coke Norfolk, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

TpfwichPort Lord Viscount Brome reported from the Committee, «pomd. to whom the Petition of several Merchants and Traders residing in or near the Town and Borough of Ipswich> in

the County of Suffolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as folknveth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition:—Mr. Richard Crawley being examined, said, That the Port of the said Town is very incommodious and unsafe for Ships and Vessels, and inadequate, to the Trade and Commerce thereof; and that the approach from the Sea to the said Port by the River Orwell, is become inconvenient and dangerous; and if the said Port was deepened, widened, and improved, and proper regulations made for the mooring and unmooring, loading and unloading, of Ships and Vessels, and for the lafety of Goods and Merchandize on the Wharf's and Quays belonging to the said Port, and for the government and good conduct of all Pt-rfons employed on the said River, or plying in the said Town, and also for removing and preventing Nuisances and Encroachments in the liberties of the said River, Town, or Port, the fame would be very beneficial to the Persons concerned in the Trade and Commerce thereof, and to the Public in general.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for improving and rendering more commodious the Port of

Ipswich, in the County of Su ffolk: And that Lord Vif-ebunt Brome and Sir Thomas Charles do pre-

-v 3

pare, and bring, in the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne of be added Member

to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and. jf°

bring in, a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and felling or dif- Stockport posing of the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Manor, indofure,

time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Jacob Henry Afiley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Barony, Town, and Township of Stockport, in the County Palatine of Chester, and for applying the Money to arise thereby for the benefit of the said Town, and for other purposes relating thereto.

Mr. Blackburne presented to the House, according to Bill, Order, the said Bill: And the fame was received; and presented. read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Petition A Petition of Robert Carrick, of Braco, Banker in

Glasgow, in the County of Lanark, was presented to the Harbour,"dec. House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for erecting Bill and maintaining a Harbour, Docks, and other Works, at Ardroffan, in the County of Ayr-, and setting forth. That if the fame should pais into a Law as it now Hands, it would materially injure the property of the Petitioner: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by him-lelf, his counsel, or agents, against such parts of the said Bill as affect his interests.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, his counsel, or agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inftrnftion to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have voices.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Rufhock

in the County of Worcester, was read a second time. committeAlU' Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Black- commi burneof Lancashire, Mr. John William Ward, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Blidworlh, Blid worth in t he County of Nottingham, was read a second time. incioiure Bil!,

Refohvd,r't\\ai the Bill be committed to Mr. Black- conwl"u burne of I^ancashire, Mr. Pierrenonf, &c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Com- Dopcke‘$ mittee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing George James Dopcke, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

OrderedJYJxaX Mr. Dick/ns be added to the Gentlemen, Member who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pur- \n suant to the prayer of the Petition of several Owners of Cranford Lands in the Manor and Lordship of Cranford Saint Incioiure EiB. John, in the County of Northampton.

Air. Dickins presented to the House, according to Bill. Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Prtl*ate Parish of Cranford Saint John, in the County of Northampton: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Aa

45 Geo. HI.

.tr>, An ingrossed Bill to enable Robert of Pall

Jttriy Bill> Mall, in the City of Westminster, Esquire, to dispose of f*>-rcd- his collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, together with several Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, by way of chance, was read the third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, determined by way of Ryder, for enabling the Trustees to pay the Money arising from the sale of Tickets into the Bank of England.

And the said Clause w as thrice read; and, upon the Quell ion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for appointing persons to certify the completion of the articles.

And the said Clause w as thrice read; and, upon the Question put. thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for appointing other persons to certify the fame, in case of the death of any of the persons before appointed.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for empowering the Trustees to proceed in execution of the Act, when the Certificate shall have been published.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. i. 1 35. After " publish" to insert " and hath " nearly completed."

Pr. 5. 1.28A To leave out " George Groote, of 29A " Threadncedle-street. in the City of & 30.) London," and insert " Thomas

" Philip Hampfon, of Cumberland " Place in the said Parish of Saint " Mary-," instead thereof. Pr. 7. L 3. After " as" to insert " lait."

1.11. To leave out " George. " and

insert " Thomas Philip Hampfon," instead thereof.

Pr. 10, 1. 25. To leave out " George " and

insert " Thomas Philip instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereuoon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Robert Boioyer, of Pa'I Mall, in the City of Westminster, Esquire, to dispose of his collection

of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, together with several Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, by way of chance.

Ordered, That Mr. Peter William Baker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

jilhilis, tec. Lord Archibald Hamilton reported from the Commit-wted!"’ *ee»to whom the Bill for continuing the term and altering the powers of so much of two Acts, made in the 12th and 32d years of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Inglifon Bridge, by Biggar, to L('adhills, and to the confines of the County of Lanark, and for making and maintaining a new Road from to the con-

fines of the County of Mid Lothian, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to teport to the House •, and he read the Report in his place > and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a feeond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

183

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

The House being informed, that Mr. Parnell, from the Ireland-Office of the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Charges outstanding against the consolidated Balance of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, on the 5th Fund, of January 1805; spepifying whether any, and which of them, have been since paid: And also,

The Particulars of the Unfunded Debt of Ireland, on Unfunded 5th January 1805.

And then he withdrew: And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Papers he printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Papers are inserted, in the Appendix to this Appendix, volume. (No. 44.)

The House being informed, that Mr. Hase, from the Account of Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended the5Bank

at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented p^ented*." ’ to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all Dollars issuetl by the Bank of England, to the latell period that the fame can be made up.

And then he withdrew :—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to Appendix, this Volume. ’ (No. 45.)

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Neutral Ship* reading of the ingrossed Bill to permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America, p* e * belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships, for a time to be limited, be now read :-r-And the fame being read; the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships, -

during the present War, and until six months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence,

Mr. John Smith, according to Order, reported from the American Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Treat>' Bill, continue, for a time to be limited, and amend, an Act, rcportea' passed in the 37th year of His present Majesty, for carrying into execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and ' Navigation, between His Majesty and the United States of America, was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

__ \

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Foreign sl ips reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting to Foreign Ships put under His Maj city’s protection, the privileges of Prize Ships, under certain regulations and restrictions, and for allowing Aliens in Foreign Colonies l’urrendered to His Majesty, to exerciiothe occupations of Merchants or Factors, fora time to be limited; be now read :—And the fame being read ;—the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for granting to Foreign Ships put under His

12 Mujeiiy’*

V Aprilis

Spanish Trade Bill, passed.

Committee on Innkeepers Bill,

petition for leave to present a Petition respwfling Broad llairs Pier.

J.tave given.

Petition pie fented.

184

1° Apri

A. 1805.

Majesty’s protection, the privileges of Prize Ships, under And it is referred to the Lord Sir Philip

certain regulations and restrictions, and for allowing Stevens, & c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morn-Aliens in Foreign Colonies surrendered to His Majesty, to ing, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; exercise the occupations of Merchants or Factors, during and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records, the present'War, and until six months after the Ratifi-

cation of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from Lord Viscount Melville to the Commis- Leuerirom

Copy of

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill to make valid certain Licences granted by virtue of an Order in Council, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain

sioners of Enquiry, appointed by Act 43 Geo. III. c. 16, dated 28th March 1805, and of any proceedings had thereupon, or any answer thereto, by the said Commissioners.

Lord

Melville,

ordered.

&le

with

}ji2b

Kerr

rtised-

p;',0DS

sj lr’-

nxli

Hc-a*:

11

Petitioa

against

\ Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Lands,

Goods and Merchandize from and to Spain, in Neutral Tenements, and Hereditaments, near or adjoining to the G -

~ Grand Junction Canal and Collateral Cuts belonging tion^Mal'"

thereto, and of several other Persons engaged and inte- CoPan>'-«

Vessels, and for indemnifying all Persons concerned in advising such Order, or granting or acting ;under such Licences, be now read:—And the fame being read ;—the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to make valid certain Licences granted by virtue of an Orderin Council, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize from and to Spain, in Neutral Vessels; and for indemnifying all Persons concerned in advising such Order, or granting or acting under such Licences.

Ordered, That Mr Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to refol vc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid

rested in the navigation of the fame Canal and Collat eral Cuts, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers of certain Acts, fur making and maintaining the Grand Junction Canal; and setting forth. That the fame contains many clauses and provisions which will be highly detrimental not only to the interest of the Petitioners, but also, in many in fiances, to the Public at large: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, agents, or counsel, again!! such parts of the said Bill as affect their interests.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners he heard, by themselves, agents, or connfel, before the said Committee,

Bill.

to Innkeepers and others, on quartering Soldiers, be now upon their Petition, if they think lit

read :—And the fame being read;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. St urges Bourne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sturges Bourne reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had di rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, again!! the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have voices.

A Petition of several Commissioners for putting into execution an Act, made 32 Geo. III. for repairing and

A Motion was made, and the Quell ion being pro- Evidence, &c, posed, That there he laid before this House, a Copy of Cornelius the Evidence and Proceedings taken before the House of Grogan, Commons of Ireland, upon an Act, passed 38 Geo. III. ordered, attainting Cornelius Grogan, Esquire, of John's Town, in the County of Wexford, of High Treason, so far as the said Proceedings regard the said Cornelius Grogan;

A Motion was made, and the Question was pro-

rebuilding the Pier adjoining to the Harbour of Broad posed. That the other Orders of the day be now read.

Stairs, in the Isle of Thanet, and for other purposes relating thereto, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Commissioners appointed by the said Act, have borrowed considerable sums of Money on the credit of the Tolls and Duties thereby granted; and that the several Piers and other Works in the said Harbour are now in want of considerable repairs, and such Harbour requires many alterations and improvements, in order to afford safe and commodious moorings for vessels coming into the fame; but such alterations and improvements cannot be made, or the works and repairs now absolutely

And the said Motion was, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Evidence and Proceedings ta’:en before the House of Commons of Ireland, upon an Act, passed 38 Geo. III. attainting Cornelius Grogan, El quire, of John's Tenon, in the County of Wexford, of High Treason, so far as the said Proceedings regard the said Cornelius Grogan.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the Particulars of the Expences incurred for

necessary for the preservation of the said Harbour be. Criminal Profeculions in Ireland, conducted at the executed, except such Tolls and Duties are increased, Expence of the Crown, from ift January 1795 to ill and the powers and provisions of the said Act altered and January 1801.

Return—

Criminal Proiccntions in Ireland, ordered.

enlarged; and that the necessity of such instant repairs was not discovered before the time limited by the House for receiving Petitions for private Bills had expired: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to present a Petition, for leave to bring in a Bill for effecting such several purposes.

Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular cir

A Message from the Lords, determined by Mr. Simeon and Mr. Tl>e Loros Cox: ' . W agreed!®

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Pengiteand

for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the

powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-fir!! year of his Road Bill.

cum fiances set forth in the said Petition, leave be given late Majesty, and the ninth year of H is present Majesty,

to present a Petition, as desired.

Then a Petition of the said several Persons was presented to the House, and read; containing the fame Allegations as the preceding Petition: And praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

for amending the Road leading from Pengate to and

Bridge, and other Roads therein described, in the County of Wilts, so far as the same relate to the First District of Road therein-mentioned, and for amending other Roads near or adjoining to the said Roads; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes o and Steventon, in the County of Bedford-, without any Amendments And also, -

The

Carlton,

Inc.olurcBiB*

j

185

Sale inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

Return

jtfpccting Per Jons in Confinement in Ireland, to be laid before the House forthwith#

Militia

enliuin^ Bill, passed.

45-Geo. III. 1 °Aprilis.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in thcTowuship of Sale, in the Parish of A//don upon Merjci),in the County Palatine of;

with fume Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon the nth day of February last, for laying before this House, a Return from the several Sherills, Gaolers, and all oilier Perl'ons, Keepers of places of Confinement in Ireland, and Commanders of Prison Ships, of the different Persons who have been detained in or committed to their custody fmee the 23d day of July 1803, under the authority of any Act or Acts passed in the last and preceding Sessions of Parliament, empowering the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall ful'pest of conspiring against His Majesty’s Person and Government, might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Return be laid before this House forthwith.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Great Britain, voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty’s Regular Forces, he now read:— And tl ie fame being read;—the said Rill was read the third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for settlement of allowances to Wives and Families of Militia Men, who may enlist into the Regular Forc es.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 5. After " Forces" to insert " and Royal " Marines."

L 19. After " Forces" to insert " and Royal " Marines."

1. 35. To leave out " Battalions of Artillery." ]. 14. To leave out " Battalion."

1. 23. To leave out " Battalion."

1. 30. To leave out " Battalion."

1. 30. To leave out " Battalion."

1.14. To leave out " Battalion."

1. 7. To leave out " Battalion."

1. 2i. To leave out " Battalion."

1. 28. To leave out " Battalion."

Pr.

Pr.

Pr.

Pr.

Pr.

Pr. 7 Pr.

Pr.

1.3s-1

& 39-i

1. IO.

1. 30. 8. 1. 6.

1- 37-9- j- 3-

'D'

1.30.]

1-34-Pr. 10. 1. 16.

h 25. Pr. 1 r. 1. 3. Pr. 12. 1. 18.7 & 19J Pr. 13. 1. 7.7. &.

« L3x* Pr. 15. 1.10.

1. 26.

1. 29.

1. 32. 1-35-1- 39-Pr. 16. 1. 4.

1. 10.

1. 13. VOL. 60.

To leave out " Battalion."

To leave out " Battalion." To leave out " Battalion." To leave out " Battalion." To leave out " Battalion." To leave out " Battalion." To leave out Battalion."

To leave out " Battalion."

To lejne out " Battalion." To leave out " Battalion." To leave out " Battalion." To leave out " Battalion."

To leave out " Battalion."

To leave out " Battalion."

To leave out " Battalion." To leave out " Battalion." To leave out " Battalion." To leave out " Battalion." To leave out " Battalion." To leave out " Battalion." To leave out " Battalion." To leave out " Battalion." To leave out " Battalion." To leave out " Battalion."

Pr. 1 6. 1. 32. Pr. 17. 1.14.

1. 16.

1. 19.

1. 23.

To leave out " Battalion."

After " any" to insert " Hundred or " other Division."

After " other" to insert " Hundred or " Division or."

After " respective" to insert " Hundreds, Divisions, or."

After " the" to insert " Lieutenant and."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Great Britain, voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty’s Regular Forces and Royal Marines.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Land Tax solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting into deferred, execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions,

Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1805; and an Act, made in the 38th year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1798;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday the 25th day of this instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the third reading Customs of the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, or brought or carried coastwise within Great Britain;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

The ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty several Excise additional Duties of Excise in Great was, according to Order, read the third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the,

Bill, by way of Ryder, for regulating the Drawback on Glass Ware exported to Ireland.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for subjecting the Manufacturers of Glass Ware to the Excise Laws.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for allowing the Act to be varied, altered, or repealed in the present Session.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the house, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. llufkijfondo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable °" the East India Company to appoint the Commander in commander Chief on the Bengal Establishment, to be-a Member of in ciiiet in the Council of Fort William in Bengal, notwithstanding Bensal> the Office of Governor General of William and the Office of Commander in Chief of all the Forces in India being vested in the same person.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lord Viscount Dunlo took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

3 B Lord

Supply,

deterred.

Ways and Means, deferred*

Ireland— Committee on Excise Regulation Bill.

treknd— Militia enlisting Bill, committed.

ortfmouth Gaol Petition, reported.

is<j

1°—2° April is.

A. 1805.

Lord Viscount Dunlo reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrolTcd.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a new Gaol in the Borough of Port/month, in the County of Southampton: And that Admiral Markham and Mr. Erskine do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-lider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 40th year of His present Majesty, for better regulating the ifliting and granting of Permits and Certificates for the conveyance and protection of certain Exciseable Goods therein mentioned, and to prevent frauds by dealers in, or retailers of, such Goods, so far as the fame respect Permits for Spirits or Spirituous Liquors.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Orm/bytook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Orm/byreported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Blackburne of Lancafhircreported from the Com- Rock Fen, mittee, to W’hom the Petition of Joseph While, of Old PctulDn» Bond Street, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover reportoi-Square, in the County of Midd/efex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Jones being examined, said. That the Petitioner is pofl’efled of the Manor of Higher in the Hundred of Wirrall, in the County Palatine of and

also of a Messuage or Dwelling House, with the Lands,

Ferry, Passage, Tolls, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, situate in the said Manor, and commonly called The Royal Rock Fern/, which premises he has greatly improved, and intends still further to improve, by extending a Pier, Slip, or Quay, into the River MerJ'ey, so that Persons, Horses, Cattle, Carriages and Goods, may be safely and expeditioully conveyed in Boats across the said River at all periods of the Tide, and particularly at Low Water; and that the Petitioner is possess’ed of the Land, to a considerable extent. North and South of the said Ferry, bounded on the East by the said River; and also of a House and Lands at Harrington, in Toxteth Park, in the County Palatine of where ho

intends to erect another Pier, Slip, or Quay, at which Persons, Horses, Cattle, Carriages, and Goods, may be safely put on board and landed at Low Water, and from which respective Piers, Slips, or Quays, they may be conveyed to or from the Cheshire and Lancashire ft tores J

The other Order of the day being read;—The Bill for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Ireland voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty’s Forces, Artillery, and Royal Marines, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

in all weathers; and that the Petitioner is willing to

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

complete and maintain all the said Works, on being allowed an adequate compensation, by way of Toll, from the Owners of bye Boats landing Persons, Horses, Cattle, Carriages and Goods, at the Piers to be erected by him.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for improving the paflkge between the Town of Liverpool and the County of Chefer, at the Ferry, on the

River Mersey, and for levying Tolls on Vessels using the fame: And that Mr. Blackburne and Mr. Egerton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mart is, 2° die A prills;

Anno 45® Georgii III‘a Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

ADMIRAL Markham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Inhabitant Householders of the Borough of in the County of Southampton, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as follow-eth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Boger Calloway, being examined, said. That the present Gaol of the said Borough, is inconvenient and insufficient, and not well adapted for the safe custody of the Prisoners generally confined therein; and that such in-fnfliciency hath been presented by the Grand Jury for the said Borough; and that the Petitioners are defuous of felling the present Gaol and erecting a new one in a more commodious situation, with proper outlets and avenues thereto.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Barrow’? enabling Thomas Barrow, Esquire, and the per foil and Estate Bilk

persons for the time being respectively entitled to the tommitu Freehold in possession of and in the Moiety of certain Estates in Manchester. in the County Palatine of I.an-

cafler, under the will of William Barrow, deceased, to . grant and convey the fame Moiety in lee simple for building upon, or otherwise improving the same, reserving rents, or to make building lcales thereof, or to join with the Owner or Owners, for the time being, of the other moiety thereof in making fuel) grants and conveyances or 1 eal’es, respectively, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Blackburne of Lancashire, Mr. Stanley,-ike.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

IS

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Lords Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Aes'.'fe‘1ient* An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Sale, in incbiureBiil, the Parish of Ashton upon Mersey, in the County Palatine agreed to. of Chester;—And the said Amendments were read; and

are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 9. Ln. After " Sale" insert " and also one " statute acre of the said Common " or Waste Land in such part " thereof as adjoins a certain Canal running through the said Common,

" and

Vos'# Nat* Bill, committed.

Hulle’i Nat. Bill, committed.

r' Merten's .7 Nat. Bill, committed.

i Inning's 1 Nat. Bill, t committed.

linfehoten' Nat. Bill, committed.

Dopcke'i Nat. Bill, faffed.

45 Gko. IIL 2° April is. 18?

* and formerly parcel thereof, late " the property of the most noble " Francis Duke of Bridgewater, de-" ceased, and now of the Trustees " named in the last will and testa-" ment of the said Duke of Bridge-" water, as the said Commissioners " shall think proper, from and out of " which said last mentioned piece of * Land, it shall and may be lawful " for the said Trustees, their Heirs, " and Assigns, but for no other person or persons whomsoever, to dig and take Stone, Gravel, Sand, and * other Materials, for the maintaining " and repairing the said Canal, and " the Banks and Towing Paths " thereof, and the Bridges across the fame; and for which the said " Trustees, their Heirs or Assigns, * shall not be subject or liable to " make any satisfaction or compen-* fat ion to any person or persons " whomsoever."

After " the" insert " said."

After " the" insert " said."

Leave out " and, " and insert " toge-" ther with."

Leave out from " shall" to " not" in " line 19."

After " not" insert " be."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne of do carry

the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Pr. 33. Pr. 34.

1. 19. 1. 2. 1. 11.

I. 15.

1.

*9-

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Hermanns Vos, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Alderman Combe, &c.: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jacob Hull', was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Alderman Combe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Herman Mertcns, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Alderman Combe, And

they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill frorp the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jacob William Lulling, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Baldwin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Francis Albert Leonard Stride van Linfehoten, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Baldivin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing George James,

was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing George James

Vol. 60.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bronstead Brunjtead, in the County of Norfolk, was read the third ln^.°([^e Bu!* time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be;

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Brunjleadi in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Jacob Henry Afiley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing 'Lands in the Parish of Palling Palling, in the County of Norfolk, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be;

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Palling, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Jacob Henry AJlley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Bill for confirming the Charter, and enlarging the Scotland— powers of the Incorporation of the Officers of Excise, in Officer* Scotland, was read a second time. 1 incorporation

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Abercromby, Mr. Robert Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for raising a further sum of Money for the Improvement of the Harbour of Leith, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Abercromby, Mr. Robert Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Leith Harbour Bill, committed.

Lord Viscount Brome presented to the House, accord— ipswich ing to Order, a Bill for improving and rendering more Por.t B, I[; commodious the Port of Ipswich, in the County of p en Suffolk: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Picrrcpont reported from the Committee, to whom Grantham the Bill for continuing the term, and altering and en- Ro*‘is jl!!i larging the powers, of two Atts, passed in the 32d year ap° e * of his late Majesty, and in the 7th year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Nottingham Trent Bridge, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Pyrford

in the Parishes of Pyrford and Chert feu, or one of them,

in the County of Surrey, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Fane,

Sir John Frederick, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for assessing the Proprietors of Land Sutherland in the County of Sutherland, towards the expenoe of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein, as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the 43d year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Higiilands of Scotland, for making a Turnpike Road from Portinleik to the Ord, and converting the Statute Labour of the said County into money, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An

Account of

Surplus Revenue of Isle of Man, presented.

Innkeepers

Bill,

reported.

Ireland — Excise Regulation Bill, reported.

Customs Duties Bill, passed.

American Treaty Bill, passed.

188 2° Apritis. . 1805.

An Act for afieffing the Proprietors of4 Land in the County of Sutherland, towards the expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein, as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an A fit of the 4 3d year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, for making a Turnpike Road from to the Ord,

and converting the Statute Labour of the said County into money.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Sturges Bourne presented to the House, a Paper,

intituled, " Return to an Order, dated 2 2d February " 1805, for an Account of the application of the Surplus " Revenue of the IJleqfMan, between the 5th of January " 1798 and the 5th of January 1804 —And the Title

Was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Paper be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr Sturges Bourne, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsisteuce to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Ormsby, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 40th year of His present Majesty, for better regulating the bluing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the conveyance and protection of certain Exciseable Goods therein mentioned, and to prevent frauds by dealers in or retailers of such goods, so far as the fame respect Permits for Spirits or Spirituous Liquors, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the I louse; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty additional Duties on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, or brought or carried coastwise within Great Britain, be now read:—And the fame being read ;—the said Bill tvas read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Duties within Great Britain on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, or brought or carried coastwise.

Ordered, That Mr. HnJkiJJon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The ingrossed Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, and amend an Act, passed in the 37 th year of His present Majesty, for carrying into execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majesty and the United States of America, wras, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to continue until the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and six, and amend an Act, passed in the thirty-seventh year of His present Majesty’s reign, for carrying into execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majesty and the United States of America.

Ordered, That Mr. Roje do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The ingrossed Bill to enable the East India Company Bill to appoint the Commander in Chief on the Bengal Commander' Establishment, to be a Member of the Council of Fort in Chief in William in Bengal, notwithstanding the office of Gover- BenS*> nor General of Fort William and the office of Commander p e in Chief of all the Forces in India being vested in the same Person, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Refobed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to enable the East India Company to appoint the Commander in Chief on the Bengal Efiabliffiment, to be a Member of the Council of Fort William in Bengal, notwithstanding the office of Governor General of Fort Wi'liam and the office of Commander in Chief of all the F01 -ces in India being vested in the same person.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Dunlo do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their concurrence.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to irelaa<j— resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Committees the Bill for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia eniiitblg Bill, in Ireland voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty’s Forces,

Artillery, and Royal Marines;—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sturges Bourne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sturges Bourne reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Bahington reported from the Committee, to whom Leicesterand the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Lei- fv("^roi’toa cejlerfiireand Northamptonshire FTnion Canal, was refer- Petition,

red; That the Committee had examined, and found that reported, the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where, the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the 33d year of His present Ma jest y, for making and maintaining the said Canal and a Collateral Cut, was read:—And Mr. Richard Edward Carter, being examined, said. That the Petitioners by virtue of the powers vested in them by the said Act, have made and completed a Navigation and Canal from the Leicester Navigation at or near the Weft Bridge in the said Town of Leicester to a place called Gumley Dehdale in the said County, being in

length sixteen miles, but have not as yet began to make the Collateral Cut and the Towing Paths on the fide or fides thereof, from the Leicestershire and Union Canal to or near the Town of Market Ilarhorough, as directed by the said Act.—Then, Mr. Thomas Telford, an Engineer, being examined, said, That it would greatly facilitate the execution of the said Undertaking, and would be attended with great benefit to the circumjacent Country and to the Public in general, if Powers were given to vary the line of the said Cut and Towing Paths, by commencing such Variation at or in a certain close of Land situate in the Lordship of Gumley, in the said

a . County 1

JraV-ing ir<

jjor.m^ton

R^d

Ptiition,

j^oried.

SMllin^ford in"* Reiding Road Fill, passed.

45 Geo. Ill•

189

County of Lcicrfer, the property of Ixibeus Charts Humfrey Clerk, and in the Occupation of Elizabeth Goodman, Widow, to and in a certain other Closeof Land situate in the Parish of Great in the said-County of Leicester, the property of John Benton, Esquire, in the

Occupation of Samuel Lenfon.— Mr. Carter being further examined, fa id. That, the said Act hath been found in several respects defective and infuftieient; and it is necessary that, the powers and provisions thereof should be altered, amended, and extended.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the and Northamptonshire Union Canal to vary the line of the fai<l Canal, and to alter and amend the powers of the Act passed for making the said Canal: And that Mr. t<m and Mr. Legit. Keck do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ellison reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trndees for executing two. Acts, made 4 and 24 Geo. III. for repairing and widening the Hoads from Spalding High Bridge to the Market Place in Donivgton, and from the tenth milestone in the Parish of Go/hertown, to the eighth mill. Hone in the Parish of lVig'oJ’t, in the County of L was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the Mouse, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petilion, and had directed him to report, the fame, as it appeared to them, to the house; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the dame was read; and is as followeth; i'iz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read :—And Mr. Samuel Din ham, being examined, said. That the Trustees have borrowed several sums of money on the credit of the Tolls, a conlidorable part of which Hill remains due; and that the said Dobt cannot be paid off and the said Hoads be etteetually amended and kept in repair unless the Term of the said Acts is continued, some of the powers and provisions thereof alt ered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bdl to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the Povt'ers, of two Acts, passed in the 4th and 24 th years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Hoads from •Spalding High Bridge to the Market Place in Donington, and from the tenth milestone in the Panlhof Gntbertoxcn, to the eighth milestone, in the Parish of WigtoJ't, in the County of Lincoln: And that Mr. Ellison and Mr. Cujl do prepare, and bring in, tire fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 3° Aprilis;

Mr. Henry Lafcellrs reported from the Committee, to Weflmotiar.d whom the Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 2d and reported. 24th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Kirkby Steven High Lone Head, in the County of WestmoCand, through Sedhergh, to Greet u Bridge in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Hoads therein mentioned, in the said County, and in the Counties of Fernand Wcjhnorland, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they-had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one determined by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House*

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for establishing a new Church or Chapel at Blaenavon, in the Parish of Lanover, in the County of Monmouth, was read a second time.

Be/'olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Morgan, Sir Bobert Sain (bury, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

LanoVcr Chapel Bill, committed.

Sir John William And erf on reported from the Com- London mittee, to whom the Bill for amending an Act, pa (fed in l!'

the 37th year of His present Majesty, to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the 31ft year of his late Majesty, for the due making of Bread, and to regu'ate the price and assize thereof, and to punish Persons who ft)a 11 adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread; so far as the fame relates to the assize and making of Bread to be sold in the City of LonJori and the Liberties there* of, and within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and ten miles of the Royal Exchange, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, wrhich they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read thronahout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed <0 by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Baldwin presented to the House, according to TwicV^inm Order, a Bill to ellablifti a Chapel of case to the Church ciup i teii, of Tivickenham, in the County of And the Prele":eJ-

fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, Thatphe Bill be read a second time.

Anno 45° Georgii IIItl1 Regis, 1805. Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 4th and 2 jth years ofllis present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shilling in the County of Oxford, through Wal ingford and Pangborne, to Reading in the County of Berks, and for building a Bridge over -the River Thames at or near S Ferry, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 4th and 24th years ofllis present Majesty, for repairing the Roar! from Sluduig ford in the County of Oxford, through Wallingford and Pangborne, to Reading in t he County of; and for building a Bridge over the River Thames at or near Shi ling ford Ferry.

Ordered, That Mr. Hughes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Vol, Co.

Mr. Babington presented to the House, according to icicester and Order, a Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of Nort/innipton the Leicestershire and Northampton/}) ire Union Canal to ^£^4’

vary the line of the said Canal, and to alter and amend y the Powers of the Act passed for making tim said Canal:

And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrafted Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Thur’r^h Thurleigh, in the County of Bedford, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And I hat the Title be.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in the County of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. St. Andrew St. John do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

1;

Mr. Manning reported from the Committee, to whom London Pock e Petition of several Directors of the London Dock Company-, amp any, was referred; That the Committee had exported, nined, and found that the said Petition is not w ituin the

Standi?

190

3* Apri

A. 1805.

Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give power for railing any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the line of the Canal; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had direct-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Stockton wj for repealing three Acts, passed in the twentieth, twenty- Islington second, and twenty-sixth years of the reign of King 'Uli* George the Second, for repairing the Road from Stockton upon Tees to Darlington, and from thence to

ed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the in the County of Durham, and for more effectually

1 Ioufe; and he re;ul the Report in his place; and after-

repairing the said Road; without any Amendment. And then the Messengers withdrew.

wards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz

To prove the Allegations of (he laid Petition, an Act, The House was moved. That an Act, made 43 Geo. passed in the 40th year of His present Majesty, for mak- III. for granting to His Majesty the sum of fifty thousand re,^in ing Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the pounds, for building Glebe Houses in Ireland, might be Glibe h*

Bill to

A&

read :—And the fame being read

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, to amend the said Act: And that Doctor Duigenan, Mr. Foster, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy P*p«* of a Power of Attorney, or other Inllmment, granted by the Lords of the Treasury to the present Lord Justice Clerk of Scotland, late Lord Advocate, to prosecute for, recover, and grant discharges for, all Balances due by

Pons Nat. Bill, passed, with Amendments,

greater accommodation and security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, in the Port of London; and all’o, an Act passed in the 4 ph year of His said Majesty, for raising a further lum of Money for carrying into execution the said former Act, were read :—And, George Robinson, Esquire, being examined, said, That great progress hath been made in executing the Works directed by the said first-mentioned Act, and the principal Dock thereby designed hath been tini/lied, and is now in use; but the whole of the said intended Works cannot be completed, unless (he Petitioners are authorized to raise an additional fmn of Money lor t hat purpose; and it is necessary that Admiral Keith Stewart to the Treasury at the time of his the said first-mentioned Aftihould be altered and amended, death.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all sums of money, or securities for money, paid and given by the Representatives of Admiral Keith Stewart to the said I-ord Justice Clerk, in pursuance of such Power of Attorney; specilying the times at which such sums or securities were so paid or given to him.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Account settled and discharged by the said I^ord Justice Clerk, with the Representatives of Admiral Keith Steicart, under the authority of the said Power of Attorney.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Petition or Petitions from the Town of to the Lords of the Treasury, for the grant of a sum of £.11,000, or some other sum, part of the Balance of the

House* in Ireland, ordered.

Keith

Stewart,

ordered.

and some further Powers granted to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the 40th year of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, other Works, for the greater accommodation and

am

security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London; and for extending the powers and provisions of the said Act: And that Mr. Manning, Mr. Charles Mills, and Mr. Dcvaynes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing James Samuel Rons, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pa ft

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the concurrence of their Lonhhips.

Burrell’s Ffutc B;il, fejvtru, and pulled.

Ordered, That Mr. Rattcfon do carry the Bill to the said Admiral Keith Steicart, for the purposes mentioned

in such Petition or Petitions; together with a Copy of the Reference made on that- subject by (lie Lords of the Treasury to the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

OrThat there be laid before this House, a Copy

of such farther Proceedings as may have been had by the Sir Henry Faulet St. John Mild may reported from the Lords of the Treasury for the recovery of any sum due to Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, the Public by the Representatives of the late Admiral intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates situate in the Keith Steicart.

Counties of Essex and Surrey, devised by the will of Sir William Burrell, Baronet, decealVd, in trustees, upon

trust to sell the same, and for laying out the Money . __

arising from the saie thereof in the purchase of Estates in Solicitor General of England, by direction of the Com- Solicitor the County of Sussex, to be settled to the tame uses as the missioners acting under the Lbiion Compensation Act, on °*"

Estates so fold, was committed; That the Committee the 16th of May 1801, relative to the Claims of the ordered.’

Attorney and Solicitor General of Ireland; together with the Copies of the Opinions of the Attorney and

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Cafe laid before His Majesty’s Attorney and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table :—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Paidet St. John Mildmay do

Solicitor General of England thereon.

The House being informed, that Mr Williams, Score- Letter from taiy to the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to and Answer the House, pursuant to their Order, of Commis-

A Copy of a Letter from Lord Viscount Melville to the Naval carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that Commissioners of Enquiry, appointed by Act 43 Geo. III. Enquiry, this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amend- " ’ " * " ’ "

The Lords have agreed to

Clackmannan and Perth Roads Bill.

meat.

A Message from the LorjJs, by Mr. Simeon and Mr. Stanley:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-fourth and thirty-seventh years of His present Majesty* for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Clackmannan ami Perth, and for making and keeping in repair several other Roads communicating therewith; without any Amendment: And also.

c. 16; datdd the 28th of March 1805; and of the Answer thereto, by the said Commissioners.

And the Title was read:—And the said Paper was also read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Tabic.

Ordered, That the said Paper be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of tin’s Session.

Ordered, That iherc be laid before this House, a Copy Further of a Letter from Sir Home Pophamto the Secretary

Oj; with its sir Home

the Admiralty, dated 25th February Enclosures.

Ordered,

Popham,

ordered.

45 Geo. III.

3d A prills*

191

Ordered, That there be laid before this Moitfe, a Copy of a Letter from the Navy Board to the Admiralty* dated i ft April 1805, in answer to Sir Home Ponhams Letter to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated 25th February 1805.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from Sir Home Popkam to the Navy Board, dated 28th February 1805.

Ireland—

Militia mliftinz Bill,

reported.

lider further of "Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into the said Committee. ‘

The Order of the day being read, for the third Rending of the ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 40th year of His present Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy Majesty, for better regulating the illiiing and granting of of a Letter from Sir Home Popham to the Navy Board, Permits and Certificates for the conveyance and proteo dated 26th March 1805; with the Answer of the Navy tion of certain Exciseable Goods therein ment l-'ncd, and Board. ' to prevent frauds by dealers in, or retailers of, such

Goods, so far as the fame refuel Permits for Spirits dr Mr. Sturges Bourne, according to Order, reported Spirituous Liquors;—The said Bill was read the third

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the time.

Bill for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Re/hived. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

Ireland voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty’s Forces, An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of Sep-Artillery, and Royal Marines, was committed; the tember one thousand eight hundred and five, and amend Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth and which they had directed him to report to the House; year of His present Majesty, for better regulating the and he read the Report in his plaee; and afterwards de- issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s conveyance and protection of certain Exciseable Goods Table: Where the Amendments were once read through- therein mentioned, and to prevent frauds by dealers in, out; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the or retailers of, such Goods, so far as the fame respects Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Permits for Spirits or Spirituous Liquors.

I louse. * Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Lords, and desire their concurrence, ingross’ed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To-

Ire'nnrt—

Excile

Regulation

bill,

passed.

Hetum of Men raised under Defence Actj ordered.

prele ited Excise.

Trill Hedton Bill, ptfcnted.

Mr. Fofler presented to the House, pttrfuant to the Ireland— directions of an Act of Parliament, Account*

An Account of the amount of Inland Excise Duties not payable by law until after the 5th January 1S05, and which are included in the Examiner of Excise’s Certificate to the Accountant General of the Year’s Duties to the said day: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Statement of the preceding Account—from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1805:"

And also,

A Paper, intituled, " General Statement of the pre-* ceding Account—from 5th January 1804 to 5th Janu-" ary 1805: " And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Stamp Office—An Account of " Cash due, and Stock not accounted for, by former * Distributors, on 5th January 1805. "

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Papers be printed, for the Mc-mbers of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Stamp*.

morrow.

Ordered, That there be laid before ties House, a Return of the number of effective Men raised under an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for 1 he Defewc of the Realm, and to provide " for augment ing His Majest y's regular Forces, and for the

« gradual reduction of the Militia of England, " from the

1 ft day of February last to the period of the last Returns, stating the number of efieftive Men raised per week; distinguishing the number provided in each County determined by the Parish Officers, from such as have been recruited on account of the Parishes by Officers in His Majesty’s service, and also specifying the number of elective Men raised under the said Act who have, within the above period, enlisted into His Majesty’s regular Forces for general service.

Mr. Bagrcell presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 35th year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Election of Members to fi n e in Parlia- A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint petition* in

ment, sofar as relates to Freeholds under the yearly value Man/ Lambeth, in the County of Surrey: And also, favour of

of twenty pounds, and for making further and other A Petition several Inhabitants of the Parish of c',n^er've,»

regulations relating thereto: And the fame was received; ham, in the County of Surrey: And also, Warerwork*

r Another Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of B*A

I Inn keeper* ! Bill,

1 passed.

Supply,

deterred.

W;

and

Me.

■ins,

d* ferret!,

and read the first tfme.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time, upon Tuesday the 7th day of May next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on quartering Soldiers, be now road :—And the fame being read ;—the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on quartering Soldiers.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Thc, Order of the day being read, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-

VOL Co.

Saint Mary Lambeth, in the County of Surrey: And also,

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Hewing ton, in the County of Surrey: And also,

A Petition of several Inliab:tants of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey: And also,

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Camberwell, in the County of Surrey ;•

Were federally presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for fwpplying the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Giles Camberwell, and parts of the Parish of Saint Man/'s Lambeth, and fev eral other Parishes and Places in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, with Water: And praying that the fame mav pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to fie upon the Table.

Sir John William Anderfov reported from the Committee, to whom the ingross’ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Nat. b; i.

An Act for naturalizing Francis Albert Leonard Strick "........

van Linfchoten, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame

reported, and passed.

192

3"—4° ApriUs.

A. 1803.

fame to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table :—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved,'That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John William do carry the

Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Luning’s Sir John William Anders reported from the Commit-re'1 rfed'and *ce> to "'h°in the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, paired.’411 An Act for naturalizing Jacob William was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true *, and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 4° die Aprilis;

Anno 45°Georgii III"1 Regis, 1805. Prayers.

Carmarthen TR. TIamlyn Williams reported from the Committee, Fifticrie"liil! '*-’-1. to whom the Bill for better regulating the taking reported. ’ of Salmon and other Fish in certain Rivers in the County of Carmarthen, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Swaton Sir Robert John Buxton reported from the Committee, iiieioiure B:l}, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of repo - . Swaton, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee'; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one: And, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Hulls'*

Nat. Bill, reported, and passed.

Sir John WiTiam Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Jacob Hulle, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That. Sir Jo\n William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame without any Amendment.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Nat Bl". An Act for naturalizing Herman Martens, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the- Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table :•—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Cd

git

An ingrossed Bill for amending an Act, passed in the London 37th year of His present Majesty, to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the 31ft year of his late Majesty, for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the price and assize thereof, and to purflfh Persons Who fimil adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread; so far as the fame relates to the assize and making of Bread to be sold in the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and ten miles of the Royal Exchange, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the 37th year of His present Majesty, to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the 31ft year of his late Majesty, for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the price and assize thereof, and to punish Persons who tiia'l adulterate Meal,

Flour, or Bread; so far as the fame rekites to tlm afti/e and making of Bread to be sold in the City of l.ondon and the Liberties thereof, and within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and ten miles of the Royal Exchange.

Ordered, That Sir John Wil'ia/n Anderson do cany the Bill to the Lords, and deft re their concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition o! several Owners of Etlates in the Parish of Lcngney, in the County

Member a<klc 1 to bring i.i Lon pity I licioiuru Bill*

of Crlouceft^r.

Sir John Frederick presented to the House, according Bill, to Order, a Bill for inclolhig Lands in the Puri/h of predated. Longnexu in the County of G!ou ejicr; And the fame was received; and read the Inf] time.

R-Jolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Trail reported from the Cornerttoo, to whom the SuMome Bill for ‘mc!orin r Lands in the Parish of Sndbomc, in the Bl

County of Sffiblk'w&f, committed; That- tly» Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to B’lfa oi IncIofnn\ had been complied;

with; and that the Committee laul examined the A!!e- . 5

gations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Comrrdtt',e; and that the Committee had pone through the Bill, and marie several j

Amendments thereunto, winch tin y had directed him to I

report to the House; and he rend the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, With the A monuments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were f

once read throughout; and then a second tune, one by

one; arid, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William EJford reported from the Committee, to Plymouth whom the Bill for the making, repairing, liditiing watch- '

ing, and watering certain Roads from the Bo:*o:u h ot Plymouth to Stonehouse Bridge and Plymru+h Drr [y in the County of Devon, and for regulatin'? the SnuuU and Fares of Hackney Coaches and Carts uship the fume., was committed; That the O rmnit*ee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fume to be true; i o and

D ized by L

nmtham Ov.tls Bill, polled*

Infwers to IddreiTes.

Ireland— Lunatics Bill, put off for ix months.

1 for the courage-nt of men, fented

'ifion for iesto ;esof ts of uralty, DC

dered.

45 Geo. IIL 4° Aprilis. 193

and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his place *, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill* with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 32d year of his late Majesty, and in the 7th of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Grantham in the County of Lincoln, to Nottingham Trent Bridge in the County of Nottingham was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 3 2d year of his late Majesty, and in the 7th year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Grantham in the County of Lincoln, to Nottingham Trent Bridge in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Lord Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That

their Addresses of Thursday and Friday last, (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give directions that the Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions accordingly.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading of the Bill for the establishment of Provincial Asylums for Lunatics and Idiots in Ireland;

, A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a second time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the word * now,'’ and at the end of the Question to add the words " upon this day six months."

And the Question being put. That the word " now," Hand part of the Question;—-It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the words " upon " this day six months," be added at the end of the Question;—It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Questioji, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon this day six months.

Sir William Scott presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty’s Navy: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read, a second time upon Tuesday next

The House was moved, That an Act, made 43 Geo. IIL for the encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty’s Navy; for regulating the payment of Prize Money; and for making provision for the Salaries of the Judges of the Vice-Admiralty Courts in the Island of Malta, and in the Bermuda and Bahama Islands, might be read:—And the fame being read;

And a Motion being made. That this House will, To-.morrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the Salaries of the Judges of the Vice-Admiralty Courts in the Istand of Malta, and in the Bermuda and Bahama Islands, and the enabling His Majesty to grant contin- gent Annuities to such Judges on their resignation;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Vol. 6a.

Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the subject matter of this Motion,' recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the third reading Ireland— of the ingrossed Bill for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Ireland voluntarily to enlist into His Ma- paOed. jesty’s Forces, Artillery, and Royal Marines ;—The said-Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Ireland voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty’s Forces and Royal Marines.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Order for a the 25th day of February last, " That there be laid before " this House, a Statement of the Sums expended in Great of Volunteers; " Britain for the Volunteer Service, between the ill day jp P11 " of June 1803 and the 1 ft day of January 1805; specify- c

" ing particularly how much thereof has been applied to " the following heads: Pay for Attendance at Drill—>

" Inspection—-Permanent Duty—Pay of Drill Serjeants,-" Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, Inspecting Field Officers,

* Brigadier Generals, Majors of Brigade, Aid de Camps,

" &c.—Cloathing—Arms, Accoutrements, Drums, &c.

" —Ammunition for Exercise—Money advanced by the " Receivers General of the Counties on account of the " Volunteer Service and, Deductions from the Horse " and Hair Powder Duties," might be read :—And the lame being read;

Ordered, That so much of the said Order as relates to Deductions from the Horse and Hair Powder Duties, be discharged.

Ordered, That that there be laid before this House, a Account* Statement of the mode of issuing the Funds applicable to the Volunteer Service, through the Office of the Agent ordered. * General, with an Accoant of the Expence of that Estab-liffiment, from the ift of June 1803 to the ift of January 1805; specifying the different Heads under which the fame has been.issued.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Pay to the Staff of the Volunteers, from the 24th of September 1804 to the ift of January 1805.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Simeon and Mr: The Lord* Stanley: have agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Custom* for granting to His Majesty additional Duties within Dutie*Kh. Great Britain on certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into, or brought or carried coastwise; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Excise for granting to, His Majesty several additional Duties of Duties Bill. Excise in Great Britain; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Weft Newton for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Weft in the inctofure Bill.

County of Norfolk; without any Amendment

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the term alid altering Leadhills, Ac. the powers of so much of two Acts, made in the 12th Roads Bill, and 32d years of His present Majesty, as relates to the passed* Road from Inglifton Bridge,*by' Biggar, to Leadhills, and to the confines of the County of Lanark, and for making and maintaining a new Road from Dolphbiton to the confines of the County of Mid Lothian, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for continuing the term and altering the powers of so much of two Acts, made in the twelfth and thirty-second years of His present Majesty, as relate to the Road from Inglifton Bridge, by Biggar, to Leadhills, and

3D 19

194 4°—59 Aprtlis. A. 1805.

to the confines of the County of Lanark, and for making of and Surrey, devised by the Will of Sir William and maintaining a continuation of the said Road from Burrell, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, upon trust to Dolphintonto the confines of the County of Edinburgh. sell the same, and for laying out the Money arising from Ordered, That Mr. Giles do cariy the Bill to the Lords, the sale thereof in the purchase of Estates in- the County and desire their concurrence. of to be settled to the same uses as the Estates so

And then the House ndjoumed till Tommorrow 0 A'Aa for ;,c1of Lands in (hc parisI|es of Carl,

Morning, Ten of the clock. and In the County of:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of " in the Parish of A/hton upon MetJ'ey, in the County Pala-

tine of Chester:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Weft ton, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act to enable Daniel Henry ,pfquire,

and his Sons and their issue and defeendants, to use the surnames of I we Warner, and to use the arms of the Royal Assent A MESS AGE by Mr. Quartnc, Yeoman Cflier of the family of Henry Lee Warner, Esquire, deceased, pursuant to Bills. xjL Black Rod: to the will of the said Henry Warner .♦

Mr. Speaker, ' An Act for naturalizing William Luning:

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Com*- An Act for naturalizing Francis Albert IwonardStrick

million, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts van Linfchoten:

agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate at- An Act for naturalizing Jacob:

tendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, An Act for naturalizing Herman Mertens.

to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to Ordered, That Lord Archibald Hamilton do carry to L«dhiiu &e. the House of Peers. ' the Lords the ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act for con- be cfmed

And being returned; tinuing the term and altering the powers of so much to the Lofoi.

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the desire of of two Acts, made in the 12th and 3 2d years of His the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Com- present Majesty, as relate to the Road from Ingliston million afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, Bridge, by to and to the confines of

where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, the County of Lanark, and for making and maintaining declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several a continuation of the said Road from Dolphinton to the Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also em- confines of the County of Edinburgh, and desire the powering His Royal Highnefe the Prince of Wales, their concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Royal Highnesses the Dukeof York, the Duke of Clarence,

the Duke of ■Km/', the Duke of the Duke of A Petition of several Proprietors and Occupiers of

Sussex, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of Gloucester, Land in the County of Berwick, was presented to the the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for repairing Roads Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and the Road leading from upon Tweed, by Ayton

notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Bridge, to Dutiglas Bridge, and also the Roads from Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Walsingham, and the and Preston Bridge, to join the said Road

Lord Auckland, named also in the said Commission, did at or near Cockbumfpath Tower, in tire County of Ber-accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the wick; and setting forth. That the lame contains clauses said Bills; which Bills are as followeth; viz. by which the Petitioners will be greatly injured: And

• An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Du- therefore praying, That they may be heard, by them-ties, within Great Britain, on certain Goods, Wares, selves, their Counsel, and Agents, against the said Bill, and Merchandize, imported into, or brought or carried Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coastwise: consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is

An Act for granting to His Majesty several additional committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by them-Duties of Excise in Great Britain: selves, their Counsel or Agents, before the said Commit-

An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp tee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Duties in Great Britain on certain Legacies: Ordered, That it. be an Instruction to the said Commit-

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving tee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the fame the Road from a place called Nightingales, in the Town- time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

ship of HeathCharnock, to the Bridge at the Weft end of Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee the Town of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine have Voices.

, of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned:

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and A Petition of the Master Pilots and Seamen of the Petition for enlarging the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the thirty- Trinity House of upon Tyne, was presented to

first year of his late Majesty, and the ninth year of His the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners petition for present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from are incorporated by divers Charters from the Crown,

Pengate to Latchett's Bridge, and other Roads therein and by virtue thereof do collect and receive, for keeping described, in the County of Wilts, so far as the same relate and repairing two Ljght-houses at North Shields, at or to the first District of Road therein mentioned, and for near the Port of Newcaf/e, certain Duties prescribed by amending other Roads near or adjoining to the said the said Charters to be paid by the owners of Ships or Roads: Vessels entering the said Port; and that the said Light-

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and honfes have, from alterations in the Channel and course enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the thirty- of the River, become ill-placed, and unfavourable to the fourth and thirty-seventh years of His present Majesty, safe navigating of Vessels; and it is necessary that two for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties new Light-houses should be erected, which will give a of Clackmannan and Perth, and for making and keeping different line of direction or leading mark to Ships entering in repair several other Roads communicating therewith: into or leaving the said Port; and that from the necessity

An Act for repealing three Acts, passed in the twen- of consulting and advising with a large and numerous tieth, twenty-second, and twenty-sixth years of the reign body of Men interested in the trade of the Port, and refid-of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from ing at different places, the Petitioners were not able to Stockton upon Tees to Darlington, and from, thence to present their Petition to the House before the day fixed Barnard Cafle, in the County of Durham, and for more for presenting Petitions for private Bills had expired: effectually repairing the said Road: And therefore praying for leave to present a Petition for

An Act for yetting certain Estates situate in the Counties a Bill for erecting the said proposed new Light-houses.

13 , Ordered,

Veneris, 5° die Aprilis;

Anno45" Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1805. Prayers.

D ized by

45 Geo. III. 5" Anrilis. 195

vea. Ordered, That in consideration of the particular eir-1V*6 ciinjftauces Fet forth in the said Petition, leave be given to present a Petition as desired.

Then a Petition of the said several Persons was pre-Uciitfd' fented to the House, and read; containing the fame Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill lor the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee r And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Matthew Ridley, Mr.

Brandling, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

4;mbfr Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin be added to the Gentle-nMeii to men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill Ssworth pursuant to the prayer of the Petition of William Collins, iciuiure Bill. Esquire, on behalf of himself and other Owners of a certain piece, plot, or allotment of hand or Ground, in the Paridi of Frolesworth, in the County of Leicester.

Bill, Mr. Baldwin presented to the House, according to

rtienied. Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in in the County of Leicester: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Rcfolied, That the Bill be read a second time.

Member Ordered, That Mr. Curzon be added to the Gentlemen, bnn?ii? who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pur-

Miiverton suant to the prayer of the Petition of several Owners of

kiomtcBUl. Estates in the Paridi of Milverton, in the County of Wanoick.

Bill, Mr. Curzon presented to the House, according to plaited. Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Paridi of Milver-

ton, in the County of Wanoick: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill for better regulating the taking of iiiknes Bill, Sa^on and other Fidi in certain Rivers in the County of paired. Carmarthen, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for the preservation of Salmon and other Fidi in the Rivers in the County of and County of the Borough of Carmarthen.

Ordered, That Mr. Hamlyn Williams do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

' i.jnis A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Simeon and Mr.

ii agreed to Stunk':

, Mr. Speaker,

Bl1' The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

minder*' *° eRable the East India Company to appoint the Com-cinefin mander in Chief on the Bengal Establishment to be a tI!g»l. Member of the Council of Fort William in Bengal, notwithstanding the Office of Governor General of Fort William and the Office of Commander in Chief of all the Forces in India being vested in the same person; without any Amendment: And also, nWgh The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act cc 1 ‘ for regulating the Police of the City of Edinburgh and the adjoining Districts, and for other purposes relating thereto; without any Amendment.: And also, nark The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act l11, for making and maintaining a Road leading from the limits of the Counties of Edinburgh and Lanark to the Burgh of Lanark, in the County of Lanark; without any Amendment: And also, relton he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act lure Bill. for inclosing Lands in the Paridi of Lea and

in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also,

% The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act lure Bill, for inclosing Lands in the Paridi o in the County of Norfolk-, without any Amendment: And also,

K.,’ The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act fweB‘u- Vol. 6o.

for inclosing Lands in the Paridi of Brunfield, in the County of Norfolk-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by Amendment* this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing NaeBiU, James Samuel Pons: And also,

The Lords havfe passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for taVepSfci naturalizing Henry John' Rucker; to which the Lords Rucker,# defrre the concurrence of this House. Nat. Bill,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the first BUI read, time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Sir Hew Daliympte Hamilton reported from the Com- Ardroflan mittee, to w’hom the Bill for erecting and maintaining Harbour, ire. a Harbour, Docks, and other works, at Ardrojfan, in the reporter!. County of Ayr, was committed; and to w hom the Petition of Robert Carrick, of Braco, Banker in Glasgow, in the County of Lanark, was referred; That, no Person appeared before the Committee in support of the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That, the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Henniker reported from the Committee, to Broadfbirs whom the Petition of several Commissioners for putting into execution an Act, made 3 2 Geo. III. for repairing and rebuilding the Pier adjoining to the Harbour of Broad-fairs, in the Ife of Thanet, and for other purposes relating thereto, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read:—And Mr. Robert Barf eld, being examined, said. That the Commissioners appointed by the said Act, have proceeded in the execution thereof, and have made considerable improvements, and erected several useful and expensive Works within the said Harbour, and for such purposes have borrowed considerable sums of Money on the credit of the Tolls and Duties thereby granted; and that the several Piers and other Works within the said Harbour are now in want of considerable repairs, and such Harbour still requires many alterations and improvements, in order to afford safe and commodious Moorings for Vessels coming into the fame; but such alterations and improvements cannot be made, or the works and repairs now absolutely necessary for the preservation of the said Harbour, be executed, or the Money now due and owing on the Tolls and Duties, thereby granted be paid off and discharged, save and except such Tolls and Duties are encreased, and the powers and provisions of the said Act altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending an Act, passed in the 3 2d year of His present Majesty, for repairing or rebuilding the Pier adjoining to the Harbour of Broadflairs, in the Ife of Thanet, in the County of Kent: And that the Lord Henniker, Sir Philip Stephens, and Sir William Geary, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, inclosing, and felling or disposing Stockport, of the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Manor, Ba- &<-'■ rony. Town, and Towndiip, of Stockport, in the County Spitted. ’ Palatine of Chester, and for applying the money to arise thereby for the benefit of the said Town, and for other purposes relating thereto, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hero Dal-

ryinple

196

5° ApfUlSr

A. 1805.

Keedwood Chabel Bill» etented.

prel

rymple Hamilton, Ur. Blackbutnc'of Lancashire,&c.i Ordered, That Mi\ Dickins bft added to the Gentlemen, Mmbw

And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to «W*dt* Chamber. continue the term, and alter and enlarge, the powers, "

of two Acts, passed in the 4th and 24th years of His DoningtoB Mr. SulUvan presented to the House, according to present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads Rflad,m Order, a Rill to enable His Majesty to grant a part of from Spalding High Bridge to the Market Place in

Doninglun, and from the tenth milestone, in the Parish of Gq/bertmvnto the eighth milestone, in the Parish of

Wigtoft in the Cottnty of Linrohit Mr Dickins presented to the House, according to

His Majesty’s allotment of the disafforested Forest or Chase of Needwood, in the County of Stafford, for the

erection of a Church and the endowment of a Minister thereof, and for building and establishing the said Church: And the fame was received; and read the firli time.

Refilled,.That the Bill be read a second time.

-- BUI,

Order, the said Bill; and the fame was received, and Prefeat*^ read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be redd a second time.

Methwold Mr. Su'livan presented to the House, according to

Inclosure Bill, Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish o( Methzcold, Admiral Markham presented to the House, according Portsmouth

pit ente . County of Norfolk: And the fame was received; to Order, a Bill for building a new Gaol in the Borough Gl°! Bill>

and read the first time.

Refilled, That the Bill be read a second time.

Sudbome An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of InCaffede Bl11’ S'<db°rne, in the County of Suffolk, was read the third p* e " time. '

Refilled, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sudbome, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Trail do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Swaton An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Incl r'd* B*U’ ^wal°ny *n the County of Lincoln, was read the third pa * ’ time.

Refilled, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton: And the frefettte4, fame was received; and read the first time;

Refilled, That the Bill be read a second time.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, to Petition whom the Petition of several principal Adventurers in the Pilchard Fishery, was referred; That the Committee had Finery, examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed reported, him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report Was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 39th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for granting an additional Bounty of one shilling

be, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Swaton, and sixpence per hogshead on Pilchards exported, was

in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir Robert John Buxton do carry Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

read:—And Mr. Philip Ball, being examined, said. That the he has been engaged in the Pilchard Fishery forty-five-years—That the Act, giving one Dulling and sixpence Bounty upon Pilchards exported, will expire on the 24th Westmorland An ingrossed Bill for continuing the term and altering of June next; and being asked, Whether the Pilchard andi?ucaster’ an<^ enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 2d Fishery derived very considerable benefit from the said Roods BUI, ar>d 24th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Bounty; and been considerably increased during its confuted. Reads from Kirkby Steien High. Lane Head, in the tinuance? he said, It has encreased ever since the County of Westmorland, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bounty has been granted: in elucidation of which the Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Witness delivered in to the Committee,

Roads therein-mentioned, in the said County, and in the A Statement (Appendix, No. 1.) of the increase of Counties of York and Westmorland, was read the third Pilchard Seans, since the year 1798 to the year 1804:— time. Also,

A Statement (Appendix, No. 2.) of the increased Capital, and Men and Boys, employed in the Pilchard Fishery, since the year 1798 :—Which were read.

And the Witness being asked. Whether he could give an account of the Profits and Loss upon the said Fishery for any number of years ? the Witness delivered in to the Committee,

A Statement (Appendix, No. 3.) of the Gross Receipts and Expenditure on the Pilchard Fishery, for seven years, from 1798 to 1804 :—Which was read.

And being asked, What is the average quantity of Fish taken per annum ? he said, For seven years the average is about 30,444 hogsheads, of about 50 gallons each— That, upon that calculation, the amount of the additional

Vos’*

Nat. Bill, reported, and passed.

Refilled, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for continuing the term and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the second and twenty-fourth years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Kirkby Steven High Lane Head, in the County of Westmorland, through Sedbergh, to Greeta Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lcmcaster, and other Roads therein-mentioned, in the said Counties, and in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Hermanns Vos, Bounty a Deed for, will be about .£.2,283 per annum.— was committed. And being asked. Whether the charges and expences of

Mr. Shaw Lefevre accordingly reported from the said the Outfit for the Fishery have become more expensive

Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed the Bill to be reported to the House, without any Amendment: Apd he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.—And the said Bill was-read the third time.

Refilled, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this "House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of

Inclosure Bill, Cranford Saint John, in the County of Northampton, was committed. read a fec0nd time.

Refilled, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dickhis,

Cranford

since the year 1798? the Witness delivered in to the Committee,

A comparative Statement (Appendix, No. 4.) of Expence attending the Outfit of a Pilchard Sean concern in 1798 and 1804 :—Which was read.

And the Witness being asked. Whether he could Date the amount of the total capital now employed in the Pilchard Fishery ? he said. About £. 380,000—That, in the year 1801, it was 300,000; since which period it has increased 80,000 additional veiled capital.—And being asked, If there is any particular increase in the expences of export at the present period ? he said. There is, from 10 .9. to 20 s.per hogDiead in freight and in-furanee,’bolides the tonnage and export duties, amounting to 1 s. per hogfiioad more—That the principal mar-Mr. Cartwright, &c.: And they are to meet this After* kets to which the Pilchards are exported, are, Venice, noon, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Naples, Leghorn, Ancona, Trielle, Civita Vecchia, and

Genoa.

45 Geo. III. 5° ApriUs. 197

Genoa.—And being allied. Whether he apprehended that there would be any difficulty of access to those several Ports, and risk of property when there, under the present circumstances ? he said. Yes, from the general Hate of the war, and from the danger of confiscation in such ports where the French may be in possession, or have an influence.—And being atked, Whether there is not every year a considerable number of landmen, boys,

and men, introduced into the said Fishery, and in some manner trained to thefea? he said, Yes, a great number, from i-4th to i-5th of the whole employed.—Then, Mr. John Pearce, who has been concerned in the Pilchard Fishery 28 years, having read the Statements delivered in by Mr. Ball, and having heard the evidence, confirmed the fame in every particular.

Appendix, No. 1.

A STATEMENT of the PILCHARD SEAN FISHERY in and for Seven Years,

from 1798 to 1804, both Years inclusive.

Places where employed. 1798. 1799. 1800. 1801. 1802. 1803. 1804.

Bantam Bland - 1 1 1 1 2 2 2

Caw land & Kingston - 4 4 4 4 4 4 4

Wrinkle - 1 1 1 2 2 2 2

Looe - 6 6 7 8 8 8 8

Polperro - 1 1 2 2 2 2 2

Fowey & Polruan - 6 6 6 7 7 7 7

Polkerras & Parr - 2 2 2 2 2 2 2

Charlestown - 4 4 4 4 4 5 5

Porthpean - - - - 5 5 5 6 5 5 5

Ropehaven & Hellain - - - 5 5 5 5 5 5 5

Mevagissey & Portmellen - - - 39 39 39 39 38 37 36

Gorran Haven - - - 10 10 lo 11 IX x 2 12

Portloe - - - - 5 5 5 5 5 5 5

Gerrans - 8 8 9 10 10 10 10

St. Mawes - - - IO 10 10 xo 10 12 x 2

Gellen, Coverack, & Kedgwith - - 9 9 10 11 11 IX XI

Mounts Bay - - - 22 22 26 2 6 26 50 50

St. Ives - - - - 48 48 50 52 52 60 60

Whitfand Bay - - - - 2 2 2 2 2 2 2

Bailett’s Cove - X 1

St. Agnes - 3 5

New key - - - 2 2 2 2 2 7 7

Harlyn - 1 X X X

Port Isaac - - - .; 1 1 1 2 3 IX XI

Bofcastle - 2 2

> 19! 191 201 % 212 212 266 267

Appendix, No. 2.

An ESTIMATE of the increased CAPITAL employed in the Pilchard Fishery, since the Year 1798.

• Seans:

Netting, Boats, Cordage, Sails, Cork, Lead, Oars, Iron, Deals, Sic. &c. -

Expence of Building Warehouses -

Stock of Salt to cure 600 hhds. 5,400 bushels, . - - - - a. u./4d.

Cellar Materials ——

The Expence of 76 Seans, at the above calculation ——

Drift Boats:

Cost of the Boat with Sails and Cordage - - - £.100-----

Netts, Bark, Tur, ike. - - - - -90-----

Warehouse Rent for 4o hhds. a. 2/6 - - 5 — —

Stock of Salt for 40 hhds. 360 bushels, a. 1/4 - - - - 24-----

£. 219-----

The Expenae on 83 Boats, a. of. 219 - -

Increased Capital -

3E —

£. s. d. 000-----

600-----

360-----

42-----

1,902-----

144.552 -

18,177

102,729-----

Men

198

A.1805

5° Aprilis.

Appendix, No. z.—continued.

Men employed on 191 Seans, being 16 Men and 2 Boys - 3,438

Men employed in 121 Drift Boats, 3 Men and 2 Boys each boat - 605

Men employed in the Year 1804, on 267 Seans, 16 Men and 2 Boys - - 1 4,806

Men employed in 204 Drift Boats in 1804, 3 Men and 2 Boys each - - \ 1,200

4,043 6,006

Men employed in {mail Vessels bringing the Fish on shore Men employed in bringing Salt for the Fishery (say 4>5°° tons) 45 Vessels, a. 5 Men each - - - - * -

Suppose 7,000 tons of shipping employed in the Export of Pilchards, would require at lead -

Men, Women, and Children employed on Shore in bulking, packing, pressing, &c. of Fish for Exportation, say - - - - _ -

Men, Women, and Children employed in spinning and braiding Netts Mechanics, such as Rope-makers, Coopers, Shipwrights, Blacklmilhs, Sail-makers, &c. ——

3>3e°

800

600

4,700

120

225

280

6,631

, Appendix, No. 3.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Hogsheads of Pilchards taken from 1798 to 1804, both inclusive; with the Price per Hogshead, and the whole Profits thereon: Also, dating the Sum paid thereout to the Men, exclusive of Wages.

Dale. No. of Hogsheads. Average Price of Fish. Bounty per Hogshead. Value of Oil per Hogshead. Total proceeds per Hogshead. Gross Amount.

£■s. d. t.d. £. t d. £. s. d.

1798 - - - - . 18,646 1 5 6 8 6 5 9 1 19 9 37,058 18 6

1799 21,132 1 11 — 8 6 5 9 2 5 3 47>8h 3 —

1800 ----- 3°|912 1 9 — 8 6 5 — 226 ' 65,688

1801 ----- 30,555 1 15 ~ 8 6 7 — 2106 77>,51 7 6

1802 ----- 25,836 2 18 — 8 6 4 7 3 11 1 91,825 9 —

1803 18,858 2 8 6 7 — 2156 , 52,33° 19 —

1804 ----- . 67,168 1 6 — 8 6 4 6 1 19 — i3°,977 12 —

213,107 - - 502,843 9 —

Gross Amount of Fish Money, exclusive of Bounties and Oil - ,£.354,780. 14. —. One-fourth Part paid by the Concern to the Men £• 88,695. 3. 6*.

An ACCOUNT dating the Expences incurred in Curing a Hogshead of Pilchards, of 50 Gallons, exclusive of the Fish Money,* paid to Men.

Wages ——

Repairs of Seans, Boats, Ropes, Graplings, &c. not less on an average than Porterage 5d.—Quayage 6d.—Cooperage 10d.—and Freight 18d.

Salt 8s.—Calk 5s. 3a. ——

Men and Womens Labour, curing for Exportation -

Cellar Rent per Hogshead -

£. d.

— 10 —

— 9 —

- — 4 l

~>3 3

Oi I

£. 2 2 1

one Hogshead of Pilchards is £. 2. 2s. id. which on 213,107 Hogsheads is Add the Fish Money paid to the Men -

Deduct from the above the Gross Proceeds Leaving a loss on the total Concern for Seven Years

£. s. d.

illg

- 448,412 12 11

88,695 3 6

£. 537,1Q7 16 5

- 502,843 19 —

£. 34,263 17 5

It also appears that the average quantity of Fish taken, during the above Seven Years is, per annum, 30,444 Hogsheads; and that the additional and temporary Bounty thereon,.has been a. 1$. 6d. per Hogshead - - - £.2,283.

Appendix,

45 Geo. Ill

5° Apri

199

Appendix, No. 4.

A Comparative STATEMENT of the Expence attending the Out-fit of a Pilchard Sean Concern, in 1798 and 1804.

Necessary Articles. 179S. lSo^.

£* d. £. s. d.

Netting 2,300 Fathoms, a. 25. 6d. advanced to 3$. 1 rf. - 287 10 — 354 J1 S

Three Boats - -- -- - 100 120

Cordage 30 cut. a. 565. advanced to 725. - 84 108

Lead 8 cwt. a. 28*. to 385. Cork 11 cwt. a. 25s, to 325. 24 Jo — 32 id —

Iron 10 cwt. a. 405. Hd. to 5,6 s\ - ----- 23 6 8 28 j

0,:rs 10 |)i:ir a. j35. to i8.v. Deals 5. to £.6, 55. - - - 1110 — 15 5 —

Sails and Tarpaulin^s 400 yards a. 2 s. to 25. 4 d. - - - 40 46 J,8 4

Tar 4 barrels, a. 30s. to 405. Bark 84 busheb, a. 6s, to 75. - •M 4 — C,7 * ~

Joiners fitting Boats and making Malls, Yards, &c. - 12 15

Mali's, aids, and Buoys - -- - 6 10 — 0

Labour making the Seans and barking Netting - 23 28

Public house Expences to Mechanics and Labourers - 0

£. 649 19 8 803 14 ~

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

tfjrnoutTi An ingossed Bill for the making, repairing, lighting, Roads Bill, watching, and watering certain Roads from the Borough passed. piyW0Uffl Sforulwufc Bridge and Pin mouth Dock,

in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Stands and Fares of 1 lacknoy Coaches and Carts using the fame, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,’ An Act for the making, repairing, lighting, watching, and watering certain Roads from the Borough of Plymouth to Stonehouse Bridge and Plymouth Duck, in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Stands and Fares of Hackney Coaches and Carts uting the fame.

Ordered, That Sir William Lemon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Alfreton and Lord George Augufhis ITcnnt Cavendish reported from ^ie Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees Petition, for executing the Arts thereinafter mentioned, was refer-reported. red , That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the I Ioufe; and lie read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; r/r.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts for repairing the Roads from Atfreton in the County of Derhif to the Mansfield and Newark Turnpike at or near Python Ilill in the Forest of Sherwood in the County of Nottingham, were read:—And, Mr. William Butcher being examined, said. That the Trustees appointed by the fair! Acts have made great prog refs in the repairs of the said Roads; and that several conluh rable Sums of Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls now remain due, which cannot be paid oth nor the said Roads ctleftually amended, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Arts be further continued, and the powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill fur continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two AcSs, passed in the 4th and 30th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from A!fret on to Mansfield, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, and other Roads therein mentioned: And that Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish and Mr. Mundij do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Further

Papers

peering

Home

Fopham,

Rented.

Mr. Dickinfm, junior, presented to the House, pursu-

ant to their Orders,

Copy of a Letter from Sir Home Popham to William Marflen, Esquire, Secretary to the Admiralty, dated 25th February 1805; with its Euclofurcs: And also, Vol. 60.

Copy of a Letter from Sir Home Popham to the Navy Board, dated 28th February 1805: And also.

Copy of a Letter from Sir Homo Popham to the Navy Board, dated 26th March 1805; with the Answer of that Board thereto: And also, *

Copy of a Letter from the Com mi/lionets of His Majesty’s Navy to William Marfden, Esquire, Secretary to the Admiralty, dated ill April 1805. '

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers :—And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Papers be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the I louse to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Pavision for

* tCS tO

consider of so much of an AG, made 4 3 Geo. II I.as relates juciges cf to the Salaries of the Judges of the Vice Admiralty Court of Courts in the Island of Malta, and in the Bermuda and AdmirjltJr* Bahama Islands; and the enabling His Majesty to grant contingent Annuities to such Judges on their resignation, be now read :—And the fame being read >—the I Ioufe resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dickivfon, junior, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dickinson, junior, reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutionsj which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday next.

The I louse was moved. That an AG, made 43 Geo. III. proierty for granting to His Majesty a Contribution on the Duties Bill Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and ortlerc<i-Offices, might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal certain parts thereof, and to consolidate and render more clTcftual the provisions for collecting the Duties granted by the said Act: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. St urges Bourne, Mr. lluJkiJTon, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an AG, made 24 Geo. III. for for the more effectualPrevention of Smuggling in this Prevention of Kingdom, might be read :—And the fame was read.

The House was also moved, That an AG, made 42 considered. Geo. III. to alter, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act, might, be read :—And the fame being read •,

lhfaked, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confide v

considered.

reported.

Bill ordered#

Question previous Neg. respecting India,

Supply,

deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Petition

a gain 11 Ipswich Port Bill

Stilton Inctafure Bill, reported.

200

5"—8° Aprilis.

filler of more effectually preventing the practice of Smuggling.

1 he House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Alexander reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Alotion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Air. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more efiertual prevention of Smuggling.

And Mr. Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual prevention of Smuggling: And that Air. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. -S Bourne, and Mr. HnJkiJJ'on, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Alotion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House adheres to the Principle established by its unanimous Resolution of the 28th of Alay 1782, and recognized and adopted by the Legislature in two several Arts of Parliament, of the 24th and 33d years of His Majesty’s Reign, namely, " That to pursue Schemes " of Conquest and Extension of Dominion in India, are " Measures repugnant to the with, the honour, and the " policy of this Nation."

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for t!,c Yea}iS.

Tellers for the Noes, Dimlo:} ‘°5'

So it passed in the Negative.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Alonday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to fit. till after one of the clock on Saturday Alorning, adjourned till Alonday Alorning next. Ten of the Clock.

the County of Huntingdon, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fume to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cleijc’s lable:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a fecund time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the parish of in i^nmey

the County of Gloucester, was read a feeond time. " committed.'

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Sir John Frederick, Admiral Berkeley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, that Air. from Ireland—

the Office of the Chief Secretary for attended at

the Door; he was called in; anil, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the quantities of Sugar, Rum, Cotton, Sugar, &c. Costee, Cocoa, Indigo, Ginger, and other goods imported from the British West Indian Colonies into the several

ports of Ireland-, together with the duties payable on each article, from 5th January 1804 to 5th January 1805: And also,

An Account of Sugar imported from the Weft

Indian Colonies into the several ports of Ireland, together with the duties payable thereon, and from Ireland exported, together with the amount of the Drawbacks and Receipts thereon, for the three years ended 5th January 1803, 1804, and 1805; distinguishing each year:

And'also.

An Account of Rum imported from the British Weft Rum. Indian Colonies into the several ports of Ireland, together with the duties payable thereon, and from Ireland exported, together with the amount of the Drawbacks and Receipts thereon, for the three years ended 5th January 1803, 1804, and 1805; distinguishing each year: And also.

An Account of all Goods and Produce, with the value Goods, &*« and duties paid thereon, exported to the Weft

Indian Colonies from Ireland, from the 5th January 1804 to the 5th January 1805, inclusive.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Setlion.

Luna, 8° die Aprilis;

Anno 450 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1805. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Town and Borough of in the County of Suffolk, in Great Court assembled, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for improving and rendering more commodious the Port of Ipfxcich-, and setting forth, That, if the lame

should pass into a I.aw in its present form, the chartered rights and interests of the Petitioners will be very materially injured: And therefore praying. That they mav he heard, by their counsel or agents, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a feeond time.

Mr. Annrftcy reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the parish of in

Mr. Iln/kifflmpresented to the House, according to Property

order, a Bill to repeal certain parts of an Art, made in Dr^*stej'. ’ the 43d year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions,

Trades, and Offices, and to consolidate and render more efiertual the provisions for collecting the said Duties:

And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a feeond time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a feeond time Tommorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the I louse to re- Committee of solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Sul’piy‘ lider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Particulars of the Unfunded Debt p.-irtictihrs of of Ireland on 5U1 January 1805, bp referred to the said Committee. ireimd.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee, referred.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker refiimc I the Chair,

Air.

utM-

Ctrii

Grit

fcei

iira

-^r

•TJS

T;

>'-f)

‘.I*

Ireland-* Advancement it Money on Credit of }rand Jury presentraents, to be ;ontidcred.

luftni&ion.

Account of

Arrears and

Balances

(Scotch

Excise)

pdentrt

titlon

tffting

nLaws,

iedings

vinf8 Vi (count

ille and

Trotter#

45 Geo. III. 8° A prills.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Refoh cd, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to contlder further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Motion being made. That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to advance money out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, on the credit of Presentments made by Grand

Juries of Counties for making or completing Poll Roads;

Mr. Foster, by His' Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the subject matter of this Motion, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Befolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Motion being made. That it be an Inftrnftirm to the said Committee, that they do consider of enabling the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, to raise Money by Debentures, to be advanced to the Trustees of Turnpike Roads, for enabling them to form new lines of road for the more speedy and safe conveyance of the Mails;

Mr. Foster, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the subject matter of this Motion, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of enabling the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, to raise Money by Debentures, to be advanced to the Trustees of Turnpike Roads, for enabling them to form new lines of road for the more speedy and safe conveyance of die Mails.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the Commissioners of F.xcise in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the total amount of the Arrears and Current Balances due on 5th January 1805 from the Officers of Excise in Scotland, from 5th January 1774, so far as the fame can be made up; distinguishing the late and present Officers, the names of such Officers, and for what collections, and in what capacity they arc or were employed; the sums originally due from them, and when, and the amount and dates of the Payments which have been made in discharge thereof; with a duplicate thereof.

And then he w ithdrew ;—and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parish of Leds, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the high prices of Provisions, particularly of Flour and Br ad Corn; and praying for the repeal of an Act, made in the last Section, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain; and also, of so much of an Ac. 31 Geo. 111. as relates to imposing additional duties on Foreign Corn warehoused in Great Britain, and taken out for home consumption.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved. That the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, respecting die office of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, which was pre-VOL. 60.

fented to the House upon the 13th day of February last, might be read:—And the fame was read.

The House w as also moved, That the Copy of a Let-, ter from Lord Viscount Melville to the Commissioners of

Enquiry, appointed by Act 43 Geo. III. c. 16, dated the 28th of March 1805, and of the Answer thereto, by the said Commissioners, which was presented to the House upon Wednesday last, might be read:—And the fame was read.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made 25 Geo. III. for better regulating the office of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, might be read:—And the fame was read.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made 43 Geo. III. for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities, Frauds, or Abuses, which are or have been practised by persons employed in the several Naval Departments therein mentioned, and in the business of Prize Agency; and to report such Obfer-rations as shall occur to ihem for preventing such Irregularities, Frauds, and Abuses, and for the better con-dufting and managing the business of the said Departments, and of Prize Agency, in future, might be read:— And the fame was read.

The House was also moved, That the Report which, tipon the 19th day of June 1782, wras made from the Committee of the whole House, -to w’hom it was referred to consider of the several Reports presented to the House from the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, tnight be read :■—And the fame being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That it appears to this House, that, on the 18th of June 178?, the House of Commons, in a Committee of the whole House, came, amongst others, to the following Resolutions:

" That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That some " regulations ought to be adopted for the purpose of " lessening and keeping down the Balances of Public " Money, which appear to have usually been in the " hands of the Treasurer of the Navy; and it would be " beneficial to the Public, if the first and other Clerks itt " the different branches belonging to the said Office. * were paid by fixed and permanent Salaries, in lieu of " all Fees, Gratuities, and otherPerquifites whatsoever:"

" That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from " henceforward the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s " Land Forces and the Treasurer of the Navy, for the " time being, shall not apply an v sum or sums of money " iniprested to them, or either of them, to any purpose " of advantage or interest to themselves, either directly " or indirectly

" That it appears to this Committee, That the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state the " Public Accounts of the Kingdom, have, so far as " appears from the Reports wduch they have hitherto " made, discharged the duty intruded to them with great " diligence, accuracy, and ability; and, if Parliament " shall carry into execution those plans of reform and " regulation which are suggested by the matter contained " in the Reports of the said Commissioners, it cannot but " be attended with the most beneficial consequences to * the future welfare and prosperity of this Kingdom:"

And the previous Question being put. That that Question he no%v put;

The I louse divided.

The Noeswent forth.

rp , , -.r f Mr. Whitbread,

Tcllm lor tile \eas, J Mr Ca

11 r Xr < Mr.

■liers for the Noes, j Mr_

2 it

216.

S

And the Numbers being equal, Mr. Speaker said,* That in proceeding to give his vote, he iliouid beg leave very briefly to state the realons by which it would bo governed—Three Charges had been advanced against: the Noble Lord; Violation of the Act of Parliament > Connivance at the private Profits, illegally made by Mr. Trotter out of the Public Money; and, Participation in those Profits.—Upon the other hand, it had been urged. That before the House con'd come to a satisfactory vote , 3 F upon

202 8° Aprilis. A. 1805.

upon these Charges, a further Enquiry should be insti-tuted by a Select Committee of the House, from whence material Information might be derived, which ought to influence the decision of the House upon these Charges— But that upon the whole debate it appeared to him, that, material as such further Information might be with reference to the latter Charge, it could not apply to the former Charges, which were confeiled by the Noble Person himself, and being so established, the original Question was now fit to be submitted to the judgment of the House:—And therefore he declared himself with the Yeas.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Refo!ved, That it appears to this House, That, on the 18th of June 1782, the House of Commons, in a Committee of the whole House, came, amongst others, to the following Resolutions:

" That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That some " regulations ought to be adopted, for the purpose of " IclTening and keeping down the Balances of Public €c Money, which appear to have usually been in the " hands of the Treasurer of the Navy; and it would be

beneficial to the Public, if the first and other clerks a in the different branches belonging to the said Office " were paid by fixed and permanent Salaries, in lieu of " all Fees, Gratuities, and other Perquisites whatsoever:"

" That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from " henceforward the Paymaster General of 11 is Majesty’s " Land Forces and the Treasurer of the Navy, for the " time being, shall not apply any sum or sums of money " imprested to them, or either of them, to any purpose " of advantage or interest to themselves, either directly " or indirectly

" That it appears to this Committee, That the Com-€€ missioners appointed to examine, take, and Hate the " Public Accounts of the Kingdom, have, so far as " appears from the Reports which they have hitherto " made, discharged the duty intruded to them with great " diligence, accuracy, and ability; and, if Parliament " shall carry into execution those plans of reform and " regulation which are suggested by the matter contained " in the Reports of the said Commissioners, it cannot but " be attended with the mo ft beneficial consequences to " the future welfare and prosperity of this Kingdom." Resolved, That, in furtherance of the intention of the House of Commons, expressed in such Resolutions. His Majesty, by His Warrant, dated 26th June 1782, directed that the Salary of the Treasurer of the Navy should be increased to the sum of X. 4,000. per annum, in full satisfaction of all Wages and Fees, and other Profits and Emoluments theretofore enjoyed by former Treassurers.

Reffved, That it appears to this House, That, during the Treasurership of the Right honourable Isaac Barrf the conditions of the aforesaid Warrant were ft rift ly complied with; that the whole of the money issued from the Exchequer to Mr. Barr} for Naval Services was lodged in the Bank; that it was never drawn from thence previously to its being advanced to the Sub-Accountants, to be applied to the Public Service; that, during the time Mr. Barr^ after! as Treasurer and Ex-Treasurer, he had not in his possession or custody any of the Public Money, and that neither lie, nor the Paymaster of the Navy, did derive any profit or advantage from the use or employment thereof.

Resolved, That the Right honourable Hairy Dundas, now Lord Viscount Mdv'die, fuceecded to the office of Treasurer of the Navy on the 19th August 1782, when a further addition was made to the Salary of* the said Office, in order to produce a net annual income of X. 4,000. after the payment of all taxes and charges oil the fame; and that this additional Salary was considered by the said Lord Viscount Melville as granted to linn in lieu of all Wages, Fees, Profits, and other Emoluments, enjoyed by former Treassurers.

Resolved, That the said Lord Viscount Melville continued in the said office till the 10th of April 178^; that, being nfkcd whether he derived any advantage from the use of the Public Money during that period, he, in his examination before the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry,

declined answering any question on that head; but that he has, in a letter since written to the said Commi dinners, and dated the 28th March last, declared, " that, previous " to 1786, he did not derive any advantage from the " use or employment of any money iifiu d lor r arrving " on the service of the Navy;" but Mr. Douglas, who was Paymaster, being dead, and his Lordship having re-fused to answer any questions on this head, as aforesaid, no evidence has been obtained as to the Application of Monies issued for the Service of the Navy, or the mode of drawing the fame from the Bank during this period.

Resolved, That the Right honourable Charles Townf hend, now Lord Banning, held the office of Treasurer of the Navy from the nth of April 1783 to the 4th of January 1784; and that, from the examination of his Lordship, it appears, that, during his Treasurerthip, no part of the money issued for the Service of the Navy was applied to his private use or advantage, and that he does not believe that Mr. Douglas, who aided under him as Paymaster, derived any protit or advantage from the use or employment of the Public Money, except the inoney* issued for the payment of Exchequer Fees.

Resolved, That the Right honourable Henry Dundas was re-appointed Treasurer of the Navy on the 5th of January 1784, and continued in the said Office until the ill of June 1800.

Resolved, That, in the year 1785, an Act of Parliament was passed (25 Geo. III. c. 31.) intituled, "An Act " for better regulating the Office of Treasurer of His Ma-" jetty's Navy," whereby it is directed, that no money shall be issued from the Treasury to the Treasurer of the Navy, but that all monies issued for Naval Services shall be paid to the Bank on account of Naval Services, and placed to the account of the Treasurer of the Navy, and shall not be paid out of the Bank unless for Naval Services, and in pursuance of drafts signed by the Treasurer, or some person or persons authorized by him, which drafts shall speci/y the heads of service to which such sums are to applied; and that the regulations under the said Act /had take place from the 31st of July 1785.

Resolved, That the execution of the said Act was post-ponedtill the month of January 1786; and that from that time till the month of June 1800, when Lord Melville left the office of Treasurer, contrary to the practice efta-b! filled in the Treasurer/hip of the Right honourable Isaac Barr}, contrary to the Resolutions of the House of Commons of the 18th of June 1782, and in defiance of the provisions of the above-mentioned Act of 25 Geo. III. c. 31. large sums of money wrere, under pretence of Navy Services, and by a manifest evasion of the Act, at various times drawn from the Bank and inverted in Exchequer and Navy Bills, lent upon the security of Stock, employed in discounting private Bills, in purchasing Bank and East India Stock, and used in various w ays for the purposes of private emolument.

Resolved, That Alexander Trotter, Esquire, the Paymaster of the Navy, was the person by whom, or in whose name, the Public Money was thus employed; and that in so doing he acted with the knowledge and consent of Lord Viscount Melville, to wdiom he was at the same time private Agent, and for w hose use or benefit he occasionally laid out from ten to twenty thousand pounds, without confiilering whether he w as previously in advance to his Lordship, or whether such Advances w ere made from Ins public or private Balances.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That theltight honourable Lord Viscount Melville, having been privy to, and having connived at, the withdrawing from the Bank of England, for the purpose, as ft a ted by Lord Melville, of private emolument to Mr. Trotter, sums issued to Lord Melville as Treasurer of the Navy, and placed to his account in the Bank, according to the provisions of the 25 Geo. III. c. 31, has been guilty of a gross violation of the Law, and a high breach of Duty;

An Amendment w^as proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving cm. from ine word "Ins," to the end of the Question, in ore *r to add these Words " acted contrary to the intention of the said Act," instead thereof.

And the Qucfi oe LMng oat, That the w ords proposed

to

Adjournment.

Bill far t?ie

Eacoumge-PR fit 'it r.nai, dt i tried.

Report on Provi lions for fc'aries to Judges of

Guilts of debat'd.

Wa\s and Mans, deferred.

he Lords ve agreed to

Militia i&ng Bill.

keepers

'ili.

miff*

& Bill.

rican y Bill.

45 Geo. IIL 8

203

to he left out hand part of the Question;—It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That the Right honourable Lord Viscount Melville, having been privy to, and having connived at, the withdrawing from the Bank of England, for the pur-jiofe, as hated by Lord Melville, of private emolument to Mr. Trailer, sums ilined to Lord as Treasuror

of the Navy, and placed to his account in the Bank, according to the provisions of the 25 Geo. IIL c. 31, has been guilty of a gross violation of the Law, and a high breach of Duty.

And the House having continued to fit till near five of the clock on Tuesday morning;

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House, adjourn till Tommorrow.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Thursdoy last, for reading a fecornl time, this day, the Bill for the encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty’s Navy, might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

vigation, between His Majesty and the United Slates America; without any Amendment: And also,

T1 ie Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Neutral Ships to permit the importation of Goods and Commod'ties BjIJ* from Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Sh'ps, during the prefect War, and until six months after the ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace; without any Amendment: And also,

1 lie Lords have agreed to the Bill, ihtifuled, An Act Foreign Ships for granting to Foreign Ships put under His Majesty’s Pn^sei protection, the privileges of Prize Ships, under certain regulations and restrictions; and for allowing Aliens in foreign Colonies surrendered to His Majesty to exercise the occupations of merchants or factor^ during the present War, and until six months after the ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace; without any Amendment

And also. The Lords

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for have paired naturalizing Ma fetes Thomas Francis Hommey •,to which Hommey’s

tile Lords desire the concurrence of this House. Nat'

And then the Mell'engers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the first Bill read, time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon Friday last, for receiving this day, the Report from the Committee of the whole I louse, to w hom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made 43 Geo. III. as relates to the Salaries of t he .1 udges of the Vice Admiralty Courts in the I Hand o f Malta, and in the Bermuda and Bahama Blands; and the enabling I lis Majesty to grant contingent Annuities to such Judges on their resignation, might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That Mr. Hurst be added to the Gentlemen, Member who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pur- added to suant to the prayer of the Petition of several Owners pnzmeton of Estates in the Township and Manor of in indoiureBiU.

the Parish of Arlecdon, in the County of Cumberland.

Mr. Hurst presented to the House, according to Order, Bill, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township and Manor Presented* of Frizingfon, in the Parish of Arlecdoin the County of

Cumberland: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

il locum, 10° di;

Anno 450 Georgii III'1* Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, determined by Mr. Harvey and Mr. Co.r:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Great Britain voluntarily to enlilt into His Majesty’s Regular Forces and Royal Marines; w ithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on quartering Soldiers; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intitvded. An Act to make valid certain Licences, granted by virtue of an Order in Council, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize from and to Spain in Neutral Vessels, and for indemnifying all Per-

fons concerned in advising such Order, or granting or acting under such Licences; w ithout any Amendment: And also, •

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An Aid to continue until the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and six, and amend an Act passed in the thirty-seventh year of His present Majesty’s reign, for carrying into execution the Treaty of Amitv, Commerce, and Na-VOL. 60.

Sir John Frederick presented to the House, according Dulwich to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Did- presented BIJ* ivich, i»i the County of Surrey: And the fame w as received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. 1

A Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of, or Petition

otherwise interested in, certain Lands in the Parish of asa, nlt

7 * Luntrney

Fongney, in the County of Ghmcester, was presented to inclosure Bill, the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for inclosing Lands in the said Parish; and setting forth, That the said Bill contains divers etudes and pro\ ifions, which will, if carried into client, be very prejudicial to the rights, interests, and property of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by thomselves, their count'd, agents, and witnell’es, against the said Bill, and that the fame may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the consideration of the Committee, to w hom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners he heard, by themselves, their Count'd, A cents, or Wit nodes, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an left ruction to the said Committee, that they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said BUI, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have voices.

A Message by Air. Quarme, Yeoman U flier of the Rovtd Black Rod: tci IV

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Afi'ent to several Acts agreed upon by both lluufes, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable lloul'e in the House of Peers, to bear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the I louse of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the desire

of

Petition in favour of Camber well, L c. Waterworks Bill.

Shirhum Inc! j/ure Bill, preiemed.

204

10° Aprilis.

A. 1805.

of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’sCommission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, ■where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, their Royal Highnefl’es the Duke of the Duke of Clarence, the Duke of Kent, the Duke of Cumberland, the Duke of Suffer, the Duke of Cambridge, the

t)uke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbi.thop of the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord and the Lord Walffngham, named also in the said Corn-

million, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Great Britain voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty’s Regular Forces and Royal Marines:

An Act to make valid certain Licences, granted by virtue of an Order in Council, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize from and to Spain in Neutral Vessels, and for indemnifying all persons concerned in advising such Order, or granting or acting under such Licences:

An Act to continue until the first day of June one thousand eight hundred and six, and amend an Act, passed in the thirty-seventh year of His present Majesty’s reign, for carrying into execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majesty and the United States of America:

An Act to permit the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Countries in America, belonging to any Foreign European Sovereign or State, in Neutral Ships, during the present War, and until six months after the ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peace:

An Act for granting to Foreign Ships put under His Majesty’s protection, the privileges of Prize Ships, under certain regulations and restrictions, and forallowingAliens in Foreign Colonies surrendered to His Majesty to exercise the occupations of Merchants or Factors, during the present War, and until six months after the ratification of •l definitive Treaty of Peace:

An Act to enable the East India Company to appoint the Commander in Chief on the Bengal Establishment to be a Member of the Council of Fort William in Bengal, notwithstanding the Office of Governor General of Fort William and the Office of Commander in chief of all the Forces in India being vested in the same Person:

An Act for increasing the rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers:

An Act for regulating the Police of the City of Edinburgh and the adjoining districts, and for other purposes relating thereto:

An Act for making and maintaining a Road leading from the limits of the Counties of Edinburgh and Lanark to the Burgh of Lanark, in the County of Lanark:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Falling, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Brunjlead, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Lea and Cleaverton, in the county of:

An Act for naturalizing James Samuel An Act for naturalizing Hermanns Vos.

A Petition of certain Inhabitants, Parishioners of Maty's Lambeth and Newington, in the County of Surrey, was p re fen ted to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for supplying the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Giles Camberwell, and parts the Parish of Mary’s Lambeth, and several other parishes and places in

the Counties of Surrey and Kent, with Water: And praying that the fame may pass into a Law. '

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. John Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Shir bum.

in the County of Oxford: And the fame was received; and read the first time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Clephanepresented to the House, according to Dnnfami;1.

Order, a Bill for erecting Toll Bars and levying Toll Ra*c^u Duties on the Road from Dunfermline to Nivingstme, in patented.’ the Counties of Fife and Kinross, and for making a new ' Turnpike Road from Saline towards the North Queens-fern/ Road in the said County of: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

tdi

j-vbei

:;%w

Mr. Plumer presented to the House, according to l<*

Order, a Bill for the better preservation, and further im- Nag‘^tl<* provement, of the Navigation of the River Lee, in the presented. Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Middlesex: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Shaw Lcfevre reported from the Committee, to Fareham, &c. whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fare- re£>rted! ham, in the County of Southampton, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; except the Owners of 50 acres of the intended Inclosure, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Owners of 200 acres, who were neuter; and that the whole number of acres intended to be inclosed is 2,000; (and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Thingdon, Finedon otherwise Finedon, in the County of , was ’

read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shazo Lefevre, Mr. Diekins,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in Frolesworth, in the Frolesworth County of Leicester, was read a second time. committed? ’

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin,

Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rucker'* for naturalizing Henry John Rucker, was read a second c^nateit, time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr.

Mr. Lubbock, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to establish a Chapel of Ease to the Church of Twickenham Tzvickenham, in the County of Middlesex, was read a C0?!^tted!’ second time. COIumi

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin,

Mr. Lubbock, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

ji

Mr. Manning presented to the House, according to London Dock Order, a Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Company-*

A r-th year of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, prefcat«d. Batons, Cuts, and other W oi ks, for the greater accommodation and security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, 1

W'itliin the Port of London, and for extending the powers j

12 and

45 Geo. III.

\(f Aprilis.

205

Leith

forbour Bill,

and provisions of the said Act: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a second time.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for raising a further sum of money for the improvement of the Harbour of I.eith, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dire'" ed

ill for the ncourage-uitfat of yamen, emitted.

powers of two Acts, passed in the second and twenty-fourth years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Steven High Lane*Head, in the County of IVcfimor’and, through , to Greeta

the County Palatine of and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties, and in the County of

York-,without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act jj0wyer'3 to enable Robert of Pall Mall, in the City of Lottery Bill;

Westmins Esquire, to dispose of his collection of Paints ings. Drawings, and Engravings, together with several him to report to the I Ioufe; and he read the Report in his Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, by way of place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend- Chance; without any Amendment: And also, ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amend- The Lords have agreed to intituled. Act London

ments were once read throughout; and then a second for amending an Act, 'passed in the thirty-seventh year Bakers Bill time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put of His present Majesty, to amend and render more thereupon, were agreed to by the House. tual an Act, made in the thirty-first year of his late Ma-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be jesty, for the due making of Bread, and to regulate

price and assize thereof and to punish fobs who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread; so far as the fame relates to the assize and making of Bread to be sold in the City of London and the liberties thereof and within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and ten miles of the Royal Exchange-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Thu Heigh for inclosing Lands in the Paridi of Thnrleigh, in the

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the second reading of the Bill for the encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty’s Navy, he now read:—And the fame being read;—the laid Bill was road a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolvecdflhat the Bill be committed to a Committee of County </ without may Amendment: And

Imirns of

raised

tinder

>feuce AStt Rented.

Jfjcndixy

[Xo. 15.}

the whole House.

jfe/e/mf That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order:—A Paper, intituled, " Weekly Returns " of the number of Men raised under the Additional " Force Act, from the ill of February to the 5th of April

I 8on

-And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table. The said Paper is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Hie Lords

AMeflage from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

lay: agreed to Car:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ciierington for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of - InciolureBj)I*

ton, in the County of Warwick-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Paril/i of Swaton, in the County *ncioiurt of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for have naturalizing John Henoch Christian; to which the Dege’t Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also, Nat. Bill.

The Lords have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act for Gautier's, See. naturalizing John Guy Gautier, John Leiois Frederic Bill. Gautier, and Dennis Benjamin Charl; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Irt’and—

Militia

for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Ireland, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act t iding Ml. voiuntariiy tQ enlill into His Majesty’s Forces and Royal for naturalizing John Henoch Christian Dege, was read the

Wand—

Sxcise

tiuUfioa

MU

jcrhnd di Bill,

Marines; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and five, and amend an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of His present Majesty, for better regulating the ilfuing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the conveyance and protection of certain Exciseable Goods therein mentioned, and to prevent frauds by dealers in, or retailers of such Goods, so far as the fame respects Permits for Spirits or Spirituous Liquors; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for afi’effing the Proprietors of Land in the County of Sutherland, towards the expence of making and i'up-porting such Roads and Bridges therein, as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the forty-third year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of for making a Turnpike Road from to the

Ord, and converting the Statute Labour of the said

Dege's , Nat. Bill, read.

first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gautier’*, &c. for naturalizing John Guy Gautier, John Lewis Gautier, and Dennis Benjamin Charlery, w'as read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their Paper* Address to His Majesty:—Copies of Proceedings before

the Privy Council on a Petition of his Grace John Duke Atiioij, of Atholl, for a further compensation for the sale of the Presentech Feudal Rights of the IJleof Man, in 1765; together with a List :—And the said Lilt was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Papers be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Section.

igford

fading

Bill.

The House was moved, That the Resolutions of the Further County into Money; without any Amendment: And House, of Monday last, respecting the matters contained in Pr(octTd;n§* also, the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, ilrdy'rcoun

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An Aftmight be again read;—And the fame were read; and Melville and for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the are as followeth; viz. Trottcrt

powers of two Acts, passed in the fourth and twenty- ‘ Resolved, That it appears to this House, That, on the fourth years of His present Majesty, for repairing the 18th of June 1782, the House of Commons, in aCom-Road from Shillingford, in the County of Oxjbrd, through mittee of the whole House, came, amongst others, to Wallingford and Pangborne, to Reading in the County the following Resolutions:

" That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That some " regulations ought to be adopted for the purpose ofleflen-" ing and keeping down the Balances of Public Money, oiimd The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act " which appear to have usually been in the hands of the

of Berks-, and for building a Bridge over the River Thames at or near Shillingford Ferry; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

‘er for continuing the terra, and altering and enlarging the " Treasurer of the Navy; and it would be beneficial to the Vol 60. 2 G " Public.

1 Public,

06 10° Aprilis. A. 1805.

" Public,-tf the first and ether Clerks in the different was re-appointed Treasurer of the Navy on the 5th of branches belonging to the said Office, were paid by fixed January 1784, and continued in the said Office until the " and permanent Salaries, in lieu of all Fees, Gratuities, ift of June 1800/

" and other Perquisites whatsoever." ‘ Resolved, That, in the year 1785, an Act of Parlia-

" That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from ment was passed (25 III. c. 31.) intituled, "An Act " henceforward the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s " for better regulating the office of Treasurer of His Land Forces and the Treasurer of the Navy for the Majesty’s Navy," whereby it is directed, that no money " time being, shall not apply any sum or sums of money shall be issued from tire Treasury to the Treasurer of the * imprested to them, or either of them, to any purpose of Navy, but that all monies issued for Naval Services shall <( advantage or interest to themselves, either directly or be paid to the Bank on account of Naval Services, and v indirectly." placed to the Account of the Treasurer of the Navy, and

" That it appears to this Committee, That the Com- shall not be paid out of the Bank unless for Naval Ser-missioners appointed to examine, take, and state the vices, and in pursuance of drafts signed by the Treasurer,

V Public Accounts of the Kingdom, have, so far as or some person or persons authorized by him, which drafts " appears from the Reports which they have hitherto shall specify the heads of service to which such sums are u made, discharged the duty entrusted to them with great to be applied; and that the regulations under the said Act * diligence, accuracy, and ability; and, if Parliament shall take place from the 31st of July '7*5'

* shall carry into execution those plans of reform and * fiThat the execution of the said A ft was post-M regulation which are suggested by the matter contained poned till the month of January 1786; and that from " in the Reports of the said Commissioners, it cannot that time till the month of June 1800, when Lord but be attended with the moll beneficial consequences vi le left the office of Treasurer, contrary to the practice * to the future welfare and prosperity of this Kingdom." established in the Treasurerdiip of the Right honourable

* Resolved, That, in furtherance of the intention of the Isaac contrary to the Resolutions of the House

House of Commons, expressed in such Resolutions, His of Commons of the 18th of June 1782, and in defiance Majesty, by His Warrant, dated 26th June 1782, directed of the provisions of the above-mentioned Act of 25 Geo. III. that the Salary of the Treasurer of the Navy should be c. 31. large sums of money were, under pretence of incheased to the sum of £.4,000 per annum, in full satis- Navy Services, and by a manifest evasion of the Act, at,

faction of all Wages and Fees, and other profits and emo- various times drawn from the Bank and invested in Ex-

foments, theretofore enjoyed by former Treasurers.’ chequer and Navy Bills, lent upon the security of Stock,

* Resolved, That it appears to this House, That, during employed in discounting private Bills, in purchasing the Treasurership of the Right honourable Isaac Bard, Bank and Raft India Stock, and used in various ways the conditions of the aforesaid Warrant were llriftly com- for the purposes of private emolument.’

plied with; that the whole of the money issued from the * Resolved, That Alexander Trotter, Esquire, the Pay-Exchequer to Mr. Barrb for Naval Services, was lodged master of the Navy, was the person by whom, or in in the Bank; that it was never drawn from thence pre- whose name, the Public Money was thus employed; viously to its being advanced to the Sub-Accountants, to and that in so doing, he aftod with the kndwledge and he applied to the Public Service; that, during the time consent of Lord Viscount Melville, to whom he was at Mr. Barrb acted as Treasurer and Ex-Treasurer, he had the same time private Agent, and for whose use or benefit not in his possession or custody any of the Public Money, he occasionally laid out from ten to twenty thousand and that neither he, nor the Paymaster of the Navy, did pounds, without considering whether he was previously derive any profit or advantage from the use or employ- in advance to his Lord ship, or whether such Advances ment thereof.* were made from his public or private Balances.’

* Resolved, That the Right honourable Henry Dundas, ‘ Resolved, That the Right honourable Lord Viscount now Lord Viscount Melville, succeeded to the office of Melville, having been privy to, and having connived at,

Treasurer of the Navy on the 19th August 1782, when »the withdrawing from the Bank of England, for the pur-a further addition was made to the Salary of the said pose, as stated by Lord Melville, of private emolument to Office, in order to produce a net annual income of Mr. Trotter, sums issuedto Lord Melville as Treasurer of

£.4,000. after the payment of all taxes and charges on the Navy, and placed to his account in the Bank, ac-the fame; -and that th>s additional Salary was considered cording to the provisions of the 25 Geo. III. c. 31. has by the said Lord Viscount Melville as granted to him in been guilty of a gross violation of the Law, and a high lieu of all wages, fees, profits, and other emoluments en- Breach of Duty—

joyed by former Treasurers.’ A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed,

* Resolved, That the said Ix>rd Viscount Melville conti- That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, nuedin the said office till the roth of April 1783; that, that He will be graciously pleased to remove Lord Vif-being asked whether he derived any advantage from the count Melville from all Offices held under the Crown use of the Public Money during that period ? he, in his during Pleasure, and from His Councils and Presence examination before the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, forever.

declined answering any question on that head; but that And the said Motion was, with leave of the House, he has, in a letter since written to the said Commissioners, withdrawn.

and dated the 28th March last, declared, " that, previous Resolved, Nernine Contradicente, That the said Refo-" to 1786, he did not derive any advantage from the lutions be laid before His Majesty.

" use or employment of any money issued for carrying Resolved, That the fame be laid before His Majesty " on the service of the Navy;" but Mr. Douglas, who by the whole House.

was Paymaster, being dead, and his Lordship having Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of refused to answer any questions on this head, as aforesaid. His Majesty’s Mod honourable Privy Council, do no evidence has been obtained as to the application of humbly know His Majesty’s pleasure, when lie will be monies issued for the service of the Navy, or the mode of attended by this House. drawing the fame from the Bank during this period/

* Resolved, That the Right honourable Charles Town- Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for Committee00 Jhend, now Lord Bayning, held the office of Treasurer of altering, amending, and enlarging the powers of certain the Navy from the nth of April 1783 to the 4th of Ja- Acts for making and maintaining the Grand Junction Bill* nuary 1784; and that, from the examination of his Lord- Canal, was committed, be revived. revived,

ship, it appears, that, during his Treasurqrftiip, no part

of the money issued for the Service of the Navy was ap- The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Middlefe* plied to his private use or advantage, and that he does the 2id day of March last, " That George Boulton Main-not believe that. Mr. Douglas, who acted under him as " waring, Esquire, and the several other Persons who appointed for Paymaster, derived any profit or advantage from the use " have petitioned this House, complaining of the undue exchanging or employment of the Public Money, except the money " Election of Sir Francis Burdett, Baronet, lor the objea^to'r’ issued for the payment of Exchequer Fees.’ * County of Middlesex, do, by themselves, or their agents,

‘ Resolved, That the Right honourable Henry Dundas * on or before the :5th day of April nexi, deliver to the

7 " Sitting

45 Geo. III. 10° Aprilis.

207

1

t*

]£"

Middlesex Election*— Cooperation of Petition, deferred.

Bill for the Prevention of Smuggling, pseknred.

Report

Supply.

Trish

'Treasury

Bills.

Ireland— Committee n (petting Grand Jury Presentments, deferred.

Thames

Ullage and Ballaitage Petition, •Sported.

" Sitting Member, or his agents, lifts of the persons in* " tended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted " for the Sitting Member, giving in the fairl lifts the " Several heads of objection, and distinguishing the same " against the names of the Voters excepted to; and " that the said Sitting Member do, by himself, or his " agents, within the same time, deliver the like lifts on " his part to the said Petitioners, or their agents," might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said lifts be exchanged upon the 20th day of this instant April.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon the 22d day of March last, for taking into consideration, upon Thursday the 25th day of this instant April, the Petition of George Boulton Maimoaring, Esquire, Sir William Gibbons, Baronet, Sir Curtis, Baronet,

Jlenry Thornton, Esquire, William Melli/h, Esquire, and Samuel Pepvs Cockerell, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election for the said County, might be read:—And the same being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tuesday the 7th day of May next, at three of the clock in the afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Mr. Hufkiffbn presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual prevention of Smuggling: And the same was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time, Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to confuler further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding eight hundred thousand pounds Irish currency, be granted to His Majesty, for paying oil'and discharging Treasury Bills due in Ireland in the year 1805.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, yesterday, to consider of enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to advance money out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, on the credit of Preferments made by Grand Juries of Counties, for making or completing Poll Roads; together with the Proceedings relating thereto, might be read:—And the fame being read;

Befolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Guild, Fraternity, or Brotherhood, of the moll glorious and undivided Trinity, and of Saint Clement, in the Parish of Deptford Strand, in the County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House and he read the Report, in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegation* of the said Petition, an Act, Vol. 60.

passed in the 6th year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second* for the better Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River —Alfa,

Several- other Acts, passed in the nth, 18th, and 32a years of his late Majesty, and of the nth, 23d, and 35th years of His present Majesty, for amending and continuing the said first mentioned Act, were read:—And,

Mr. Ambrose Western being examined, said. That the term of the last mentioned Act of the 35th of His present Majesty is near expiring, and that the said Act hath 1 by experience been found useful and beneficial, and that it is expedient and necessary that the fame should be continued, and the Powers thereof altered, amended, and enlarged.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal two Acts, passed in the 6th and 3 2d years of his late Majesty, for the regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames', and to make more effectual regulations relating thereto: And that Mr. Rose, Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Sir Robert , dp prepare, and bring in, the same.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, InstrufHon to to whom the Bill for altering, amending, and enlarging o?Snd junc-a the powers of certain Acts, for making and maintaining tion Caul the Grand Junction Canal, is committed, that they do not proceed upon the said Bill before the 25th day of this instant April.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to Leven Caiul

whom the Petition of Charlotta Beth Widow, Lady of PetitIO"»

the Manor of Leven, in the East Riding of the County reporte * of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, intituled,

* An Act for enabling Chariotta Bethell, Widow, to " make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the river " Hu'l, at a Point in the Parish of LeVtn, near the " boundary between EJke and Leven Carrs, in the East " Riding of the County of York, to Leven Bridge, in the " said Riding," was read:—And, Mr. Robert Norris being examined, said. That the Petitioner has proceeded in the execution of the said Act, and hath completed the said Canal, which is nowT open for public life; but the Rates granted by the said Act have been found infus-ficient to indemnify the Petitioner for the expences incurred in making the said Canal and Works, and it is therefore necessary that the present Rates should be altered and increased, and other Rates granted; and that the said Act hath been found in other respects defective, and it is expedient that the Powers thereof should be altered, amended, and enlarged.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, for enabling Chariot ta Bethell,

Widow, to make and maintain a Navigable Canal From the river Hidl to Leven Bridge, in the East Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. Wilberforce and Mr.

'Heniy Lascelles do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Bill to repeal certain parts of an jWrty Ad, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for duties Bill, granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Pro- comnuUe perty, Professions, Trades, and Offices, and to consolidate and render more effectual the provisions for collecting the said Duties, be now read a second time:—The; said Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

▲ Bill

Carlow and ' Kilkenny Roads Bill* committed.

Report on Provision for Salaries to Judges of Courts of Admiral ly.

Instruction.

Ipswich Port Bill, committed.

Petition against, referred, kc.

208 10'—11° 1805.

A Bill for the better amending and repairing of the Road leading from the Town of to the City of

Kilkenny, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.*

Mr. Ponfnnbv, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

-• The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- dclt'TOt-lider farther of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Refoh'ed, That this House will, upon Friday the 26th day of this instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Hufldffondo make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of lb much of an Act, made 4 3 Geo. III. as relates to the Salaries of the Judges of the Vice Admiralty Courts in the Island of Malta, and in the Bermuda and Bahama Islands; and the enabling His Majesty to grant contingent Annuities to such Judges on their resignation.

Mr. Htiflci(fanaccordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty be enabled to grant, out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, to any person who shall hold the office of Judge of the Vice Admiralty Court in the Island of Malta, such annual salary not exceeding two thousand pounds, as His Majesty shall think proper.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty be enabled to grant, out. of the Consolidated Ftind of Great Britain, to any person who shall hold the office of Judge of the Vice Admiralty Court in the Bermuda Islands, such annual salary not exceeding two thousand pounds, as His Majesty shall think proper.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty be enabled to grant, out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, to any person who shall hold the office of Judge of the Vice Admiralty Court in the Bahama Islands, such annual salary not exceeding two thousand pounds, as I lis Majesty shall think proper.

‘ Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

His Majesty be enabled to grant, out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, under certain conditions, unto any person, who shall have held the office of Judge of the Vice Admiralty Court in the Island of Malta, in the Bermuda Islands, and in the Bahama Islands, an annuity not exceeding one thousand pounds, such annuity to be granted after the resignation of such respective office.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty’s Navy, is committed, that they have power to make provisionin the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

A Bill for improving and rendering more commodious the Port of Ipficich, in the County o was read a

second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Viscount Brome, Sir William Middleton,: And they are to Jneet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Town and Bo-sough of Jpfoich, in the County of Suffolk, in Great Court

assembled, which was presented to the House upon Monday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill he read a second time, might be again read: —And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the said Committee; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their counsel or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit , counsel to be hoard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee, have voices.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways and resolve itfftf into a Committee of the whole House, to dtlrrci consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Refoh'ed, That tins House will, upon Friday the 26th day of this instant April, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 11° die Aprilis;

Anno 450 Georgii IIItU Regis, 1 S05.

Prayers.

LORD Viscount Stafford reported to the House, The King That His Majesty, having been waited upon (pur- aPpo’n‘jtDlie suant to the Order of yesterday) humbly to know His atten Majesty’s pleasure, when He would be pleased to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended this day, at four of the clock, at His Palace of Saint James.

A Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the Spalding and powers of two Acts, passed in the 4th and 24th .' "rs of ES His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the committed. Roads from Spalding High Bridge to the Market Place in Doningfoti, and from the tenth milestone, in the Parish of Go/bertoion, to the eighth milestone, in the Pariflt

of Wigtoft, in the County of Lincoln-, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Cust, Air.

Ellison, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Milverton, Milverton in the County of Warwick, was read a second time. Inclosure Bill, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cust, Air. comnut Dugdale, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Leicesterand Leicestershire and NorthamptonftiireUnion Canal to vary Northampton the line of the said Canal, and to alter and amend the coi^mfud. powers of the Act passed for making the said Canal, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Wilberforce. Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Air. Wdberforce presented to the House, according to Ltw# Order, a Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed c")al ^j11, in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, for enabling precuu Charlolta Bethell, Widow, to make and maintain a Na

vigable Canal from the River Hull to Leven Bridge, in the East Riding of the County of York: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Meihivold, MetWd in the County of Norfolk, was read a second time. incioiure Blit,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Shat Le- comnulteJ* fee re. Air. Coke of Norfolk, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a part of His Needwood Majesty’s allotment of the difaflbreiied Forest or Chase chjPtf B,u* of Nee die nod, in the County of Stafford, for the erection co, um‘tt,d‘ of a Church and the endowment of a Alinifter thereof,

anti

45 Geo. lit. U° Aprilia. 209

and for building and establishing the said Church, was Befolved, That this House will, at the rising of the Adjeummntt. read a second time. Hdufe this day, adjourn till this day fortnight, the 25th

7* Resolved', That the Bill be committed to Mr. Share I.e- day of this instant April. k fevre, Mr. Sullivan, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber. Mr. presented to the House, according to Order, Thames

a Bill to repeal two Acts, paded in the 6th and 32d years

'■ Member Ordered, That Mr. Share Lefevre be adder! to the of his late Majesty, for the regulation of Laftage and *bhj,

1 Ki.ifd to Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, Ballastage in the River Thames, and to make more effec- presented.

,r y"(ycy;uid a Bill to continue and amend two A ids, passed in the 2d teal regulations relating thereto: And the fame was re-nittrworth anf| 24th years of 1 Fis present Majesty, for repairing the ceived; and read the first time, t wdsBiH. poa(j fl0in Castle Sired, at the end of the Town of That the Bill be read a second time.

• Hinckley, to "Lutterworth Town’s-end, and from the Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time

Guide Post at Waleot Town’s-end, in the County of cester, to the eighty milcflone in Welford Field, in the County of Northampton.

jin, Mr. S/iaro Lefevre presented to the House, according relented. to Order, the said Bill: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

(altos Writ, Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this prefr nt Parliament for the Borough of New Mahon, in the room of the honourable Charles La.ounce Dnndas, who, since his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

inland— The House being informed, that Mr. Jolmfon, from Returns, j{,e Office of the Chief Secretary for Ireland, attended ^rented: the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented

to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Tat>f- A Return of the several new Taxes and additional Duties of Excise charged in Ireland by any Act or Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom since the ift of January 1801; distinguishing the years in which the fame were respectively charged, the produce thereof in each year from their commencement, and the amount thereof in the whole, down to the 5th of January 1805: And also,

fine, &c. A Return of the ftocfc in hand, in Ireland, on the 10th of July 1804, of Wine, Sugar, Malt, and Spirits distilled in Ireland, with the amount of the additional Duty charged thereon respectively by any Act of the last Session of Parliament, specifying the fame in and Irish Currency; and also the amount of the increase of certain Public Revenues in Ireland, by making the lame payable in British Currency, from the 10th of July 1804 to the 5th of January 1805.

And then he withdrew:—And the Titles were read. Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Returns be printed, for the Members of the House. ppndii, The said Returns are inserted in the Appendix to io. 46.) this Volume.

ichford Mr. Dugdale reported from the Committee, to whom efure Bill, the Bill for inclosing Lands in the several Hamlets of ncJ‘ Which ford, Afcolt, ami Stowerton, in the Parish of

ford, in the County of Warwick, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to

O

be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the question feve-Tally put thereupon, were agreed to by the I louse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

upon Tommorrow fortnight, the 26th day of this instant April.

A Meftage by Mr. Quarine, Yeoman Usher of the RopJ Aflfent Black Rod- 3 Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several A6is agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, w here a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Walesf their Royal Highnesses the Duke of York, the Duke of Clarence, the Duke of Kent, the Duke of the Duke of Suffer, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Arelibiiliop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal AtTent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord and the Lord Walsingham, named also in the said Com- ' million, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth5 viz.

An Act for allowing a certain Proportion of the Militia in Ireland voluntarily to enlist into His Majesty’s Forces, and Royal Marines:

An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and five, and amend an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the fortieth year of Mis present Majesty, for better regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the conveyance and prote6tion of certain Exciseable Goods therein mentioned, and to prevent frauds by dealers in, or retailers of, such Goods, so far as the fame respects Permits for Spirits or Spirituous Liquors:

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the thirty-seventh year of His present Majesty, to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the thirty-firtl year of His late Majesty, for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the price and assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Broad; so far as the fame relates to the assize and making of Bread to be sold in the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and within the weekly Bills of Mortality, and ten miles of the Royal Exchange:

An Act to enable Robert Boxn/er, of Pall Mall, in the City of Westminster, Esquire, to dispose of his collection of Paintings, Drawings, and Engravings, together with several Copies of certain Books therein mentioned, by way of Chance:

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Pow ers of two A6is, passed in the fourth and twenty-fourth years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Shillingford in the Conn!v of Oxford, through Wallingford and Panghorne, to Reading, in the County of Berks-, and for building a Bridge over the River Thames at or near Shilling ford Ferry:

An Act for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the

3 H County

Committee on Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen.

reported.

Committee on Pro(>erry Duties Bill.

reported*

Bill for regulating the OiBce of

210

11° Apr

A. 1805.

County of Sutherland, towards the expence of making gulation of the Office of the Paymaster General of Paymikt and supporting ftieh Roads and Bridges therein, as shall His Majesty’s Forces, and the more regular payment

be approved of by the Commissioners, appointed by an Act of the forty-third year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of

Scotland; for making a Turnpike Road from Po

to the Ord; and converting the Statute Labour of the said County into money:

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two A As, passed in the second and do prepare, and bring in, the fame, twenty-fourth years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Kirkby Steven High Lane Head, in the

Sedbergh, to Greeta

of the Army, might be read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That leave be given t o bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act; and for the more effectually regulating the Office of Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces: And that Mr. Safe, Lord Charles Henry Somcr-set, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General,

County of Westmorland, through Sedbergh, to Bridge, in the County Palatine of and other

Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties and in the County of fork:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Pari 111 of Thurleigh, in the County of Bedford:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Szvaton, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Cherington, in the County of Warwick.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more elleAually manning His Majesty’s Navy.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday fortnight, the 29th day of this instant April.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, be printed, for the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the several Accounts, which were pre- Account*

fented to the House upon Monday !aft, by Mr. John (bn, rj i'e'*,10 from the office of the Chief Secretary ibr Ireland, be to uepnnud, printed, for the Members of the House.

Prevention of Smuggling,

Bill for the Prevention of

Smuggling,

committed.

A Bill for the more effectual was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House according!}' resolved itself into the said considerei Committee.

Mr. Speaker left Ihe Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said reported. Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which, they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Tuesday fortnight, the 30th day of this instant April.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, be printed, for the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal certain parts of an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Profeftions, Trades, and Offices, and to consolidate and render more effectual the provisions for collecting the said Duties, be now read:—And the fame being read;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 27th day of February last, for taking into considera- Flexion— tion upon Tharfday the 25th day of this instant April* cfPe'tiu'ono? the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Freeholder*,

r

thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders of the County of Middlesex, and claiming to have had a right to vote at the last EleAinn for that County, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said County, might be read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That file said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon this day three weeks, the 2d day of May next, at three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again fen t to the Parties, with Orders for their attendance accordingly.

deferred-

__________^ __________ Mr. Rpresented to the Order, Bill for

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Com- a ®to repeal an Act, made in the 23d year mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made PrHent Majesty, lor the better regulation of the Office Pay matter to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report ^le Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, and

to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and' more regular payment of the Army; and for the Preeate‘

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at more effectually regulating the said Office: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the far'd Bill be read a second time upon this day three weeks, the 2d day next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Tuesday fortnight, the 30th day of this instant April.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, be printed, for the Members of the House. ’

The House was moved. That an Act made in the 23d year of His present Majesty, for the better re-

The House was moved. That the Orders, made upon the 8th day of March last, (that there he laid before this House, a Copy of the Depositions of the State Pri-

*3 foners, House

forthwith.

4.3 Geo. ill. il8—25

ibners, confined in the Gaol of in Dublin,

given on oath before three Judges of the King’s Bench, Mho fat in the prison for tlmt purpose on the 16th and 17th days of July last; and also, a Copy of the Memorials signed conjointly by the said State Prisoners, and presented to the Lord Lieutenant prior and subsequent to those dates) might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Papers be laid before the House forthwith.

iitna of Ordered, That the Account of the Receipts and I flues ctipts, &c. of the Treasury in Ireland, in one year, from the 5th irdanlT January 1803 to the 5th January 1804, together with be printed. the Remains, which was presented to the IJoufe upon the 27th day of March in the last Session of Parliament, be printed, for the Members of the House.

ttonWrit. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Gat ton, in the room of Philip Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East llendred, in the County of Berks.

The other Order of the day being read;

— Befolved, That this House will, upon this day fort-night, the 25th day of this instant April, resolve itself into rand jury a Committee of the whole House, toconsider of enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to advance money out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, on the credit of Presentments made by Grand Juries of Counties, for making or completing Poll Roads.

And then the House adjourned till this day fortnight, the 25th day of this instaftt April.

JovtSy 25° die Aprilis;

Anno 45* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1805. Prayers.

ing’s TV/T R Speaker reported to the House, That the House tlmions -LVX attended His Majesty on the 11th day of this in-*fling stant April, with the Resolutions of the House of the u!il Ac day of this instant April; whereunto His Majesty 11c‘ was pleased to give this most gracious Answer: Gentlemen,

I shall on all occasions receive with the greatest attention any representation of My Commons; and I am fully sensible of the importance of the matter which is the subject of your Resolutions.

ford City Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

rit‘ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Hereford, in the room of John Scudamore, Esquire, deceased.

ferry Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for improving the passage between the

Town of Liverpool and the County' of Chester, at the Rock Ferry, on the River Mersey, and for levying Tolls on Vessels using the fame: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a feeond time.

* Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom !wd "igrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Thomas Barrow, Esquire, and the person and persons for the time being respectively entitled to the Freehold in possession of and in the Moiety of certain Estates in Mane liefer, in the County Palatine of Lan~ casier, under the Will of William deceased, to

grant and convey the fame Moiety in fee Ample for building upon, or otherwise improving the same, reserving rents, or to make building leases thereof; or to join with the Owner or Owners for the time being, of the other Moiety thereof in making such grants and conveyances or leases respectively, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for building a new Gaol in the Borough of Portsmouth Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, was read a feeond tirpe.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin,

Mr. Erskine, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to continue and amend two Acts, passed in the Hinckley and 2d and 24th years of His present Majesty, for repairing ^jdesr the Road from Castle Street, at the end of the Town of committed’. Hinckley, to Lutterworth Town’s-end, and from the Guide Post at Walcot Town’s-end, in the County of Lei-refer, to the eighty milestone in Field, in the County of Northampton, was read a feeond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin,

Sir Edmund Cradock Ilartopp, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Baldwin presented to the House, according to the Perthy Order, a Bill for inclosing the Commons called the Perthy ^"^(arton and New Mar ton Common, in the Parish of Ellesmere, in inC7ofurTBiH, the County of Salop: And the fame was received; and presented. read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a feeond time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. The Lords Harvey: W agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ayrshire for altering, amending, and consolidating, several Acts Roads Bl11* for repairing Turnpike Roads in the County of Ayr, for repairing other Roads therein, and for making more effectual the Statute labour in the said County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Plymouth for the making, repairing, lighting, watching, and water- Roads Bl11-ing certain Roads from the Borough of Plymouth to Stonehouse Bridge and Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Stands and Fares of Hackney Coaches and Carts using the fame; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Carmarthen for the preservation of Salmon and other Fish in the Rivers in the County of Carmarthen, and County of the Flllienes 1 Borough of Carmarthen; without any Amendment: And

also, Th T I

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for have puffed naturalizing Hemy Huguenin; to which the Lords desire Huguenin’s the concurrence of this House. Nat. Bill.

And then the Mefi’engers w ithdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the first Bill read, time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a feeond time.

The House being informed, that Mr. Johnson, from the Ireland— Office of the Chief Secretary for Ireland, attended at the Paper* door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the pre en 6 * House, pursuant to their Orders,

Returns from the several Sheriffs, Gaolers, and other person* in Persons, Keepers of places of Confinement in Confinement,

of the Persons who have been detained or committed to their custody since the 23d day of July 1803, under the authority of any Act or Acts, passed in the last and preceding Sessions of Parliament, empowering the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland,

25° A prills.

A. 1805.

to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they limit , suspect of conl’pirinir against His Majesty’s l’erson and Government;—together with a List: And also,

Compenfa- , Copies of the Claims laid before the Commissioners, ti°ns. under Act 40 Geo. III. c. 34, by all Persons claiming compensation in consequence of their Ofiires being discontinued, or diminished in value, by the Union, and of the evidence laid before the said Cominidioners in support of such Claims •,—together with a Schedule: And also,

A Return of the number of days, exclusive of Sundays, fmee the appointment of the Commissioners, under Act 40 Geo. III. c. 34, on which no business came before them, with the amount of the whole expence of the said Commissioners, and of such other Persons as have been employed in the execution of the said Act: And also,

A Return of the Proceedings of the Commissioners, under Act 40 Geo. III. c. 34, from the time of their last Return: And also.

Copies of Cafes on behalf of the Commissioners, appointed under an Act in Ireland, for allowing Compensation for lodes in consequence of the Union; together with Copies of the Opinions of the Attorney and Solicitor General of England thereon: And also, Copies of Claims laid before the Commissioners, under Act 40 Geo. III. c. 34, in respect of the lloroughs of Swords, Clogher, Leighlin and Ferns, and Sf. Canice otherwise Irishtmon, and of the adjudication of the said Commissioners thereon: And also.

Civil List. A Return of the Civil List of Ireland, distinguished into its separate classes according to an Act of the 33d year of His present Majesty, passed in the Parliament of Ireland-, specifying whether any and what Savings have been made in any and which of the said classes, in consequence of any other and what provisions being made for any and which of the Officers in the said classes respectively enumerated, or by any other and what means, and the application of such Savings; specifying also such additions, if any, as ha ye been made to any and which of the said classes, the authority by which the fame were made, and the several payments made on account of such additions: And also,

State Copy of the Depositions of the Slate Prisoners con-Prisoners. fme(j jn t)ie Gaol of Kilma in t lie County of Dublin, given on oath before the Judges of the King’s Bench, who fat in the piifou for that purpose on the 16th, 17th, and 18th days of July 1804: And also.

Copy of Memorial of the State Prisoners confined in KHmainham Gaol, 21ft June 1804: And also.

Copy of Memorial of the State Prisoners confined in Kilmainham Gaol, 25th June 1804: And also.

Public

Income.

State of Prisons.

Appendix,

(No. 47.)

A Return of the Payments made on account of the different Balances and Arrears, stated, by an Account of the ordinary Revenues and extraordinary Resources of Ireland, to be outstanding on the 5th days of January 1804 and 1805 respectively;—and, a Return of the Payments on account of Duties, by the said Account stated to be due but not payable until after tiic 5th day of January 1805.

Mr. Johnson also presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of the Parliament o

A Book, intituled, A Report on the State of the Prisons of Ireland for the year 1804, by the Inspector

General thereof."

And then he withdrew ;—and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Book do lie upon the Table.

The fix first and four last of the said Papers, and the said Book, are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the seventh Paper is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Dulwich Inclosure Bill, jj committed.

A Bill for inclosinsr Lands in the Manor of Dulwich, the County of Surrey, was read a second time. liefolved, That the Bill he committed to Sir John Fre-

derick, Lord William Bit fell, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber. *

A Bill for erecting Toll Bars and levying Toll Duties Dunfcnr.iinc, on the Road from Dunfermline to Nivhigsfonc, in the Counties of Fife and Kinrofe, and for making a new committed. Turnpike Road from Saline towards the North Queens* ferry Road, in the said County of Fife, was readasecond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General '*f.

Clephane, the Lord Binning, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill for repealing an Act, made in Dayap-the 44th year of His present Majesty, intituled, u An Act for better governing, maintaining, and employing Reading of Lea " the Poor of the Parish of Saint Paneras, in the County |aint Pa!!cral ^-" of Middlefer, for providing a new Work house for the °°r ' *

<c use of the said Parish, for appointing Collectors of the " Rates, and for other purposes therein mentioned;" and for making more eft’eciual Provision for those and other purposes, be read a second time upon Monday next.

S\r John William Anderson reported from the Commit- Rotherbithe tee, to whom the Petition of the Persons wh ,fe names pe^t"^ are thereunto lubleribed, was referred; That the Com- reported.' mittoe had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame uas read; and is as followed!; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Robert Vazie being examined, said, That in consequence of the increase of the Trade and Commerce of the Port of London, great ineonveiiiencies and delays are experienced determined by the Inhabitants and Persons eonne&ed with, going to and from, and carrying on Trade in, the vicinity of Deptford, Greenwich, 7lot her hi the Limehouse, Shad-zvell, and Parts adjacent, from the want of a more convenient communication than by London Bridge:—That not only great national advantage wi 11 be derived, but also great benefit would accrue to the Metropolis and the Persons interested in the Trade of. and connected with the said Distrii’ts, if an uninterrupted Land Communication were made for Horfos, Carriages, Cattle, and Foot PaOengers, between the Counties of Kent, Surrey, Middlesex, and Essex, by means of a good and sufficient Road or Roads, and other Works necessary, under the River Thames, from some Part or Parts of the Parish of Saint Mary Rolhcrhithe, in the county of * Surrey, to some Part or Parts of the several Parities of Saint Dun-fans Stepney, Saint Ann* IJmehouse, Saint Paul's Shadwe/l, and Saint John trapping, in the County of Middle,(ex, or of some or one of them.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Road or Roads under the River Thames from the Parish of Saint Mary Bother-hifhe, in the County of Surrey, to the oppolife fide of the said River, in the County of Middlesex: And that Sir John William Anderson and Mr. Alderman Combe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

>a

(aE:'

ac£i

da

L:

L,

rjK

L*1 r.

L

'id,

Ordered, That the Account, frating the total number AccouncoF of Dollar Tokens idued by the Bank of Ireland to the i ft of March 180/;, and at what rate, and also specify- in ir^iancf, ing the amount idued in each month, together with the tobci)rilltc * amount outstanding on the last day of each month, be printed, for the Members of the House.

Mr. Cumming reported from the Committee, to whom F^in and the Bill for making and repairing certain Roads, in the Bill, County of Elgin, and for levying a converiion in lieu of reported, the statnte labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the high Roads and Bridges in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, whic h they had directed him to report to the Iloule; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout;

45 Geo. III.

25° Aprilis.

213

Frizington Inclosure Eitl> committed.

Leith Harbour Bill, JauTc<1.

Leren

Canal Bill, committed.

Dege’i Nat. Bill, committed.

Ireland—* Promi ifory Notes Regulation BUI, •rdtred.

Iritfi Small Debt! Bill, ordered.

Petitions respecting the Tenth Report on Naval Enquiry s

Southwark,

London.

and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township and Manor of Frizingfon, in the Parish of in the County of Cumberland, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hitrjl, Mr. Ounce n, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a further sum of Money for the improvement of the Harbour of Leith, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising a further sum of Money for the improvement of the Harbour of Leith.

Ordered, That the Lord Binning do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Bill for altering and amending an Act, passed in the 41ft year of I lis present Majesty, for enabling Charlotta Bethel!, Widow, to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Hull to Leven Bridge, in the F.aft Riding of the County of York, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Lascelles, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Henoch Chrifian Dege, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, Baldwin, Sir Robert John Buxton,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate the issue of Promifi'ory Notes and Bills of Exchange in Ireland: And that Mr. Lee and Mr. Odell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more expeditious recovery of Small Debts in Ireland: And that Mr. Lee and Mr. Odell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Electors of the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, in behalf of themselves, and the other Electors, in Common Hall assembled, was presented to the House, and read; congratulating the House upon the result, so glorious to the character of Parliament, of the dilcuflions which took place in the House, on the 8th and 10th days of this instant April, respecting the gross malversations in certain branches of the Executive Government, which have been disclosed in the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Inquiry; And praying the House to follow up that virtuous line of conduct, which has diffused such signal satisfaction through the whole country; and the Petitioners intreat the House to fist to the bottom the mass of Abuses which the aforesaid Commissioners have traced and exposed; and to renew, without loss of time, and extend, if necessary, the powers so faithfully executed by those Commissioners; and the Petitioners implore the House to pull down guilt, however protected, to save from rapacity, peculation, and fraud, a People who contribute cheerfully to the real wants of the State, and who never complain but when their generous temper is abused and imposed upon: So shall the Commons of England take the most efficient course possible to vindicate the sullied honour of the Government; to confirm the public confidence; and to plant in all good hearts the most un-. feigned admiration of the British Constitution.

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Liverymen, of the City of London, in Common Mali assembled, was all'o presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have uniformly concurred in and supported such measures as have appeared conducive to

the iafety and welfare of His Majesty’s dominions, and have cheerfully submitted to the most unexamp’ed burthens, under a confidence that the resources of the Country were faithfully and hpneftly administered; and that they learn, with the utmost concern and astonish-ment, from the Reports of the Commissioners for Naval Enquiry, now before the House, that the Right honourable Henry Dundai Viscount Melville, late Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, has been guilty of a gross violation of the law and a high breach of duty, whereby iromenfe Sums of the Public Money have been perverted to private emolument; and that they conceive it to be a high aggravation of such offence, that these disgraceful transaelions were carried on during a period of unprecedented difficulty, when the very existence of the Country was said to be at flake; and that the person so abusing his trull, so violating the law, Wa9 in the enjoyment of several high and lucrative offices} and evetf among the foremost in laying additional burthens Upon the people, and calling upon them to submit to the most painful privations; and that they are duly impressed with a high sense of the virtue, integrity, and firmness of the House, and strongly participate ill the sentiment which so generally pervades all ranks of His Majesty’s faithful subjects, of the wisdom and fidelity with which it has discharged its most sacred trull, by the progress it has made towards protecting the people against such gross violations of the law and breaches of Public Duty;

‘and that the Petitioners approach the House, as the Guardians of the Liberties and Property of the People; under a full conviction that such shameful abuses will induce the House to do ample justice to the outraged feelings of the Country, by bringing to condign punishment convicted criminality; and that they beg to submit to the House, that it would be highly derogatory to His Majesty’s Government, prejudicial to the Public Service* and insulting to the House, and the Nation at large, for Lord Melville any longer to Continue in His Majesty’s Councils, or to hold any place of trust, profit, or honour, in or under the Government; and that they conceive all other persons who may be implicated in, or have Connived at such abuses, to be incapable any longer of serving the Country with honour or advantage, and ought equally to be brought to a severe account: And therefore praying, That the House, taking these matters into their serious consideration, will vigorouffy promote and prosecute those enquiries, and cause the powers of the said Commissioners to be prolonged and extehded, and other measures to be adopted, in order that such further enquiry may be made into the Receipt, Management, and Expenditure of the Public Money, and the conduct of the Public Offices, as may lead to the detection of all abuses and the punishment of all offences, and that such a fyltem of vigilance and economy may be eilablithed, as may effectually guard against the recurrence of such flagrant abuses.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the New Sarum, City of New Sarum, was likewise presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have pe-rufed, with much concern and interest, the Resolutions of the House of the 8th and 10th days of this instant April; with concern, that any charges of the nature , therein implied should attach upon any individual in high official situation, and with interest, that the repre- * feutatives of the Nation have, under the circumstance of such charges, marked such individual with their censure and reprobation; and that the Petitioners beg leave to state, that, in common with the Nation at large, they have to lament the weight of the burdens to winch the Legislature has found it necessary to submit them, but they claim for themselves, in common with the Nation at large, the merit of having borne them with patience, , readiness, and equanimity, trusting that what had been granted liberally would be applied faithfully; but when a suspicion is gone forth, under the authority of Parliamentary Commissioners, and that suspicion apparently adopted by the House, that peculation has been hard at work, the Petitioners take leave to call upon the National Representatives for red refs, reminding them, that it is of little consequQtice as a public grievance, of little con-

3 I sequence

214

25" Aprilis.

A. 1805.

sequence in point of official morality, whether the actual peculation be by men of great authority and power, or by their deputies and fubaltems under their permission

and connivance; And therefore praying the House to continue such Commission of Enquiry as has already discovered such abuses, and to institute any new Commission which may be necessary to ascertain whether in any other department of the State the National Finances have been misapplied, and also to devise such legal proceedings upon those instances of misapplication already before the Public, as may satisfy the general cry for justice, by bringing all persons concerned to a drift responsibility.

And the said Petitions were Severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Petition of A Petition of Benjamin Tucker, Esquire, late one of Mr- Tucker’ the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy, was presented the PCommif- to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Peti-sioners of the tioner has learned, from the proceedings of the House, Nsvy* that the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy did, on the i ft of April last, transmit to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, a Letter containing certkin gross, folfe, and Scandalous misrepresentations and reflections upon the character and conduct of the Petitioner, whilst engaged in his duty, as one of the Commissioners of the Navy, in investigating the Accounts of His Majesty’s Ships Romney and Sensible, a copy of which Letter now lies on the Table of the House; and that neither the Commissioners of the Navy nor the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty have been pleased to make any 'communication whatever to the Petitioner, either respecting the transmission or receipt of this Letter, or of the contents thereof, and he must have remained totally ignorant of the calumnies, misrepresentations, and direct false-, hoods, contained in the said Letter, and without the power or opportunity to contradict and expose the fame, had he not observed them in the proceedings of the House; and that the Petitioner, feeling himself deeply Jiurt and aggrieved by the false assertions and infmuations contained in the said Letter, hath addressed to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty a full, and he trails, Satisfactory exposition of his conduct and motives relative to the accounts before referred to: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to give directions, that a copy of the Petitioner’s said Letter to the Secretary to the Admiralty, dated 24th April 1805, may be presented to the House, and that such other proceedings may be had in the premises as shall appear to the House expedient to do speedy justice to the Petitioner.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Copy of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy M^Tucker a ^ettRr from Benjamin Tucker, Esquire, late one of ordered. ’ the Commissioners of the Navy, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated 24th April 1805.

Complaint made of a Newspaper.

Complaint being made to the House, of a printed Newspaper, intituled, " The Daily Oracle,

" and True Briton? printed and published by P. Stuart,

No. 35, Fleet Street, as containing libellous reflections on the character and conduct of this House, in breach of the privilege of this House;

The said Paper was delivered in at the Table, and read.

Ordered, That the said P. Stuart do attend this House Tommorrow.

The House was moved, That the Tenth Report of the Committee Commissioners of Naval Enquiry', respecting the Office Tenth Report of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, which was pre-on Naval fented to the House upon the 13th day of February last, Enquiry. be read:—And the fame being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That a Select Committee be appointed to make a further enquiry.into the matters contained in the said Report j and to report the fame, together with their observations and opinion thereupon, to the House;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the word That" to the

end of the Question, in order to add these words «the " said Report be referred to a Select Committee, to en-" quire into the application of any Monies issued to the " Treasurer of the Navy for Naval Services, to purposes w not Naval, and whether any and what representations * were made to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or the Chancellor of the Exchequer,

" respecting the withdrawing from the Bank any Sums " of Money so issued, since the passing of the Act of the " 25th Geo. III. c. 31.; and also into the proceedings had " for the recovery of the Debt due to the Crown by the * late Adam Jellicoe," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the words proposed to be left out, Hand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, f»rr’ C\

£ M r. George Ponsonby 3 J

Tellers for the Noes klr. J o_oc\

tellers for the IN oes,^Mr H$ 9'

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the words " the " said Report be referred to a Select Committee, to en-" quire into the application of any Monies issued to the " Treasurer of the Navy for Naval Services, to purposes " not Naval, and whether any and what representations " were made to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or the Chancellor of the Exchequer,

" respecting the withdrawing from the Bank any sums " of Money so issued since the passing of the Act of the " 25th Geo. III. c. 31.; and also, into the proceedings " had for the recovery of the Debt due to the Crown " by the late Adam Jellicoe," be added instead thereof;—*

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to a Select Committee, to enquire into the application of any Monies issued to the Treasurer of the Navy for Naval Services, to purposes not Naval, and whether any, and what representations were made to the Lords Commissioniers of His Majesty’s Treasury, or the Chancellor of the Exchequer, respecting the withdrawing from the Bank any sums of Money so issued, since the passing of the Act of the 25th Geo. III. c. 31.; and also into the proceedings had for the recovery of the debt due to the Crown by the late Adam Jellicoe.

Resolved, That the number of the said Committee be twenty-one.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That Mr. William Baker of be of the said

Committee;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the words " Mr. William Baker of Hertfordshire, be of," and at the end of the Question, to add the words, " be chosen by way of ballotting."

And the Question being put, That the words proposed to be left out. Hand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas. $J; } rao.

t ji,«, c- .1 v S Lord Viscount DunloA

lellers for the Jnocs,; Ar r, ft z-:r.

t Mr.: ) J

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the words " be " chosen by way of ballotting," be added at the end of the Question;—It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That the said Committee be chosen by way of ballotting.

And the House having continued to fit till after one of the clock on Friday Morning;

Ordered, That the Members of this House do, this day, at four of the clock, prepare Lifts, to be put into glades,. of twenty-one Persons names, to be the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said glades be placed upon the Table; and the said Lifts, held up between the finger and thumb, be put into the glades, at the Table, by the

■ Members

45 Geo. III.

25°—26° Apr ills.

215

Members called over for that purpose, according to the pensation for the Tythes arising within the same:

Counties and Places*they serve for, as the said Counties And the fame was received; and read the first time, and Places are entered in the Return Book. That the Bill be read a second time.

Me of Man Xrnde Bill> deferred.

Ireland— PromitVory Kotos Bill, deferred.

Land Tax

Commissioners Bill, deferred.

Ireland— Committee respecting Grand Jury Preferments, deferred.

The Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating and encouraging the Trade; for the improvement of the Revenue; and prevention of Smuggling to and from the IJlc

Resolved, That this House will, this day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for restraining the negociation of certain Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange in Ireland.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting into execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting to I lis Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in , and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Brifaiti, for the service of the year 1805; and an Act, made in the 38th year of His present Majesty, for granting an aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1798.

Resolved, That this House will, this day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to advance Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, on the credit of Preferments made by Grand Juries of Counties for making or completing Poll Roads.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Veneris, 26° die Apr ilis

Anno 45* Georgii IIIm Regis, 1805.

AyfR. Joseph Scott reported from the Committee, to

n* 1V1 w

Prayers.

Rustock

reportedf1^* whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Rujhoclc, in the County of Worcester, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satis-faction of the Committee (except the Owners of 28 aeres of the intended Inclosure, who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Owners of 103 acres, who were neuter; and that the whole of the Land intended to be inclosed consists of 1085 acres and 16 perches; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill,

J and made several Amendments thereunto, which they

had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question ! severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Biechingiy Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a now Writ for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Blechingly, in the room of James Milnes, Esquire, deceased.

Coiiterworth Mr. John Fane presented to the House, according to Rented ^r(^er» a Bdl for inclosing I^ands in the Parish of Colfier-vcorth, in the County of > and for making com-

VOL.60.

A Bill for the better preservation, and further improve- Lee ment, of the Navigation of the River Lee, in the Coun- Nag^Jt,on ties of Hertford, Essex, and Middlesexwas read a second committed, time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Plumer,

Mr. Baker of Hertfordshire, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the ParHh of Shirburn, in Shirbum the County of Oxford, was read a second time. committed81

■ Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Fane, Lord Francis Almaric Spencer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Bill for the the 1 ith day of this instant April, for taking into further £nc° consideration, upon Monday next, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for re-committed, the encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more efl’eftually manning His Majesty’s Navy, was committed, might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday fortnight, the 13th day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands and Com- Petition mon Rights in the Parish of Horfd in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; taking iwioiUreBilL notice of the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor of

Pyrford, in the Parishes of Pyrford and Chertsey, or one of them, in the County of Surrey; and setting forth.

That the rights and interests of the Petitioners may be materially injured by several of the powers and provisions of the said Bill, and that other powers and provisions are necessary to be inserted therein: And therefore praying.

That they may be heard, by their counsel or agents, against the said Bill, and that the fame may not pass into a law as it now stands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their counsel or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have voices.

Sir Martin Broxcne Folkes reported from the Com- GiHi^ham, mittee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Gillingham Saint Mary, Gillingham All Saints, reported! ' * Winjlnn and H’indell, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; ami then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The

Accounts relating to irclsnu^ to be laid before the House forthwith.

Papers relating to Ireland, to be printed.

Nommey's Nat. Bill, committed.

Rotherhithe Tunnel Bill, presented*

Gautier's, &c. . Nat. Bill, committed.

Thames Laftage and Ballastage Bill, committed.

Copy of letter from Comptroller of the Navy, &c. ordered.

Ballot for Select Committee on Tenth Report on Naval Enquiry#

216

26° Aprilis, A. 1805.

The House was moved, That the Orders, made upon the 7th day of March last (that there be laid before this House, an Account of the Expenditure of the several sums issued from the Treasury of , by direction of

Government, for Criminal Prosecutions in the years 1801, 1802, 1803, and 1804, respectively, Hating all the particulars of the fame; and also, an Account of the Expenditure of the different sums granted for Civil Buildings in Ireland, from 5th January 1801 to 5th January

j 805; specifying the particulars, and the warrants and authority by which the fame were paid, and the estimates and approbation of the fame, and the amount of such Expenditure in the whole; and also, an Account of the Expenditure of the different sums granted for apprehending public Offenders in Ireland, from 5th January 1801 to 5th January 1805; specifying the particulars, and the warrants and authority for paying the fame, and the amount thereof in the whole) might be read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Accounts be laid before this House forthwith. '

Ordered, That the several Returns and Papers, which were yefteiday presented to the House by Mr. from the office of the Chief Secretary- for Ireland, be printed, for the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Matews Thomas Francis Hommey, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Alderman Combe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir John William Anderson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Road or Roads under the River Thames, from the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite fide of the said River in the County of Middlesex: And the lame w7as received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Guy Gautier, John Lewis Frederic Gautier, and Dennis Benjamin was read a

second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Mr. Baldwin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the second reading of the Bill to repeal two Acts, passed in the 6th and 3 2d years of his late M a, jesty, for the regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River and to make

more effectual regulations relating thereto, be now read: —And the fame being read; the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

ResolvedThat this House will, upon Monday fortnight, the 13th day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Letter from the Comptroller of the Navy to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, dated the 2 2d of April 1805, on the subject of the Evidence printed in the Eleventh Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry; together with Copies of sundry Papers, therein referred to.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the Members to prepare Lifts, to be put into glasses, of twenty-one Persons names to be the Select Committee, to whom the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry (respecting the office of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy) is referred, to enquire into the application of any

Monies issued to the Treasurer of the Navy for Naval Services; to purposes not Naval, and whether any, and what representations were made to the Lords Commissioners of His. Majesty’s Treasury, or the Chancellor of the Exchequer, respecting the withdrawing from the Bank any sums of money so issued, since the passing of the Act of 25 Geo. III. c. 31.5 And also into the proceedings had for the recovery of the debt due to the Crown by the late Adam Jellicoe; be now read:—And the fame being read

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this

House do go, with the Mace, into the Speaker’s Chambers, and places adjacent, and summon the Members there, to attend the service of the House.

And he went accordingly:—And being returned; the Order, made yesterday, directing the method of putting the said Lifts into Glasses, was read.

Then the Names of the Members being called over, according to that Order, those who then appeared severally put the Lifts, by them prepared, into the glasses at the Table.

And the Names of such Members as did not then appear, were taken down.

And their Names being again called over, several of those Members appeared, and, in like manner, put the Lifts, by them prepared, into the said glasses.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to examine the said Lifts, and to report to the House upon which twenty-one Persons the majority falls:

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Alexander, the Lord Stanley, Mr. Pattefon, Mr. Giles, Lord Viscount Kirkwall, Mr. Cavendish, Mr. Princep, Mr. Serjeant Best, Sir William Elford, Sir Mew Dalrymple Ha-

milton, Mr. Ord, Mr. Langham, Mr. Porcher, Mr. John-stone, Sir Robert Lazclcy, Mr. Robert Thornton, Mr. George

Woodford Thelliiffbn, Mr. Ormsby; and they are to with-

draw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Motion That it is a high breach of Privilege to circulate Lists of the Names of Members to serve upon a Select Com- Lift* fors mittee to be appointed by ballot j

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas fMr‘ Kinnaird> \

1 euers for the 1 eas, £ Mr> Peter Moore . j

Tellers for the Noes fMr‘ Sturg Bourne, 1

1 euers for the JNoes, £Mr Hobhouse . j

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the attendance Proceeding* of P. Stuart, be now read:—-And the fame being read j—

And the House being informed that the said P. Stuart printer of attended accordingly; he was called in; and the News- The Oracle, paper, intituled, " The Daily Advertiser, Oracle, and True Briton" printed and published by PStuart, N° 35, Fleet-Street (which Paper was yesterday delivered in at the Table) being shewn to him at the Bar, lie confessed that he printed and published the said Paper; and expressed his sorrow for having thereby given offence to the House:—And then hg was directed to withdraw.

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the said Peter Stuart, ih having printed and published the said Paper, has been guilty of a high Breach of the Privilege of this House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro* posed. That the said Peter Stuart be, for his said Offence, called to the Bar of this House, and be reprimanded and discharged;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the word " Offence" to the end of the Question, in order to add these Words,

" taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attend-" ing this House," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out Hand part of the Question;—it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " taken " into the custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending thia 12 . t* House,"

Ballot,

(Neg.)

45*

124.

1

j

*!'■£ -

'Xj'£‘

ifei

, kk

1

45 Geo. lit.

£6° Apr

House," be added instead thereof;—It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That the said Peter Stuart be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

*ce of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies ^million- of the Precepts issued by the Commissioners of Naval ^oi Nawl £nqU'Uy to the Treasurer of the Navy, on the ioth and Suntrof 17th of July 1804; and of such part of the Correspon-?»y.«. dene^ of the Treasurer of the Navy with the Commis-der,<)' sioners of Naval Enquiry, relating to the preparation and trartfmission of the Returns to the said Precepts, as has not been annexed by the said Commissioners to their Tenth Report.

Irrbn(i_ The House was movpd, That an Act made in the nil tuamend Parliament of Ireland 29 II. intituled, "An Act d'ins to " for amending and making more effectual the several t,rii Fruits, Laws relating to the First Fruits, payable out of the opined. u ecc]efiafiical Benefices in this Kingdom; and for the " better regulation and management of the charitable " Bequest of Doctor Hugh , late Lord Arch-

" hilltop of Armagh, for augmenting the maintenance of

" poor Clergy in this Kingdom," might be read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending the said Act: And that DoctorMr.

Fafter, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. , do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Piper, Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies nf)*aing of the Orders given by the Lords of the Treasury to

fomand Claude Scott, Esquire, for the sale of Corn and Flour,

flour, and also for the sale of the Cargoes of the Neutral Vessels

«ire|COtt’ detained by the Order of Government in the year 1795.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Accounts of such Sales delivered by Claude Esquire, to Government, and also, of all Accounts diewing when the proceeds of those Sales were paid to Government.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Accounts of Corn and Flour sold by Claude , Esquire, to Government, between the years 1795 and 1800, and also of all Payments made by Government to the said Claude Scott on account of such Sales.

accounts,&c. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

ordered: Account of all the Pensions, granted by the Crown be-

Ptniions. tween the ift of May 1804 and the ill of April 1805. Silanes. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Sign Manuals, Writs of Privy Seal, Letters Patent, and King’s Warrants, by which additions have been made to the Salaries of any public Officers during the years 1804 and 1805.

tmmts, Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-r ert ’ count of the Sums paid into, and the Charges upon, the -^daKd Consolidated Fund, between the 5th of January 1804 and the 5th of April 1805; distinguishing each Quarter, lament Ordered., That there be laid before this House, an Ac-raXM- count of the produce of the Permanent Taxes, and of the War Taxes, in the Quarter ending 5th April 1805; distinguishing the Permanent Taxes and the War Taxes.

;!and— The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 5, ° enJ last Session of Parliament, to prevent the counterfeiting ■Ki. of Silver Coin issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, called Dollars, and Silver Coin which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, called Tokens; and to prevent the bringing into the United Kingdom, or uttering, any counterfeit Dollars or Tokens, might be read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to extend the provisions of the said Act to certain Silver Coin which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, called Tokens, and to promote the circulation of the said Tokens: And that Mr. Foster, Mr, VoL, 60,

Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. Henry Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read :•—And the fame being read; the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directea him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Ireland— resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Grand jury Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to Presentmenti. advance Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, on the credit of Preferments made by Grand Juries of Counties for making or completing Poll Roads, be now read :—And the fame being read;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

A Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the 40th London Dock year of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Cojj)|fny'* Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater accom- committed, modation and security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for extending the powers and provisions of the said Act, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Manning, Mr. Devaynes, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Supply, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confi* de*rred* der further of the Supply granted to His Majesty

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Ireland— solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for restraining the negotiation of certain Promis- deferred, fory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange in;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Samuel Thornton reported from the Committee, Hull Deck* to whom the Bill for raising a further sum of Money for carrying into execution an Act, passed in the 42dyear of report His present Majesty, for making additional Basons or Docks at King/ton upon Hull, was committed; That the

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments

3 K

218

in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

26°—29" Aprilis. A. 1805.

Resolved, That the 6ill i>e committed to Mr. Baldwin, Sir William Pulleney, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Hnguenini naturalizing Henry was read a second time, tumii'iinn}

, , TT r j- j .-n w j Re/blved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldzoin,

And then the House adjourned t.Il Monday Mr ^w/ &c . And they are to meet this Afternoon,

Morning next, 1 en of the Clock. - , Sueaker>s chamber. 7

Lunce, 29° die Aprilis;

Anno 45* Georgii III'11 Regis, r8o^.

Prayers.

Farehim, See. A N ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of IndofnreBili, Fareham, in the County of Southampton, w as read the third time.

, The Amendments following, were severally proposed

to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. i. 1. 17. To leave out from " hundred" to " acres" in line 18.

■ Pr. 23.1. 31. To leave out from " direct" to "And" in Pr. 25. 1. 38.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fareham, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaio Lefevre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Voice* to Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Com-

Committeeon mittee, to whom the Bill for the better preservation, and Navigation further improvement, of the Navigation of the River Lee, in the Counties of Hertford, and is

committed.

Petition* A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands and.Tene-

in favour of ments in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of faint Paatcra* Middlesex:And also,

°°r 1 A Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of the

Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, who are Directors of the Poor of the said Parish: And also,

A Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the 44th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better governing, main-" taining, and employing the Poor of the Pari Hr " of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex,

" for providing a new Workhouse for the nfe of the " said Parish, for appointing Collectors of the " Rates, and for other purposes therein mentioned and for making more effectual provision for those and other purposes: And praying. That the fame may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Rucker’* Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom Nat. Bill, the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for " piffll!in naturalizing Henry John Rucker, was committed; That

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table :—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. '

The Perth, A Bill for inclosing the Commons called The Perth, New Martou and New Mar ton Commin the Parish of Ellesmere, in

incirvfure Bill, the County of Salop, was read a second time.

committed'

in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. James Graham reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Mateios Thomas Francis Hommey, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. James Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Sir Hew Dalrymple Hamilton do make the Report from the Committee, to wdiom the Bill for confirming the Charter, and enlarging the powers of the Incorporation of the Oliicers of Excise in Scotland, was committed.

Sir Hero Dalrymple Hamilton accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for erecting and maintaining a Harbour, Docks, and other Works, at Ardroffan, in the County of Ayr, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for erecting and maintaining a Harbour, Docks, and other Works, at Ardroffan, in the County of Ayr.

Ordered, That Sir Hero Dalrymple Hamilton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Bill for improving the Passage between the Town of Liverpool and the County of Chefer, at the Rock Ferry on the River Mersey, and for levying Tolls on Vessels using the fame, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley, Mr. Blackburne of Lancqshire, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. George Baillie reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an Act, made in the 27th year of I lis present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Berwick upon Tweed, by Ay ton Bridge, to Bridge,

and also the Roads from BCaufeway and Prefion Bridge, to join the said Road at or near Cockhurnfpafh Tower, in the County of Berwick, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Proprietors and Occupiers of Land in the County of Berwick, was referred; That tire Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments w'ere once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of

them

Horamey'i Nat. Bill, reported, and pafltd.

Scotland-*

Excise

Officers

Incorporatka

Bill,

reported.

Ardroffan Harbour, deed Bill, paired*

Rock Ferry Bill, committed.

Berwick Roads Bill* reported.

- v^.

45 Geo. lit. 29° Aprilis. 219

them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be . ingrafted.

L;tion A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in exe*

11 ^tiling cution two Acts, made in the gth and 12th years of His

i bticw wr prefCllt Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road JJa Bill. from the City of Norwich, to Scale Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting '•> forth, That in pursuance of leave granted by the House

on the 18th day of March last. Notices have been given

of the application to Parliament for leave to bring in a Bill for enlarging the term and powers of the said Aids, and for increasing the Tolls upon the said Road: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Robert FeUotees, Sir Jacob Henry Afilext, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nineof the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Potion A Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of the jgainil "parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of

was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the 44th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better governing, maintaining, and employing the Poor of " the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of " dlesex, for providing a new Work house for the use of " the said Parish, for appointing Collectors of the Rates,

" and for other purposes therein mentioned," and for making more effectual provision for those and other purposes; and setting forth. That the Petitioners feel th? uttermost grief at any repeal of the said Act, as it gives every competent power to build a Workhouse for the said Parish: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or counsel, against the said Bill passing into a law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a second time: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit. -Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

nnford Mr. Gumivg reported from the Committee, to whom wed!B'U* for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of

Cranford Saint John, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satis-section of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

yny Leg/i Keck presented to the House, according to

Bin, order, a Bill for more effectually repairing and improv-rted. ing the Road from Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Guide Post in Margaret's Field Leicester, and another Road therein mentioned: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

The House being informed, that Mr. Williams, Se- Precept* of cretaiy to the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Enquiry, to the House, pursuant to their Order, presented.

Copies of the Precepts issued by the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry to the Treasurer of the Navy, o'ri the 1 oth and 17th of July 1804; and of suchpart of the Corref-pondeftce of the Treasurer of the Navy with the Commissionere of Naval Enquiiy, relating to the preparation and transmission of the Returns to the said Precepts, as has not been annexed by the said Commissioners to their Tenth Report.

And then he withdrew;—And the Title was read* '

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Papers be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst; the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. James Graham be added to the Member Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, ad.ded ,to a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the Petition of several Treflngton Owners of Lands in the Parish of , in the Inclosure Bill.

County' of Gloucester.

Mr. James Graham presented to the House, according Bill, to order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Tred- prefeQte<t ing ton, in the County of Gloucester: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the Return of

Office of the Chief Secretary for Ireland, attended at the ^"purchase6 door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to o^L-indsat the House, pursuant to their Order, Dublin CafUe,

A Return of the different Contrafts or Agreements Prelcllted* made since the 23d day of July 1803, for the purchase of Houses, Tenements, and Grounds, surrounding the Castle of Dublin; specifying the persons by w hom the fame were made, the dates thereof, and the full amount of such Contrafts and Agreements, the sums actually paid on account thereof, and the authority or warrant by which such sums were paid, and such Contrafts made.

And then he withdrew;—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Return be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Return is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

- The House being informed, that Mr. Parnell, from Account ' the Office of the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland, «fp«a*nB attended at the door; he w'as called in; and, at the offenders Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, in inland.

An Account of the Expenditure of the different sums Presented* granted for apprehending Public Offenders in Ireland, from the 5II1 day of January 1801 to the 5th day of January 1805; specifying the particulars, and the warrants and authority for paying the fame, and the amount thereof in the whole.

And then he withdrew;—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is inferred in ..the Appendix to Appendix, this Volume. (No. 48.)

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. The Lords Simeon: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Leadl.lils, &c. for continuing the term and altering the powers of so Roads Blll\ much of two Acts, made in the twelfth and thirty-second years of His present Majesty, as relate to the Road from Inglifton Bridge, by Biggar, to and to the

confines of the County of Lanark, and for making and maintaining a continuation of the said Road from°ZW-phinton to the confines of the County of Edinburgh; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sudborne for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sudborne, in the Llclol'ure Bill. County of Su folk; without any Amendment.

And tjien the Messengers withdrew.

Mr.

220' 294 Jprilis. A-. 1805.

jrtumptree, Mr. Pierrepmit presented to the House, according to

Inclosure Bill ^‘ ^er» a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of pretexted. * * trrc, in the County of Nottingham: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

f*per«, Mr. Dickinson, junior, presented to the House, pur-

presented suant to their Orders,

Letter from A Copy of a Letter from the Comptroller of the Navy

the Naly, t^ie Fords Commissioners of the Admiralty, dated the

See. ’ 2 2d of April 1805, on the subject of the Evidence printed in the Eleventh Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry; together with Copies of sundry Papers therein referred to:—And the 1 itles were read;—and the said Papers were a!£a read.

Letter from A Copy of a Letter from Benjamin Tucker, Esquire, Mr. Tucker. Jate one of fiie Commissioners of the Navy, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated 24th April 1805; with an . Enclosure:—And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Pppers do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Papers be printed, for the Members of the House

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Sessiori.

continue The House was moved, That an Act, made 43 Geo. IIf. Naval Com- for appointing Commissioners to enquire and exa-mi(Boner* mine into any Irregularities, Frauds, or Abuses, which

ordered. are or ^ave been practised by persons employed in the several Naval Departments therein mentioned, and in the business of Prize Agency; and to report such obfen-. rations as shall occur to them for preventing such Irregularities, Frauds, and Abuses; and for the better conducing and managing the business of the said Departments, and of Prize Agency in future, might be read:— And the same being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the said Act, for a time to be limited;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting after the word " continue," the words " and amend."

And the Question being put. That those words be there inserted;—It paired in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the said Act, for a time to be limited: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Viscount Castle-reagh, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bin to Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to ap-»PP®mtCom* point Commissioners to enquire and examine into the squire into Public Expenditure, and the conduC of Public Business the Public in the Departments therein to be mentioned; and to orderedtUfe> such observations as shall occur to them for cor-

reCing or preventing any Abuses and Irregularities, and for the better conducing and managing the business of the said Departments: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Viscount Castlereagh, Mr. Canning, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

further The Hpufe was moved. That the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry (respecting the office of Lord Mefvilie the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy) which was pre-ami fented to the House upon the 13th day of February Iall, rot er. pe rea<j.—And the fame was read.

The House was also moved. That the Resolutions of the House, of the 8th day of this instant April, respecting the matters contained in the said Report, might be again read :—And the fame were read; and are as followeth, viz.

« Jtefohed, That it appears to this House, That, on the 18th of June 1782, the House of Commons, in a Committee of the whole House, came, amongst others, to the following Resolutions:

P

,{That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That feme " regulations ought to be adopted. For the pijrpose of " k-flening and keeping down the Balances of Public " Money, which appear to have usually been in the hands " of the Treasurer of the Navy; and it would be bene-" ficial to the Public, if the first and other Clerks in the " different branches belonging to the said office, were " paid by fixed and permanent Salaries, in lieu of all Fees, * Gratufties, and other Perquisites whatsoever:"

" That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from * henceforward the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s " Land Forces and the Treasurer of the Navy for the " time being, shall not apply any sum or sums of Money * imprested to them, or either of them, to any purpose of * advantage or interest to themselves, either directly or " indirectly

" That it appears to this Committee, That the Com-. " missioners appointed to examine, take, and hate the " Public Accounts of the Kingdom, have, so far as " appears from the Reports which they have hitherto " made, discharged the duty intruded to them with great " diligence, accuracy, and ability; and, if Parliament * shall carry into execution those plans of reform and " regulation which are suggested by the matter contained " in the Reports of the said Commissioners, it cannot but " be attended with the moil beneficial consequences to " the future welfare and prosperity of this Kingdom."

* Resolved, That, in furtherance of the intention of the House of Commons, express’ed in such Resolutions, His Majesty, by His Warrant, dated 26th June 1782, directed that the Salary of the Treasurer of the Navy should be increased to the sum of £. 4,000 per annum, in full fafcisfafction of all Wages and Fees, and other Profits and Emoluments, theretofore enjoyed by former Treasurers/

‘ Resolved, That it appears to this House, That, during

tfte Treasurership of the Right honourable Isaac the conditions of the aforesaid Warrant were ft rift ly complied with; that the whole of the Money issued from, the Exchequer to Mr. Barr} for Naval Services was lodged in the Bank; that it was never drawn from thence previously to its being advanced to the Sub-Accountants, to be applied to the Public Service; that, during the time Mr. Bar?-} acted as Treasurer and Extreasurer, be had not in his possession or custody any of the Public Money, and that neither he, nor the Paymaster of the Navy, did derive any profit or advantage from the use or employment thereof.’

‘ Resolved, That the Right honourable Henry Dtnidas, now Lord Viscount Melville, succeeded to the oflice of Treasurer of the Navy on the 19th August 1782, whew a further addition was made to the Salary of the said Office, in order to produce a net annual income of £. 4,000, after the payment of all taxes and charges on the lame; and that this additional Salary was cou-fidered, by the said Lord Viscount Melville, as granted to him in lieu of all Wages, Fees, Profits, and other Emoluments, enjoyed by former Treasurers: ’

* Refohed, That the said Lord Viscount Melville continued in the said office till the 10th of April 1783; that, being asked, whether lie derived any advantage from the use of the Public Money during that period? he, in his examination before the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, declined answering any question on that head; but that he has, in a letter since written to the said Commissioners, and dated the 28th March lait, declared, " that, previous to 1786, he did not derive any ad-*, vantage from the use or employment of any Money " iff'ued for carrying on the service of the Navy;" but Mr. Douglas, who was Paymaster, being dead, and his Lordfiiip having refused to answer any questions on this head, as aforesaid, no evidence has been obtained as to the Application of Monies iff’ued for the service of the Navy, or the mode of drawing the fame from the Bank during this period: ’

* Resolved, That the Right honourable Charles Townshend, now Lord Bayning, held the oflice of Treasurer of

13 the

45 Geo. III. 29° A prills..

221

the Navy From the nth of April 1783 to the 4th of January 1784; and that, from the examination of his Iordship, it appears, that, during his Treasurership, no part of the Money issued for the service of the Navy was applied to his private use or advantage, and that he does not believe that. Mr. Douglas, who acted under him as Paymaster, derived any profit or advantage from the use or employment of the Public Money, except the Money issued for the payment of Exchequer Fees

4 Resolved, That the Right honourable Henry was re-appointed Treasurer of the Navy on the 5th of January 1784, and continued in the said Office until the 1 ft of June 1800

* Resolved, That, in the year 1785, an Act of Parliament was parted (25 Geo. III. c. 31.) intituled, "An " Act for better regulating the office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy," whereby it is directed that no Money shall be issued from the Treasury to tire Treasurer of the Navy, but that all Monies issued for Naval Services shall Be paid to the Bank on account of Naval Services, and placed to the account of the Treasurer of the Navy, and shall not be paid out of the Bank unless for Naval Services, and in pursuance of drafts signed by the Treasurer, or some Person or Persons authorized by him, which drafts shall specify the heads of service to which such sums are to be applied; and that the vegu'a-tior.s under the said Act shall take place from the,3 ill of Juiy, 1785

* Resolved, That the execution of the said Act was postponed till the month of January 1786; and that from that time till the month of June 1800, when Lord Melville left the office of Treasurer, contrary to the practice established in the Treasurership of the Right honourable Isaac Barri, contrary to the Resolutions of the House of Commons of the 18th of June 1782, and in defiance of the provisions of the above-mentioned Act of 25 Geo. III. c. 31. large sums of Money were, under pretence of Navy Services, and by a manifest evasion of the Act, at various times drawn from the Bank and inverted in Exchequer and Navy Bills, lent upon the security of Stock, employed in discounting private Bills, in purchasing Bank and India Stock, and used in various ways for the purposes of private emolument:'

* Resolved, That Alexander Trotter, Esquire, the Paymaster of the Navy, was the person by whom, or in whose name, the Public Money was thus employed; and that in so doing he acted with the knowledge and consent of Lord Viscount Melville, to w hom he was at the same time private Agent, and for whose use or benefit he occasionally laid out from ten to twenty thousand pounds, without confulering whether he w as prcvioully in advance to his Lordship, or whether such Advances were made from his public or private Balances

4 Resolved, That the Right honourable Lord Viscount Melville, having been privy to, and having connived at, the withdrawing from the Bank of England, for the purpose, as stated by Lord Melville, of private emolument to Mr. Trotter, sums issued to Lord Melville as Treasurer of the Navy, and placed to his account in the Bank, according to the provisions of the 25 Geo. III. c. 31. has been guilty of a gross violation of the Law, and a high Breach of Duty: ’ ttomey A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, 'weed for ^e Attorney General be directed to take such way of measures as may appear to him to be moll efiTeftwal, in Puwfc*0 ^Ue cour^e °F law, for ascertaining and recovering any c' sums of Money that may be due to the Public from Lord Viscount Melville, or Alexander Trotter, Esquire, in respect of any profits derived by them from Monies issued for Naval purposes, and that may have come into their hands subsequent to the ill day of January 1786;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the words " directed to" to the end of the Question, in order to add these words, " prosecute the said Lord Viscount Melville, and Alex~ " ander Trotter, Esquire, for their said Offences" instead thereof.

Vcn» 6p.

And the Question being putj That the Wortfi proposed to be left out ft and part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Y eas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,} ^'r ^!fftJohfl \

* A I T/ I / 1 .'V mJ m * /> . m

Tellers for the Noes,}

I Mr.:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

I Sir WiViam Burroughs: J 223'

J 128.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Attorney General be directed to take such measures as may appear to him to be most effectual, in due course of law, for ascertaining and recovering any sums of Money that may be due to the Public from Lord Viscount Melville, or Alexander Trotter, Esquire, in respect of any profits derived by them from Monies issued for Naval purposes, and that may have come iiito their hands subsequent to the ill day of January 1786:

Committee,

on

Tenth Report on Naval Enquiry,

being

put.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, who were Report of appointed to examine the Lists of twenty-one persons ^'the Sdea: names to be the Select Committee, to whom the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry (respecting the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy) is referred, to enquire into the application of any Monies issued to the Treasurer of the Navy for Naval Services to purposes not Naval; and whether any, and what, representations w'ere made to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or the Chancellor of the Exchequer, n sperting the withdrawing from the Bank any sums of Money so issued, since the passing of the A ft of 25 Geo. III. c. 31; and also into the proceedings had for the recovery of the debt dne to the Crown by the late Adam Jellicoe; and to report to the House upon which twenty-one persons the majority fell; That the Committee had examined the Lifts accordingly, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j, and he read the Report in his place.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed;

That the said Report be now brought up;

A Motion was made, and the Question That the House do now adjourn j The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for he Yeas j ^Petfrffoore: }

TellersfortheNoes,1| ySS Dimb: } 2*°‘

So it passed in the Negative. "

Then the Question being again proposed. That the said Report be now brought up;

And the House having continued to lit till after one of the clock on Tuesday Morning;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the words " now brought up,", in order to add the words " received this day," instead thereof.

And the Question being proposed, That the words

proposed to be left out. Hand part of the Question;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed,'

That the House do now adjourn.

And the said Motion and proposed Amendment, were severally, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be now brought up.

Mr. Alexander accordingly delivered the said Report in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read$ and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee find, that the Majority hath upon the following Persons; viz.

The Right Honourable Thomas Grenville - -Samuel Whitbread, Esquire ——

• The Right Honourable William Windham - -

The Honourable Richard Ryder ——

The Honourable Henry Lascelles - . -

• John Fane, Esquire ......

The Right Honourable the Master of the Rolls The Right Honourable Sir William Scott -

Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish - -

3 L

fallen

225 221

• 221

- 221

- 220 218 217 216

215

Hugh

222 29° Ap . 1805.

Hugh feyce/ler, Esquire .. -...-215 revenues which shall be appropriated for that purpose

Lord Viscount Dunlo*-.-..--214 by any Act or Acts of this present Session of Parlia-

Willifim Ralph Cartzorighf, Esquire - - - - 214 merit:

isaac Hawkins Brozvne, Esquire - - - <- - 214 That every Contributor who shall on the 26th day of

Lord Viscount Boyle ........213 this instant April have made a deposit of £. 10

The Right Honourable Lord Viscount Castlereagh 212 centum on such sum as he or she shall choose to subscribe

Lord William Rufell ---212 towards raising the said sum 1,500,000, with the

The Honourable St. Andrew St. John - - - 212 chief Cashier or Cashiers of the Governor and Company Samuel Thornton, Esquire - -- an of the Bank of England, shall make the future payments

George William Gunning, Esquire - - - - 208 on or before the days or times herein after mentioned;

• Sir Henry Paulet St. John Mildmay, Baronet - 207 that is to say, *

The Right Honourable John Foster - - - - 206 £. 1 o per-centum on or before the 31 ft day of May

next

Samt Panem The Order of the day being read, for the second read- -T \v’,■/«, *1 , , 1 1 rTI

ing of the BUI for repealing on Act, mode in the 44th X 20 or U‘C 23d of 3n,y

year of Ms prefart Majesty. intituleU, " An Act for £ per-emtum on or before the ooth day of Sep-* better governing, maintaining and employing the timber npvt 3 v

* Poor of the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of /-> ,n ’ t f f, , <• rt

i jfjji pc j* tjr l i rc ii p ct per-LcntiiTH on or befors the Qoth unv of I3g*

Middlesex, for providing a new Workhouse for the use ppmh»n«t. onH

" of the said P.vrish, for appointing Collectors of the p , n ' u, fAro th, , tu et

«t> . , c I vv e j «£• io per-centum on or before the 15th day of Januar#

" Rates, and for other purposes therein mentioned; gGg. o j j

and for making more elieftual provision for those and That every Contributor who shall pay in the whole of

° . .1 r• a D-11 v A e . his or her Contribution money towards the said sum of

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time £ r, SOO,oooo, at any time on or before the 29th day of

t*1LS December 1805, shall be allowed an interest by way of

111* of Man The Order of the day being read, for the House to di!count, after the rate of £. 4 per-centum per-annum on

Trade Bill, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon *imis *° advanced for completing his or her Con-

tleferred. the Bill for regulating an(\ encouraging the Trade, for tribut respectively, to be computed from the day of the improvement of the Revenue; and prevention of c°nrtplcting the same to the 15 th day of January 1806:

Smuggling to and from the Isle of Man; _ ad the Monies so to be received by the said

Resolved', That this House will, upon Wednesday Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company sevennight, the 8th day of May next, resolve itself into °(. , ®an, °‘ England shall be paid into the receipt the said Committee. °* Exchequer at Wto be applied from

time to time to such services, for ', as shall then

Report Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the have been voted by this House in this Session of Par-

Ways and Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred liament.

M*"’* to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the The said Resolutions being severally read a second time.

Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed the Committee had directed him to report to the House; to by the House.

which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and Resolutions: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Foster, and are as followeth; viz. Mr. Nicholas ,do prepare, and bring in, the

Raising a Sum, Resolved, ThaX it is the Opinion of this Committee, That fame,

by Annuities towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the

for Ireland, Qf One million five hundred thousand pounds, British Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Address for

currency, be raised, by Annuities, for the service of Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give di- Coj^p°a" Ireland. reftions, that there be laid before this House, Copy of a respecting

Term* of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Letter from Mr. Justice Daly to the Lord Lieutenant of Ki^mamhan raising the every Contributor to the said sum of One million five Ireland, dated the nth July 1804, respecting the State a0 6n>e* hundred thousand pounds, shall, for every £. 100 con- Prisoners in Gaol:—And also, Copy of a

tributed and paid, be entitled to an Annuity of £.5, to Letter from the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to Mr.

Commence from the 5th day of April 1805, and to con- Justice Daly, dated Dublin CaJIle, 14th July 1804, in tinue for the term of fifty-four years and nine months, answer to the foregoing:—And also. Copy of a Letter and then to cease; which Annuity shall be added to, from the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to the Lord Chief and made one joint Stock with, the Annuities payable at Justice Downes, dated Dublin Ca/lle, 14th July 1804, the Bank of England, which, by several Acts, were upon the fame subject:—And also. Copy of a Letter granted for the respective terms therein mentioned, and from Lord Chief Justice to the Lord Lieutenant

were, by the Acts of the 4th, 20th, and 22d years of His of Ireland, with a Report of the Judges on their in-present Majesty, and by several subsequent Acts, con- veftigation of the condition of the State Prisoners confined solidated and made one joint Stock of Annuities; and in Gaol, dated 18th July 1804.

shall be paid, payable, anil transferrable, at the same time Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His and in the same manner, as the Annuities so consolidated Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His are payable and transferrable at the Bank of England: Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

That every such Contributor shall likewise be entitled to the principal sum of £. 24 in Annuities, after the The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Ways and rate of £ 5 per-centum, to commence from the 5th day solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-of January 1805, and to be added to, and made one joint fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply Stock with, certain Annuities after the rate of £.5' per- granted to His Majesty; centum, granted by an Act made in the 37th year of His , That this XIoufe will. Tommorrow, resolve

present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting An- itself into the said Committee.

" nuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling, Trans-

" port, and Exchequer Bills," and to be payable and Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Ireland— transferrable at the Bank of England, at the same time, Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred and in the same manner, and subject to the like re- to consider of enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Grand jury demption by Parliament, as the said £. 5 per-centum Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time Preferment*. Annuities: being, to advance Money out of the Consolidated Fuhd

That the said several respective Annuities of £. 5 per- of Ireland, on the credit df Presentments made by Grand centum, so to be payable as aforesaid, shall be charged Juries of Counties for making or completing Poll Roads, and chargeable upon, and payable out of the Confab- the Resolutions which the Committee had directed hint dated Fund of Great Britain, or any other duties and to report to the House; which he read in his place, and

11 afterwards.

fe

a-

of

r.

ie

y

ti

j

L

t

JaJbtftloa,

Idtei 0lr',l"d-

v j-, rromillory

■,w Notes Bill,

■W deierred-

j

GioL

Account respecting Surplus of CostloMited Fund, •rdcred.

isi s. ! i '

Wtition, ftfpccting Notices for Norwich *oad Bin, *F*rted,

45 Geo. III. 29°—30° Aprilis. 225

afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read, and are as followeth;

Befolved, That it is the Opinionof this Committee, That it is expedient that the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, should be enabled to advance, out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, such parts of such sums of Money as shall be preferred by Grand Juries for the purpose of making or' completing Poll Roads in their respective Counties, for the more secure and speedy conveyance of the Mails, as he or they shall think proper, the repayment thereof being to be made out of the monies arising from such Presentments.

Befolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient that the said Lord Lieutenant, or Chief Governor or Governors, should be enabled to raise Money by Debentures, to be advanced to the Trustees of any Turnpike Road on which the Mails shall travel, for the purpose of forming new Lines of Road for the speedy and safe conveyance of the Mails, on proof being made, to the satisfaciion of the said Lord Lieutenant, or Chief Governor or Governors, that the Tolls will be fufTicient to pay the interest thereof, together with a further sum after the rale of £. z. per centum per annum on the money so advanced, as a Sinking Fund for the reduction thereof.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, vyere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Order&l, That it be an Inftradion to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for amending an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, for improving And keeping in repair the Post Roads in Ireland, and for rendering the conveyance of Letters by His Majesty’s Post Office in Ireland more secure and expeditions, that they do make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Befolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for restraining the negotiation of certain Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange in Ireland',

Befolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account Shewing the amount of the sums wanting to complete £.. 5,000,000. granted out of the Monies that

lha.ll arise from the surplus of the Consolidated Fund for the service of the year 1804.

And then the TIoufe adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the clock.

and 30th of March, and the 6th of this instant April, were produced to Your Committee, containing Notices for leave to bring in a Bill for enlarging the term and powers of the above-mentioned Acts, and for increasing the Tolls upon the said Road.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 16th day of March last> was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in execution two Acts, made 9 and 12 Geo. III. for repairing and widening the Road from the City df Norwich to Scale Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, and of several persons who have advanced money on the credit of the said Acts, was referred, might be again read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the 9th and 12th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Norwich to Scale Bridge, in the County of Norfolk: And that Mr. Bohert Felhnves, Sir Jacob Henry Ajlley, and Mr. Coke of Norfolk, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom L*no«r the Bill for establishing a new Church or Chapel at B/ae- Bin, navon, in the Parish of Lanover, in the County of Mon- tBporte<J' mouth, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, mid found the fame ‘ to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout j and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom Dege’s the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Nat-Ei|1-naturalizing John Henoch Christian Dege, was committed,

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s TableAnd the said Bill was read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldzoin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Road or Roads Rotherhithe under the River Thames, from the Parish of Saint Mary Tunnel Bill, Botherhithe, in the County of Surrei/, to the opposite fide <ommmed* of the said River in the County of Mwas read a second time.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John William Anderson, Sir Charles Price, &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Martis, 30° Aprilis;

Anno 45° Georgii III'" Regis, 1805. Prayers.

MR. BobertFelloives reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in execution two Acts, made in the 9th and 12th years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Nonvich to Scolc Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as folio weth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, three Newspapers, called The Norfolk ,dated the 23d

Vol 60.

Sir Charles Price reported from the Committee, to Gautier’* whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Guy Gautier, John Lewis Frederick Gautier, and Demis Benjamin Charlery, w as committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Price do cany the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment

A Petition of several Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands Petltiom in the Parishes of Enfield, Edmonton, Tottenham, thamfimo, and Havkney, in the Counties of Middlesex and javjeation

Essex, and of Mill* situate on the River Lee, was pre-

fented

224

30° A prills.

si. 1805.

fented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for the better preservation, and further improvement, of the Navigation of the River L in the Counties of Hertford., Effe. r, and Middlesex; and setting lortli, That the fame contains divers powers and authorities which, if carried into effect, would prove highly injurious to their rights and interests: And therefore praying. That they may he heard, by their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against such marts of the said Bill as may allect them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said. Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners he heard, by their counsel. agents, and witnesses, before the said Committee, Upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Dr. Duiger.an presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for amending an Act, passed in Ire'and, in the 2Qth year of King George the Second, intituled, «* \n ' ‘ ,1

Act for amending veral Laws relatim

Ireland—

- to and making inure cliechml the sint

to the Fidt Fruits, payable oat of

iuj,

ecclesiasitical Benefices in this Aingdom, and for the

better regulation and

management

h

of the Charitable

Bequest of Doctor Hugh Boulter, late Lord Arch hi/hop

Thrcfti field, Arc.

Xnclosure Bill, presented.

Rotherham

Roads

Petition,

reported.

Fftiricm from York, &c. relating to the Woollen Manufacture, referred to a Committee.

Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township of Threjhfield and Skirethons, and Burnfal, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; (except that the last of the notices was not published in the Newspapers until the lirft of October, from a mistake being made in calculating the time within which the Notices are required to be given; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fume, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, passed in the 4th year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the South end of the Town of Rotherham in the County of York, to the present Turnpike Road nerxv Pleafley in the County of Derby, and also the Road from the North end of the said Town of Rotherham into the present Turnpike Road on the East Side of Tankersley Park, in the said County of York', and also, an Act, passed in the 14th year of His said Majesty, for enlarging the term and powers of the said recited Act, as relates to the Road from the said Town of Rotherham to the Turnpike Road at the East end of TankerfeyPark, being the Second District of the said Roads; were read:—And, Mr. Charles being

examined, said, That great progress has been made in the < Amendment of the saidlaft-mentioned Road; and several considerable sums of money, borrowed upon the credit of the Tolls, still remain due; which cannot be repaid nor the said Second District of Road cfiTeftivally amended, widened, and kept in repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, the Tolls encreased, and the powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

of Armagh, for augmenting the maintenance of poor " Clergy in this Kingdom: " And the fame was receh ed; and read the lirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second lime.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Motion being made, That the ingrafted Bill for in- Ruftodt i doting Lands in the Parish of Rnfhock, in the County of Worecster, he now read the third time; I

Mr. Wallace (by 11 is Majesty’s Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the purport of the said Bill, gives 11 is Consent, as far as His Majesty’s iuteroft is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think lit.

Then the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pels: And that the Title be,

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Rnfhock, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Joseph Scott do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

mV.

I’M)

Bit

ei"t

Or

liito

feis

1 III?

j Wa

1 live

I:Hot

icing made. That the ingrafted Bill for in- GillingiiaC, in the Parishes of Gill Ingham Saint Mary,

A Motion ik doling Lands

Gillingham All Saints, JYinston, and in the County p.uu.t

of Norfolk, be now read the third time;

Mr. Wallace (by His Majesty Command) acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the purport of the said Bill, gives VIis Consent, as far as His Majesty’s interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the third time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, directing the Commissioners to make an Extract of so much of their Award as relates to His Majesty’s Land, and transmit the tune to the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill* do pass: And that the Ttrie he,

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes t Gillingham Saint Man/, Gillingham All Saints, and see e, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Martin Brotvne do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and deft re their concurrence.

jOTI,

Am

SB " <ijin

jrSfvera

ihol

UV

iistf.'ftt hkttu eks. 1 dm'. fern tc tptain.

Im

•'.atnt

lailri

ririi

T>

\\i

'Hi

A

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Cloth-workers and Shearmen of t he Counties of York,

Gloucester, and Wilts, of the Weavers of the Counties of Somerset, Gloucester, and Wilts, and other parts of the United Kingdom; and of the Clothiers of the County of York, which was presented to the House upon the 27th day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of a Committee: And that they' do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. WAdmiral Berkeley, See.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at

nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

1U

A Bill for inclosing "Lands in the Parish of ColPef*®.

in the County of Lincoln, and for making compensation commw.t: for the Tytins anting within the same Parish, was read a second time.

Rxfolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Ci<;2, Sir Gilbert lleathcotc, ftc.: And they are to meet this Act-ternoon, in the Speakers Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for raising a further fare of Money tl-rip for carrying into execution an Act, p.itVed in the 420 "

year of His present Majesty, for making additional Basons or Docks at King/ton upon vas read the

third time.

Resolved, That tire Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising a further him of Money for carrying into execution an Act, passed in tire 4 id year of His present Majesty, fur making additional Batons or Docks at Kivgjlonupon Hull.

Ordered, That Mr. Staniforthdo carry tire Bill to the Lords, and deftre tlreir concurrence.

A Petition of tire Company of Proprietors of tire Croydon Canal, was presented to the Horde, and read; taking notice of the Bill for supplying the Inhabitants o the Parish of Saint Giles Cand parts of tVr

Par'd

45 Geo. III.

30° Aprilis.

225

Parish of Saint Mary's Lambeth, and federal other Pa- Sheathing, old Copper Bolts, old Copper, and mixed Me-rithes and Places in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, tal Nails, which may have been weighed, and which are with Water; and setting forth, That, by an Act passed now in store, in the several Dock Yards; distinguishing in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, the Petitioners the quantities at each of those Yards respectively. were inverted with full powers for supplying the Inhabi- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an tants of the Towns of Croydon, Strealham, and Dulwich, Account of the total quantity of Shruff, or old Copper and the district called Nor rood in the Parish of Croydon, Sheathing, old Copper Bolts, old Copper, and mixed with Water from the said Canal; and that the powers Metal Nails, now in store in the several Dock Yards, proposed to be obtained by the said Bill will materially and which may not have been weighed; distinguishing injure the rights and interei'ts of the Petitioners under the quantities at each of those Yards respectively, the the said Act: And therefore praying, That they may be quantity to be ascertained, either by aftudly weighing heard, determined by themselves, their counsel, or agents, against the fame, or by estimating the weight thereof as accu-the said Bill. rately as may be.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the eon- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a sideration of tire Committee, to whom the said Bill is Statement /hewing the period when the system of accu-committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by them- mutating old Copper in His Majesty’s Dock Yprds com-selves, their counsel, or agents, before the said Commenced, and Hating the quantities of old Copper which

mittee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit conpfel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Account* The House bein'r informed, that Mr. from the

may from time to time have been ifl’ued by the Navy Board to their Contractors and others fmee that period.

Ordered, That that there be laid before this House, an. Account of Account of the quantity of BaJJaft delivered by the dcifallal*.. Trinity House to all Ships and Vessels in the River ~ Ve-e y Thames for the last thirty years, and the net profit arif-

KmnLiof6 ^,re^tors the Last India Company, attended at the ing therefrom, distinguishing the quantity and profit in

Trinity

House,

ordered.

Revenues w. TA the East India Door; Company, p relented.

he was called in;' and, at the Bar, presented to

JppauKs,

(Na 49.)

Accounts of Ships trading to Africa, pretexted.

the House, pursuant to the directions of an liaraent,

Annual Account made up to the ill March 1805, containing the amount of the Proceeds of the Sale of Goods and Merchandise of the Last India Com n any in Great Britain, ami of their commercial and other Receipts, Charge®, and Payments, m Great Britain, under the several heads thereo'*; together with an Estimate of the fame for the curr-i t year, and a Statement of their Bond Debts, and flurde Contraft Debts, with the Rates oflnterest they r speclively cargv, and the amount of such Interest, and the Hate of Cab remaining in their Treasury, and other Eftefts appertaining to the Company in Great Britain and afloat: And also.

Return to the Act of 33 Geo. III. c. 52. f. 126. requiring certain Accounts of the Revenues, Charges, &c. of the East India Company to be laid before both Houses of Parliament;—together with a List.

And then he withdrew:—And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

each year respectively; shewing also how much per ton Act of Par- the railing and delivering the fame coils the Trinity House, and how much per ton is paid for the same by Alien Merchants, by Merchants in general trade,

and by colliers and other eoafting vessels.

Middlesex

Election—' Order for

co.iijdf ring

The House was moved, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders of the County of Midd, and claiming to have had a Right to vote at the last E'eftion for that £ttition of County, which was presented to the House upon the 28th dfSwged!’ day of January taft, complaining of the undue Election and Return of George Boulton Esquire,

for the said County, might be read:—And the fame was read.

The House was also moved, That the two first of the Determinaiions which, upon the 5th day of March last, were reported from the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the merits of t oe P o tion of several Freeholders of the County of Mid'lly:‘x, com phoning of an undue Return of a Member to serve in P" liament

The said Papers are inserted in the Appendix to this for the said County, might be read:—And the fame w.:re

read; and are as followeth; viz.

" That the said Committee have determined, that " George Boulton Esquire, was not duly

" returned a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present " Parliament for the County of

And also, That the said Committee have determined, " that Sir Francis Burdett, Baronet, ought to have been " returned a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present " Parliament for the said County."

The House was also moved, That the Order made upon the 11 th day of this instant April, for taking the first-mentioned Petition into consideration upon Thursday next, might he read:—And the fame being read; Ordered,

Account, relating to c°PF*r, •rdcred.

Volume

The House being informed, that Mr. Irving, Inspector General of Imports and Exports, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the I Ioufe, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all Ships, with their Tonnage, that arrived from Africa in the Briti/hIVeft Indies, from the 5th

January 1802 to the latest period at which the fame can be made up, with the number of Slaves imported on board the fame in each year; together with the number re-exported and retained; distinguislung each year, and, so far as may be, the country or place to which the said Slav cs shall have been re-exported: And also,

An Account of all Ships or Vessels which have annually cleared out for the Coal! of Africa from any of the Ports of Great Britain, respectively, for the last ten years to the latest period; together with the number of Slaves which each Ship or Vessel respectively was to be allowed to carry.

And then he withdrew :—And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The said Accounts are preferred Amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the total quantity of Copper that has been melted into Cakes, Piggs, Blocks, or into any other forms, from old Copper, in any of His Majesty’s Dock Yards; distinguislung the quantity now in store at each of the said Dock Yards.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,

That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill for making more effectual provision for the supplying of Cities and Market Towns in Ireland with Water: And Towns in that Mr. Lee, Mr. Nicholas Vanfitta Mr. Fofter, and Dr. Duigenan, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ireland with Water, ordered.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 20th day of March last, " That there be laid before " this House, an Account of the several Game Licences " ifl’ued by the Diliributors of Stamps in Ireland since the " ill of January 1801, distinguislung each year, and re-" citing the names of the different persons taking out " such Licences in each District," might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That there belaid before this House, an Account of the number and amount of the Stamps on Li-Accoimtof the total quantity of Shrufti or'old Copper cences for killing Game in from the ill of Ja-

VOL. 60. 3 M nuary

Order for Account of Game Licences issued in I. eland, discharged, and another made.

an

Estimate of Volunteer Corps, prel'ented.

4Appendix,

(No. 50)

Saint Pancras Poor Bill, commiited.

Petitions against, referred, and Counsel ordered.

Account resp rising Public Offenders in Ireland, to be printed,

Ireland— Poll Ronds Bill, presented.

226

30° A prills.

A. 1805.

nuary 1S01 to the latest period to whic h the fame can be made up; distinguishing each year, as well as the different Counties.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His Majesty’s command:—Estimate of the Charge of Volunteer Corps, from the 25th of December 1804 to the 24th of December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 days And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Estimate be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the 44th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for better governing, maintaining, and employing, the Poor of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of " Middlefe. r, for providing a new Workhouse for the " use of the said Parish, for appointing Collectors of the Rates, and for other purpol’es therein mentioned,"

for moreefleftnally improving, and keeping in repaif, the Post Roads in Ireland, and for rendering the conveyance of Letters by His Majesty’s Poll Office more secure and expeditious: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Fofler presented to the House, according to Ireland— Order, a Bill for raising the sum of One million five hundred thousand pounds, by way of Annuities, for the fer- preitnttd. vice of Ireland: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Mr. Fofler presented to the House, according to Ireland—

Order, a Bill to extend the provisions of an Act, made in Sl,v«riTot"H the last Session of Parliament, for preventing the counter- presented. feiting of certain Silver Coin ill lied determined by the Banks of

and for making more effectual provision for those and England and Ireland respectively, to Silver Coin which

other purposes; be now read:—And the fame being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read a second time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the word " now" and at the end of the Question to add the words " upon this day six months."

And the Question being put, That the word " now" Hand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

r Sir Thomas

may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, called Tokens; and to promote the circulation of the said Tokens: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second tyne Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

• V.ft

42.

s

3°*

Tellers for the Yeas,< Metcalfe,

(Mr. James Adams

Tellers for the Noes,^ C

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second time.

And the House being informed. That no counsel attended;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Befolved, That the Bill he committed to Sir Thomas Theophilus Metcalfe, Mr. Byng &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of several of the Directors of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middle fer, appointed in and by virtue of an Act made in the lull Session of Parliament; and also the Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middhfr v, being Directors of the Poor of the said Parish; and also the Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of the Parish of

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for Curate* encouraging the Residence of Stipendiary Curates on their Rg‘fjjnce Cures: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr, Solicitor ordered. General, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Advocate General, and Mr. Byder, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy Letter from of a Letter from the Navy Board to the Admiral tv, l!ie

lv ara to the

dated the 5th of April 1805; and also, a Copy of the Admiralty"

Memorial enclosed therein, relating to an answer of the ordircd-Navy Board to the First Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry.

A Petition of William Wemafs, of Efnuire, Petition of

Mr Wrmvfi

Major General of His Majesty’s Forces, was presented tolullelo to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Harbour present a at a Creek called the Quarrel Haven of Met hill, in the

Petition

County of Fife, on the North fide of the Frith of Forth, Quarrel and near the mouth thereof, which is situated upon the 1Uven-estate of the Petitioner, and was originally erecled or made hv one of his ancestors, about the year 1660, is the only l’afe alylnm near the mouth of the Frith for lliips of war and trading vessels, in a quarter where the vicinity of the Germ.Ocean exposes them frequently to great

danger; and that the Public derives a very confulerable

Pancras in the County of Middlesex(which were pre- Revenue from the duties on coal and salt exported from

fented to the House upon the 22d and 27th days of March last, and v often lay) be referred to the confi deration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee,'that they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee, have Voices.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expenditure of the different sums granted for apprehending Public Offenders in Ireland, from the 5th day of January 1801 to the 5th day of January 1805, be printed, for the Members of the Iloufe.

Mr. Order,

Fqjfcr presented a Bill to amend

to the Ilonfe, according to an Act, made in the Parliament

the said Harbour, but the Revenue which the Petitioner derives from it is very trifling; and that, by a violent storm in the winter of 1802-3, the principal pier of the Harbour was very much injured, and, although the Petitioner has expended several hundred pounds in repairs, to prevent its being altogether deft roved, yet it must in a iliort time be rendered useless, unlei's the Pier is completely rebuilt, the expence v. hereof, according to the heft estimates the Petitioner has been able to procure, will amount to Jl. 5,000; and that, in a matter which so much concerns the Revenue and the Public at large, the Petitioner trusts it will be confulered a fit object for the aid of Parliament; and that the time appointed by the House for receiving private Petitions being elapled, owing to the Petitioner’s not having been able sooner to obtain the opinion of the Lords of the Treasury on the merits of his claim, the Petitioner prays. That leave may be given to present a Pet ition for Aid.

Ordered, That, in connderation of the particular cir- Leave gl

ver.

cumstances set forth in the said Petition, leave be given

of Ireland, in the 32d year of His present Majesty, and to present a Petition as desired.

Then

45 Geo. III. 30" Aprilis—l0—^ Mali.

227

Then a Petition of the said William being

'kutcJ. offered to be pvelented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; containing the fame Allegations as the Iaft preceding Petition: And praying for such Aid as to the House may seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Comm ittee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Krfiine, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, &c.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

■tttfr from Mr. Dickhtfon, junior, presented to the House, pur-i'^uothe suant to their Order,—A Letter from the Principal S'ir'ky,'6 Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy to ranted. William Marfden, Esquire, Secretary of the Admiralty,

dated the 5th of April 1805; inclosing a Copy of their Memorial, intended to be presented to the House of Commons, in answer to the First Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry :—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the Laid Paper do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Paper be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Act The Lloufe was moved. That an Act, made 34 Geo. Stf ic. for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Cuf-

to tie toms on Slate, Stone, and Marble, might be read:—And

(ordered, the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as exempts Slate, the value whereof shall not exceed twenty shillings per ton, from the Duty thereby granted.

Procttdings The House was moved, That the Lift of the Names the was yesterday reported from the Committee, who

Committee on were appointed to examine the Lists of twenty-one Per-rtntii Naval fons Names to be the Select Committee, to whom the Report. Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry (respecting the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy) is referred, to enquire into the Application of any Monies issued to the Treasurer of the Navy for Naval Services, to purposes not Naval; and whether any, and what, representations were made to the Lords Com mi f-sioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or the Chancellor of the Exchequer, respecting the withdrawing from the Bank any sums of Money so issued, ftnee the passing of the Act of 25 Geo. III. c. 31. j and also into the Proceedings had for the recovery of the debt due to the Crown by the late Adam; and to report to the

House upon which twenty-one persons the majority fell, might be read:—And the fame being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the name of Lord Viscount be struck out

of the said Lift;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

86.

}2I9-

Tellers for the Yeas.) C°kr*f'’.

’(Mr. naira:

Tellers for the Noes,f*lr‘

’(Mr.

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Right honourable William Windham having Hated to the House, that he had been a Member of the Administration in which the Abuses, described in the said Tenth Report, are alleged to have taken place; and having submitted other considerations to the House, why his name should be struck out of the said Lift;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, VOL. 60.

That the name of the Right honourable William Windham be struck out of the said Lift;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Calc raft, ( Mr. Kinna: | 80.

Mr. Hujkif ’(Mr. Wallace: ^207.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet Tommorrow, at twelve of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That seven be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn from time to time as they shall think fit; and to report their Proceedings, together with their Observations thereupon, from time to time, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fit during the fitting, and notwithstanding any adjournment of the House.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for encouraging the Residence of Stipendiary Curates on their Cures: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal certain parts of an Act, made in the 43d year Of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, and to consolidate and render more efl’eftual the provisions for collecting the said Duties was committed, be taken into further consideration upon Friday next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual prevention of Smuggling, was committed, be taken into further consideration upon Friday next.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 1° Mail;

Anno 450 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1805. Prayers.

r"PHE House met; and being counted by Mr. Speaker, X it appeared that forty Members were not present; yet, it being Four of the clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and having again counted the House, and it appearing that forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis,%° die Mail;

Anno 450 Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1805. Prayers.

MR. Jo/hua Smith presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill fordividing certain Lands in the Parish of Norton Bavant, in the County of Wills, ami a certain Common Meadow called in the said Parish

of Norton Bavant, and in the fever’al Parish.es of War-

miii/ler, Bishopfow, and Sutton Vent/, in the said County of Wilts: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr.

Powers to the Committee.

Curates

Residence

BiUy

presented.

Property Duties Bill, deferred*

Bill for the Prevention of Smuggling, deferred.

House

adjourned.

Norton Bavant, &c. inclosure Bill, presented.

228

2° Mail

A. 1805.

Kuguenin'i Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom* report^! and ^he ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for parted! naturalizing Henry Huguenin, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s TableAnd the said Bill was read the third

time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Stilton An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of

paired? Bl1’ Stilton, in the County of , was read the third

time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for making an allotment for an additional burying Ground.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stilton, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Cranford An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor toSTBiU| an<* Cranford Saint John, in the County of

' Northampton, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Cranford Sain* John, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Cartwright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Norwich Mr. Robert Felloioes presented to the House, accord-

drefeated’ to Order, a for continuing the term, and altering

‘ and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 9th and 12th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of to Scole Bridge, in the County of Norfolk: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, ThaX the Bill be read a second time.

Glmicester

Debtors Petition.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in Castle,

was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their distress: And praying relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Hinckley and Mr. Legh Keck reported from the Committee, to RoadsBiU h whom the Bill to continue and amend two Acts, passed in reported. ’ the 2d and 24th years of His present Majesty, for ..repairing the Road from CaJIle Street, at the end of the Town of Hinckley, to Lutterworth Town’s-end, and from the Guide Post at Walcot Town’s-end, in the County of Leicester, to the eighty mileltone in Field, in the County of Northampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the TIoufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,—Two Acts, passed in the 4th and 25th years of the reign of His present Majesty for repairing and widening the Roads from Melton Mowbray in the County of Leicester, to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field Leicester, to the Town of Lutterworth in the said County, and other Roads therein mentioned, were read:—And, Mr. Thomas Frere, being examined, said. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, so far as the same relate to the Second District of Roads, and have for that purpose borrowed several considerable sums of Money on the credit of the Tolls authorized to b© taken on the said Second. District of Roads, which Hill remain due and owing; and that the Money so due and owing cannot be repaid, and the Roads within the said Second District be kept in repair, and properly improved, unless the term of the said Acts, with respect thereto, is continued; and the powers and provisions of those Acts being found in many respects defective, it will be more convenient to the Trustees, and beneficial to the said Second District of Roads, if the said Acts, so far as the same relate thereto, were repealed, and further and other powers and provisions granted inliead thereof.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, the Road from the Borough of Leicester to the Town of Lut-tencorth in the County of Leicester: And that. Mr. Legh Keck and Sir Edmund Cradock H do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Legh Keck reported from the Committee, to weiforf whom the Petition of several Trustees for the care of the Road comprized in the Acts thereinafter mentioned, was petition, referred; That the Committee had examined, and found reported, that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,—An Act, passed in the 5th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair the Road from lVelford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, through Htt/bitndsBosworth and Great to

MUjlonLane in the Town of Leicester; and also, an Act passed in the 26th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for enlarging the term and powers of the said Act, were read :—And, Mr. Thomas Frere being examined, said.

That the Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several considerable sums of Money on the credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Hill remain due and owing; and that, the fame cannot be repaid, and the said Road kept in repair, and properly improved, unless the term of the said Acts is continued:—And the Witness added, that it would be more convenient to the Trustees and beneficial to the said Road, if the said Acts were repealed, and further and other powers and provisions granted in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from Welford Bridge in the County of North-

ampton, to Milston Lane in the Town of Leicester: And that Mr. Legh Keck and Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Leicester and Mr. Legh Keck reported from the Committee, to

Lutterworth whom the Petition of several Trustees for the care of the Petition, Second District of Roads comprized in the Acts therein-reported. after mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied

Mr. Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom Glamorgaa the Petition of several Trustees for executing two Acts, p passed 4 & 25 Geo. III. for amending and keeping in re- reported, pair several Roads leading from the Town of Cardiff, and other Towns and places in the County of Glamorgan, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and

45 Geo. III.

229

found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwords delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Paid Petition, the said Acts were read:—And, Mr. John being examined said, That the Trustees hove borrowed several sums of Money on the credit of the Tolls, which still remain due and owing, and c annot be repaid, nor the said Roads properly maintained and improved, unless the term of the said Acts be continued, some of the powers and provisions thereof amended, and the Tolls increased:-—And being further examined, he said. That the present Road leading from Booth Church over Cardiff' Heaths, through the several Parities of Booth and St. John, in Cardiff and Landqff, to the second mileltone on the Turnpike Road leading from Cardiff to Merthyr and also the Road from the Town of Caerphilly to Yard

through the several Pari dies of and,

from the Town of Caerphilly aforesaid, to a certa n Bridge eroding the River Bumney near a place called the JJrainan, in the Hamlet of Bhydgzrern, a id from thence to a certain Bridge called Bridge, through

the Parishes of EghcyfuUan, Bo dry, Fed is, and the said Hamlet of Bh are very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually improved and kept in repair, by the ordinary course of Law; and that it would be a convenience to the several neighbourhoods, and of Public utility, if the said Roads were made Turnpike, and put under the care and management of the said Trustees.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee, to w hom the said Petition was referred.

chwfley The Earl Temple prefen ted to the House, according Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chearjley, in the County of Buckingham: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

'ptoncum The Earl Temple presented to the House, according Ki'ofure Bill *° Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Upton Prcicnttd, ’ cum Chalvey, in the County of Buckingham: And the

feme was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

0

lanover An ingossed Bill for establishing a new Church or Blll» Chapel at Blaenavon, in the Pari Hi of in the County of Monmouth, was read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for establishing a new Church or Chapel at’ Blaenavon, in the Parish of Lanover, in the County of Monmouth.

Ordered, That Mr. Morgan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

pHid ingossed Bill for making and repairing certain

cd*Bin, Roads in the County of Elgin, and for levying a conver-ptf* Son in lieu of the statute labour, and otherwise regulating

the making and repairing the high Roads and Bridges in the said County, was read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And tfiat the Title be, An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Elgin, and for levying a conversion in lieu of the statute labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the high Roads and Bridges in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Farquh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

'nSro^c‘d Bill for confirming the Charter, and Seers enlarging the Pow ers of the Incorporation of the Officers ’rporaijon of Excise in Scotland, was read the third time. ci Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for confirming the Charter, and enlarging the Voi,. 6o.

Powrers of the Incorporation of the Officers of Excise iri Scotland.

Ordered, That Air. Farquhar do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Petition of Joseph Darton, of Temple Dinfey, in the Petition County of Hertford, Eftjuire, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill to alter and Company’* amend an Act, passed in the 40th year of His present Blll> Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Batons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater accommodation and security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Act; and setting forth. That the Petitioner is Owner in fee of about twro hundred houses, situate in the Parish of Saint Paid Sluulwell, in the County of -

sex, within the limits specified in the said Act, over ■which power was given to the London Dock Company to purchase any messuages, lands, or hereditaments, for the purposes of the said Act, at any time before the 24th day of June next; which power it is proposed by the said Bill to extend for a further term therein to be limited; and that the extension of the said power will be very injurious to the estate and property of the Petitioner: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by himself, his comifel or agent, against the provisions of the said Bill, and that the fame may not pass into a law as it now Hands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, his count'd or agent, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an to the said Committee, that they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all w fio come to the said Committee, have Voices.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Willlames Vaughan be added Member to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and *dded Co bring in, a Bill pursuant to the prayer of the Petition of Faeno° several Owners of Estates in the Township of in inclosureBilL

the Parish of Toicyn, and County of Merioneth.

Sir Robert Williames Vaughan presented to the House, Bill, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing, embanking, Presented* draining, and improving, certain Lands in the Township of Faenol, in the Parish of Tozcyn, in the County of Merioneth: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. North presented to the House, according to order, swallow a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Szvalloxv, in the' Inclosure Bill, County of Lincoln: And the fame was received; and Presented* read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of several Owners of Ground on the bank Petition of the river Orwell, was presented to the House, and agninit •read; taking notice of the Bill for improving and ren- port^BUi. dering more commodious the Port of Ipfcich, in the County of Suffolk-, and setting forth. That the said Bill, contains Clauses hurtful and injurious to the Petitioners:

And therefore praying, That they may he heard, by themselves, their counsel and agents, against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners he heard, by themselves, their counsel and agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think lit.

Ordered, That it be an Iuftrudion to the said Committee, that they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of several Trustees for executing the Act ration herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and Oofstorf

3 N read; Bridge Road,

Notice*.

Petition against Rotherhithe Tunnel Bill

Hellfton

Writ.

Ireland—

Annuities

Bill,

committed.

Ireland-Polt Roads Bill, committed.

230

2° Mail

A. 1805.

read; setting forth, That, in pursuance of leave granted by the House, on the 27th day of March last. Notices have been given, that application is making to Parliament, for leave to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, increasing the Tolls, and altering and amending the Powers and Provisions of an Act, passed in the 36th year of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road leading from Crofsford Bridge within , in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to in

the County Palatine of Chester:And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid. ’

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Egerton, &c.:

And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

A Petition of the Rulers, Auditors, Comptrollers, and Assistants, of the Society or Company of Watermen,

, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the River Thames between Gravesend and Win under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Road or Roads under the River Thames from the Parish of Mary Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey, to the oppo-site fide of the said River in the county of;

and setting forth. That the Petitioners conceive themselves to be entitled to the foie and exchdive right of conveying by water all persons and goods from Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey, to the opposite fide of the river in the County of Middlesex, and, if the said Bill

lhoald pass into a law, their rights and interests will be greatly if not intirely done away, so far as respects the said Ferry, and they will be in many other respects greatly injured thereby, unless provisions are inserted in the said Bill for the protection of the Petitioners, and for securing to them an adequate compensation for the injury they mult unavoidably sustain thereby; and therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their agents, or counsel, against the said Bill as it now stands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be "referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their agents or counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee, have Voices.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hellfton, in the room of John Penn, Esquire, who, since his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, and

Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That the Bill for raising the sum of One million five hundred thousand pounds, by way of Annuities, for the service of Ireland, be now read a second time:— The said Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 32d year of His present Majesty, and for more effectually improving, and keeping

in repair, the Poll Roads in Ireland, and for rendering the conveyance of Letters by His Majesty’s Poll Office more secure and expeditious, be now read a second time;—The said Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve Ireland-itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the j’roi'"ffory Bill for restraining the negotiation of certain Protniffory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange in Ireland.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Ireland— Tuesday last, for the second reading of the Bill to extend Sll^Tok« the provisions of an Act, made in the last Section of Par- withdrawn, liament, for preventing the counterfeiting of certain and another Silver Coin ill’m-d by the Banks of England and Ireland 0r^ied' reflectively, to Silver Coin which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Rank of Ireland, called Tokens, and to promote the circulation of the said Tokens, might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

Mr. Fofter presented to the House, according to Order, pres«ut«i a Bill to extend the provisions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for preventing the counterfeiting of certain Silver Coin issued by the Banks of England and Ireland respectively, to Silver Coin which may be ifl'ued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, called Tokens, and to promote the circulation of the said Tokens: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

r

h i

tin

Copy of Treasury

kc. preferred*

The House being informed, that Mr. Parnell, from the office of the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland, Patent attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, in Ireland, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Copy of the Letters Patent to the Lords Commissioners of I lis Majesty’s Treasury of Ireland, dated 18th August 1S04: And also,

A Return of the several Persons from time to time appointed Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland; distinguishing the vacancy or vacancies which they were severally appointed to supply; as also the Particulars of the different, sums from time to time paid to such Commissioners respectively, the fund out of which the fame were paid, and the warrants for paying tho fame; and of all such sums a,s have been paid by way of Pension, Incident Expence, or under any other head, to any person or persons who have ceded to be Conuuiftionors of the Treasury in Ireland, and the fund out of which the fame were paid, and the warrant for paying the fame.

£ And then he withdrew:—And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

The laid Pacers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

X. Jlill to amend th"

The House was moved. That an Act, made 9 Geo ■for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and relief of the Poor, might be l ead:—And ordered, the lame being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to 13 ajtnend

45 Geo. Ill;

t Maii.

amend the said Act: And that, Mr. Baker of Ilcrtford-shire, and Mr. Shaw Lefevre do prepare, and bring in, the

lame.

fiTa^e to Mr- Leyce/ler, from the Soled Committee to whom the

Loi^, Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry

inmgLtJve ^rej-jjecting the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s ird Melville ttaxy) is referred, to enquire into the application of any

'mined ata Monies illiied to the Treasurer of the Navy for Naval ■ommittee. Services, to purposes not Naval, and whether any, and what representations wete marie to the I.ords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or the Chancellor of the Exchequer, respecting the withdrawing from the Bank any linns of Money so issued, since the passing of the Act of 25 Geo. III. c. 31.; and also into the proceedings had for the recovery of the Debt due to the Crown by the late Adam Jellicoe; acquainted the House, That lie was directed, by the said Select Committee, to move the House, that a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire that their Lbrdships will give leave to Lord Viscount Melville to cqme to the said Select Committee, in order to be examined at that Committee.

And Mr. Leyce/ler moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire that their Lordships will give leave to Lord Viscount Melville, to come to the said Select Committee, in order to be examined at that Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Leycester do carry the said Message.

Comte* Ordered, That the Bill for encouraging the Residence p.itidence of Stipendiary Curates on their Cures, be read a second

Bill, jr% j,

ittvrred. time upon Monday next.

Mi for Mr. Lee presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making more effectual provision for the supply-TownT ing of Cities and Market Towns in Ireland with Water: a Ireland And the fame was received; and read the first time. pfU«rr’ Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time> upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Supply, Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve deterred. jtfeif into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Vay* and Resolved, That this . House will. Tommorrow, resolve tim'd into a Committee of the whole House, to consider

further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

wtfor The House was moved. That the Report which, upon X'rh'm Tuesday last, was made from the Committee, to whom acts Bill, the Petition of several Trustees for executing the Arts thereinafter mentioned, was referred, might be again read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That in consideration of the particular circumstances mentioned in the said Report, leave be granted that Notices may be given three times, in some one newspaper circulated in the County of York, in the present month of May, of the application to parliament for the purposes mentioned in the said Petition.

ounts Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-

hnd, S count of the Monies paid under Warrants, or Precepts,

ered: of the Barons of the Exchequer, directed to the Receiver

rmts of General of Customs and Salt, to the Commissioners or lequer. Cashier of Excise, or to the Receiver of Land Rents and Revenues in Scotland, from the 31st of December 1797 to the latefr period to which the same can be made up, towards discharging such Fees, Salaries, and Allowances, as have no relation to the Judicial Establishment; specifying the date of each Warrant, the authority by which the same was issued, the oerson in whose favour it was drawn, the purpose for which it was drawn, and the sum paid by authority thereof; and distinguishing whether the said Monies were paid out of His Majesty’s Revenues, or out of any of the Branches of the Public Revenue in ita the general Customs and Excise.

.ueZ Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Vol. 6a

Account of His Majesty’s hereditary and reserved Revenues iu Scotland; distinguishing the several branches of which they conlift; Hating the annual Receipts in each branch, from the 31st of December 1782 to thelateft period to which the lame can be made out, and specifying such Arrears of Land Rents, or other annual Revenues of the Crown in Scotland, as may have been lettled or discharged within the same period, otherwise than by artiial payment of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Grants that have been made to Subjects, during the reign of His present Majesty, of Land Rents, Bishopric Rents, or other branches of His Majesty’s hereditary'and reserved Revenues in Scotland.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of any Pensions that may have been charged upon His Majesty’s Civil Establishment in Scotland, since the last Order of this House of 5th of June 1801; spe-eifying the times when granted, and the Persons to whom they are or may be payable.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Monies that may have been issued by the Receiver General of Land Rents, and Revenues in Scotland, by the Receiver General of the Customs or Commissioners of Excise there, since the 31st of December 1797, to thelateft period to which the fame can be made up, in pursuance of Orders from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or under any other authority than that of Warrants from the Barons of the Exchequer.

A Petition of Peter Stuart, Printer and Publisher of a Morning Newspaper, intituled, " The Daily Advertiser, " Oracle, and True Briton," was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, for the publication of that part of his Paper of Thursday last, deemed highly offen-five to the House, he feels the deepest regret; and, although certain expressions in that paragraph be indif-creet and unguarded, and such as have incurred the displeasure of so important a branch of the Constitution, yet that the Petitioner humbly hopes, on this acknowledgement of his sincere sorrow, that the House, in the plenitude of its condescension and liberality, will be pleased to pardon him for a transgression solely attributable to the hasty composition of a Newspaper, and not to any deliberate design of offending the House; and that the Petitioner is emboldened to solicit the indul* gence and forgiveness of the House on his well-founded assurance, that, during the several years in which he has conducted a Newspaper, it has uniformly been his principle and pride zealously to support the character and dignity of the House of Commons; and that it has frequently fallen to his lot to have vindicated both from the charges of societies, expressly instituted to bring them into public disrepute and contempt; and that, in any observations which the Petitioner may' have published on the conduct of Lord Melville, he could not but bear in mind, that the views of those societies, abetting domestic treason, and allifted by the co-operation of the resolutionary power of France, would, he verily believes, have efli rted the destruction of the British Constitotion, had not the wife and efficient measures brought forward by that Administration, in which Lord Melville held so conspicuous a situation, been adopted, and the House would not, in that case, perhaps, have been now in existence either to censure Lord Melville or to pardon the Petitioner; and that, if any thing could increase the Petitioner’s regret, it would be its being supposed, that the objectionable paragraph was directed also against the Right honourable the Speaker of the House of Commons; that the Petitioner has no hesitation to declare, that no idea was ever more remote from his mind, and that the Petitioner would he the very last person to in-fiimate any thing difrefpertful of a Character, whom he,: in conjunction with the whole Nation, highly etieems as a private gentleman, and most profoundly' venerates as the head and public organ of the House: And the Petitioner, therefore, most humbly hopes, that the House will consent to his release.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Peter Stuart be now brought to the Bar

of

Grants of Land Rents.

Pensions*

Treasury

Orders.

Petition of Peter Stuart, to be discharged.

232

2°—3° J/a//,

1305.

of this House, in order tel his being reprimanded and in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1798; be dischargerl. now read :—And the fame being read;

The House divided. , That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve

The \ eas went forth. itself into the said Committee*

(Sir Henry Pa aid St. John i Tellers for the Ycas,\ \ 1

(Mr.: )

42*

121..

Reprimanded,

and discharged.

Vote of Thanks to Commissioners of Naval Enquiry*

Tellers for the Noes.j ££

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

He was accordingly brought to the Bar; where he received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker, and was ordered to be discharged out of custody, paying his fees.

The Reprimand was as followeth; viz.

Peter Stuart,

You having confessed that you were the Printer and Publisher of a Paper, which has been complained of to the House, as containing libellous reflections upon its character and conduct;—this House resolved that you were thereby guilty of a high breach of its privileges; and ordered you to be taken into custody.

By your Petition you have this day expressed your sorrow for your offence, and acknowledged the justice of your punishment; and thereupon this House, in its lenity, has ordered that you be now brought to the Bar, to be reprimanded and discharged.

I have now, therefore, to reprimand and admonith you, as a warning to others, that this House doth and will resent it, as a high offence in any man, who shall presume to slander its character and conduct, and endeavour to degrade it in the public estimation.

You being now reprimanded, it is my duty further to acquaint you, that you are discharged;—paying your fees.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That what has been now said by Mr. Speaker, in reprimanding the said Peter Stuart, be entered in the Journal of this I louse.

The Order of the day being read, for the second read- Bill for ing of the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the 23d year of

Ti* ____r___* \f •,1 .. . n 1 . J , Otnccor

His present Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Office of the Paymalicr General of His Majesty’s Forces, and the more regular Payment of tire Army; and for the more effectually regulating *the said Office;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow. '

Paym.tlfcr

Gt-neni,

deterred

Mr. HuJkiJJbn presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,—An Account, Viewing the amount of the sums wanting to complete j0: ")}000,000, granted out of the Monies that shall arise from the surplus of the Con-solidated Fund for the service of the year 1804:—And the Title was read.

Ordered, Thai the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is inierted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Account uf Surplus of Conibl aimed Fund, prefcated.

Ayptxiiz)

(No. 51.)

Isle of Mm, p relented.

Mr. Hu/kiJJbn presented to the House, pursuant to their Commiiron Order,—A paper, intituled, " John Duke of Atholl to Govemorof " Lord Henry Murray—Commission to be Lieutenant " Governor of the I fie of Man—4th August 1804:"—■

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

The said Paper is preserved amongst. the other Papers of this Session.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That it appears that the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the 43d year of His Majesty’s Reign, to enquire and examine into any Irregularities, Fratids, or Abuses, which are or have been practised by Persons employed in the several Naval Departments therein mentioned, have, as far as appears from the Reports which they have hitherto made, exerted themselves with great diligence, ability, and fortitude; and that the whole of their conduct, in the execution of the arduous duties entrusted to them, entitles- them to the warmest approbation and encouragement of this House;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the words " the whole of."

And the Question being proposed, That the words proposed to be left out Hand part of the Question;

The said proposed Amendment and Motion were severally, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That it appears, that the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the 43d year of His Majesty’s Reign, to enquire and examine into any Irregularities, Frauds, or Abuses, which are, or have been, practised by Persons employed in the several Naval Departments therein mentioned, have, as far as appears from the reports which they have hitherto made, exerted themselves with great diligence, ability, and fortitude, and that their conduct, in the execution of the arduous duties entrusted to them, entitles them to the warmest approbation and encouragement of this House.

Ordered, That the said Resolution be transmitted, by Mr. Speaker, to the said Commissioners.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more easy obtaining Ireland— Partition of Lands subject to ascertained Rights of Com- p^iuonof mon in Ireland, be read a second time Tommorrow. lands,

deferred.

Ordered, That the Bill for amending an Act, passed Ireland-* in Ireland, in the 29th year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending and making more relating u> " effectual the several Laws relating to the First Fruits, Firit Fmo, " payable out of ecclesiastical Benefices in this King- e " dom; and for the better regulation and management " of the charitable Bequest of Doctor Hugh Boulter,

" late Lord Archbishop of Armagh, for augmenting the " maintenance of poor Clergy in this Kingdom be read a second time Tommorrow.

Committee oa A&

respecting

Shut*

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to coiifider of so much of an Act made 34 Geo. III. for granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on Slate, Stone, and Marble, as exempts Slate, the value whereof shall not exceed twenty findings per ton, from the Duty thereby granted.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Veneris,

Anno 4 Geor

5° die Mali

IIP11 Regis, 1 Bo-

Prayers.

MR. Howard reported from the Committee, to whom Gloucester the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the

Land Tax Commissioners Bill, deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting into execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting to His Majest v a Duty on Pensions, Offi ces, and Personal Estates, in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1805; and an Act, made in the 38th year of His present Majesty, for granting an aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised

Gloucester and Berkeley Canal, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to tile House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,—T wo Acts passed in the 33d and 37th years of His present Majesty's reign, for making and maintaining the said Canal, were

read:

Petition,

icportcti*

45 Geo. III. 3° Mali. 233

read:—And, Mr. John Wheeled being examined, said, second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fe-That by virtue of the powers granted by the said Acts, verally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. the Petitioners have proceeded to make the said Canal Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be and Works, and have expended a considerable sum of ingrossed.

money therein:—And the Witness further said, that by Surveys and Levels lately made, it appears that it would be very advantageous to the Petitioners and useful to the Public, if power was given to alter and vary the line of the said Canal, by making such line of variation from the said Canal, at or in a certain Field called Field,

situate in the Parish of Saul, in the said County of

ce/ier, and to run and extend from thence in a line so as to communicate with the Ilivern Severn, ator near a place in the Parish of Arlingham, in the said County, called The Hock Crib.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to ' enable the Company of Proprietors of the Gloucester and

Berkeley Canal, to vary and alter the line of a certain'part of the said Canal; and to enable the said Company to raise a further sum of Money for carrying into execution the several Acts for making the said Canal: And that Mr. Hozvard, Admiral Berkeley, and Lord Charles Henry Somerset, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Petition A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parish t'Tm'cuin Upton cum Chalvey, in the County of Buckingham, was cii'iivey presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the hdoiure Bill. Bill for inclosing Lands in the said Parish; and setting forth, That if the fame should pass into a Law, it will be very injurious to their interests: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their counsel or agents, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a second time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think lit.

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Plumptree, Plum pure, in the County of Nottingham, was read a second time. in^ire Bj

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. committed.

pont, Mr. Eyre, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for more effectually repairing and improving Melton the Road from Melton Mowbray in the County of Leicester, to the Guide Post in Saint Field Let- committed.’

cester, and another Road therein mentioned, was read a second time.

Be/blved, That the Bill he committed to Sir Edmund Cradock ldartopp, Mr. Legh Keck, c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Egefton reported from the Committee, to whom Lawton and the Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed in the 3d and 23d years of reported. ’ His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from ton in the County of Chester, to Burslem and tinder Lyme in the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- . unto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once

read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Petition A Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in exe-!£ren<l cution certain A6is, made for building a Bridge over the Navisption River Lee, at or near a place called Jeretny’s Ferry, and Bl11, formating and repairing Roads from thence into the great Roads at Snarefbrooke in the County of Essex, and at Clapton in the county of ; wras presented to

the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for the better preservation, and further improvement, of the Navigation of the said River; and setting forth. That the fame contains several clauses and provisions highly injurious to the rights of the Pet itioners: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their counsel or agents, against such parts of the said Bill as aiiect their interests.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their counsel or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an In ft ruction to the said Committee, that they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in iavour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

kfireBiii Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to whom

*r;td.' ’ the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Blidworth, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills oflnclosure, had beeu complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their con-lent to the Bill, to the fal isfattion of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Vo I.. 60.

A Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Petition fi-cra dlesex, convened by the Sheriff on Thursday the 2d of Muidiefex, May 1805, was presented to the House, and read; setting Tenth Report forth. That the Votes of the House on the 8th and 10th on Naval of April last, founded upon the Tenth Report of the Com- En<luir/-missioners of Naval Enquiry, have interested the whole Nation, and no part of the Nation more deeply than the Petitioners; and they humbly crave the liberty of Hating, that no measures ever yet issued from the Commons of England, which had diifufed more gladness, or raised more expectation, than the said Votes of April the 8th and 10th, declaring Lord Viscount Melville to be guilty of a grols violation of Law, and a high breach of Duty, thereby supporting the upright and virtuous discharge of the falu-tary duties of the said Commissioners, whole conduct has excited the gratitude and the confidence of the whole Country; and that the renewal of the said Commission is a subject of unfeigned joy to the Petitioners; and they entreat the House to be careful to make the new Law effectual and adequate to its end; and they pray the House to attend particularly to those parts of the Tenth Report, which have detailed the obftaelcs thrown by persons in office in the way of the investigations of the said Commissioners, and to guard against their repetition; and they submit to the House, whether the Agents of corruption will not be eager to shelter their contumacy under the example of their superiors, unless the enlarged authority of the Law defeat their artifices; nothing, the Petitioners are persuaded, could be more revolting to the Public Sentiment, or could more thoroughly disappoint. the hopes of the Country, than that, intlead of inquiries real, honest, and efficient, a fallacious and illufdvy system should be allowed to be adopted, under which real guilt might elude detection, and the fub(lance of earned in-vel'tigation be sacrificed to mere pretence and shew; and they confidently hope that the House, in selecting Commissioners for enquiring into the Army, and all other Pub’ic Expenditure, will nominate persons of emineut talents and integrity; and the Petitioners beg leave to date to the House, that a civil action against Lord Mel-

3 O villa

tr/zingfon Inclosure Bill, reported.

Fetition from London, respctVing the Petition of the Catholics of Ireland.

234 * 3° Mail . 1805.

villeand Mr. Trottervrould not of itfelfbe satisfactory to

the Public Expectation; that a criminal prosecution against those Delinquents, is the real with of the Country, because the recovery of millions of money would not be of such real benefit to the People, as to see the justice of the Law vindicated upon a great delinquent, with the fame equal, impartial, inflexible stemness, with which it falls upon the poorest and moll unprotected criminal; and that the House, by the said Votes of the 8th and 10th of April, has extorted the admiration of those, most hostile to the character and construction of the Lower House of Parliament; by following up the spirit of those votes, the House will secure the confidence and the affection of the Nation, and the triumph of the Constitution will

be complete; and the Petitioners entreat the House to proceed and finish their labours upon these points in a manner, that may be worthy of the honoured and applauded commencement of the fame; and they beg of the House not to cease till they bring Lord Melville to condign punishment, to expose delinquencies wherever traced, and to make an example of guilt in whatever quarter it may be proved: And therefore praying the House to take the premises into consideration, and to grant such relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. James Graham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township and Manor of Frizington, in the Parish of , in the

county of Cumberland, was committed j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Boor’s Rate at 14 s. 7 d. per annum, who refused to sign the Bill, and also except the Proprietors assessed at £,. 1. 2 s.5 d.per annum, who were neuter; and that the whole property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed at <£. 17. 9.?. 11 d. per annum-, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

The House being informed, that the Sheriffs of the City of London, attended at the door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Ix>rd Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have observed, with infinite concern and difquictude, a Petition lately presented to the House, by " the Roman Catholics of Ireland, on behalf of them-" selves and of others, His Majesty’s subjects professing " the Roman Catholic Religion," pray ing a repeal of the several Statutes by which they are precluded from offices of trust and power, the only remaining bulwarks now in exigence for the preservation and security of the Protestant Reformed Religion, as finally settled at the glorious Resolution of 1688; and that the Petitioners conceive they would incur the imputation of criminal indifference, ' as the first Municipal Body in His Majesty Dominions, were they lightly to regard an application to the Legis-laturc so formidable in its claims, and so mischievous in its tendency to the Religion, Laws, and Liberties, which it has ever been their glory to admire, and their ambition to guard and secure in every perilous situation; and that

the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance are an integral part of the Bill of Rights, proposed, as the Declaration of the Lords and Commons of 1688, expressly Antes, " in " order to such an Establishment as that their Religion,

" Laws, and Liberties, might not again be in danger of " being subverted that the abrogation of or dispensation with those Oaths, to any class of His Majesty’s subjects, would not only weaken at present, but ultimately destroy, those solid foundations on which the wisdom and virtue of our ancestors erected our free and happy Constitution, the envy and admiration of the world; and that the Petitioners regard, with veneration and gratitude, those unextinguishable principles which led the Legislature of that day to provide for the happiness and freedom of their Posterity, by so carefully guarding the Protestant succession, which has placed the House of Brunswick on the Throne of the United Kingdom; and they rely, under Providence, that the spirit of our Forefathers will animate and strengthen the virtue and pa-triotism of their honourable successors, the Commons of the Imperial Parliament, to preserve, uninjured, the glorious fabric they have rai fed; and that the Petitioners conceive every equality is already allotted to the Roman Catholics, in common with the rest of His Majesty’s subjects, consistent with the safety of the Church and State; but that, to grant an indiscriminate participation of ower, without requiring and enforcing the Oaths of upremacy and Allegiance, taken by every other cb.Cs of His Majesty’s subjects, must be productive of future unavoidable anarchy and misery: And therefore praying.

That the remaining salutary restrictive Statutes, respecting the Roman Catholics, may not be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Tredington, Tredington in the county of Gloucester, was read a second time. inclosure Bin,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Admiral conl, mt Berkeley, Lord Robert Edward Henry Somerset, &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart reported to the House, that Answer to

their Address of Monday last (that His Majesty would Addref*. be graciously pleased to give directions that the Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions accordingly.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart presented to the House, pur- Con-efpon-suant to their Address to His Majesty, dence

Copy of a Letter from Mr. Justice Daly, respecting KUnabiLa the State Prisoners in Kilmainham, to the Lord Lieute- Gaol, nant of Ireland; dated 1 ith July 1804: And also, presentrf.

Copy of a Letter from the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to Mr. Justice Daly-, dated Dublin , 14th July 1804: And also.

Copy of a Letter from the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to Lord Chief Justice Downes-, dated Dublin Castle, 14 th July 1804: And also.

Copy of a Letter from Lord Chief Justice Downes to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, with a Report of the Judges on their investigation of the condition of the State Prisoners confined in Kilmainham Gaol; dated 18th July 1804.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Papers be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Ireland— reading of the Bill for amending an Act, passed in Ireland, in the 29th year of King George the Second, intituled, luting to " An Act for amending and making more effectual the " several Laws relating to the First Fruits, payable out de err* ‘

* of ecclesiastical Benefices in this Kingdom; and for " the better regulation and management of the chari-" table Bequest of Doctor Hugh Boulter, late Lord Areh-1 " billiop

i. 45 Geo. III. 3° i

2! j)ishop of Armagh, for augmenting the maintenance of

« Poor Clergy in this Kingdom," be now read:—And

11 the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time, upon Monday next

Ordered, That Mr. Cart be added to tlieGentle-, (ember men> who arp appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of several jiJerby Owners of Estates in the Parish of ,in the County

ioiurcsm. 0{LhlC0ln.

Mr. Cartwright presented to the House, according to £!ted. Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish o

in the County of Lincoln: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

onfrom Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to

(Vk,&c. whom the Petition of the Clothworkers and Shearmen of Sthe the Counties of York, Some Gloucester, and;

anuucturc, of the Weavers of the Counties of Somerset, Gloucester, tpcrtai. an(j Wilts, and other parts of the United Kingdom; and of the Clothiers of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,—An Act, passed in the zd and 3d year of the reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled, "An Act touching Weavers;" and also an Act, passed in the 4 th and 5th year of the said reign, intituled, "An Act touching the making of Woollen " Clothsand also an Act, passed in the 5th year of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act contain-" ing divers Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of " Husbandry and Apprentices," were severally read: —And, Mr. Francis Berry, being examined said. That he has been concerned in the Woollen Trade upwards of 35 years; that the object of the above recited Acts was to secure the good and skilful Manufacture of Woollen Cloths; and that the provisions thereof, which prevented 1 persons from weaving or making, or putting to weave or make Woollen Cloths, or for using or exercising the art, mystery, or occupation of Woollen Cloth Weavers, unless they should have been Apprentices thereto for the space of seven years, have been found highly beneficial, and have greatly contributed to the excellence and fuc-cess of the said Manufacture, and the prosperity of the Kingdom—That the Penalties imposed by the said Acts are by lapse of' time, and by the alteration which has taken place in the value of Money, insufficient for enforcing the due observance of the said Provisions—That the provisions of the said Act of Queen Elizabeth, which require that one of the Parents of such Apprentices should have Estates of Inheritance or Freehold of £. 3. annum, are inapplicable to the present fiate of Society in this Kingdom, and the enforcing thereof would greatly diminish the number of persons capable of being employed in the said Manufacture, and to the great injury of the persons who might be so employed, and of persons employed in the said Manufacture who are willing to take Apprentices :—And being further examined, he laid, That the employment of Weavers and other persons engaged in the Woollen Trade, to spin and weave and make Cloth at their own houses, has produced effects highly beneficial, by improving the condition and comfort of the persons so employed, and by preserving their morals, inculcating habits of iudustry in their families, increasing the population of the Country, and promoting and diffusing the wealth of the Counties in which such employment should be encouraged; and that the life, by individuals or partners, of numerous Looms and Spinning Jennies in the fame Manufactory, should be prohibited.

—Then, an Act, passed in the 5th and 6th year of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, "An Act for putting down " of Gig Mills," was read; by which it appeared, that in many parts of this Realm was newly and lately devised, 'erected, budded, and used, certain mills called Gig Mills, VOL. 60.

Mail 235

for the perching and burling of Cloth; and that the true drapery of this Realm was wonderfully impaired, and the Cloth thereof deceitfully made, by reason of the using of the said Gig Mills:—Then,

Mr. John Tale, being examined, said, That he has been concerned in the Woollen Trade 16 years; that, notwithstanding the said Act, divers Gig Mills, or Machines constructed on the fame or a like principle, and adapted to the fame purpose, have been set up, and Cloths have been thereby unduly stretched and otherwise injured; and that doubts have arisen, whether the word " burling," in the said Act mentioned, applies to the Gig Mills, or other Machines now in use, although those mills or machines cause the fame injurious eftefts in the said Manufacture; and that it is expedient that such doubts should be removed:—Then,

Mr. Bern) being again examined, said, That it is important to the due encouragement of the domestic Manufacture of Woollen Cloths, that Machines called Spinning Jennies, should be limited in regard to the number which may be lawfully employed in one House or Factory, by or for the benefit of one and the same person, or two or more persons being partners:—Then,

Mr. James Jones being examined, said. That he has been concerned in the Woollen Manufacture years,;

, and being further examined, said. That notwithstanding there are divers Statutes now in force, to prevent the Master Clothiers, Weavers, and other Persons concerned in carrying on the Woollen Manufacture, from paying their Workmen in Goods by way of truck, or in any other way than in money for their Labour; yet the Mailers and other persons do in many instances pay their Workmen with Goods by way of truck, or in some other way equally injurious:—/then,

Mr. Tate being again examined, said. That the law respecting Sealers and Searchers and Inspectors of Woollen Cloths, have been greatly evaded, and are in many places totally neglected; and that the Wages or Fees now payable to the said Sealers, Searchers, and Inspectors, are an inadequate reward for the duties to be performed by such Sealers, Searchers, and Inspectors respectively.

Ordered, That the said Report do l ie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed for the Members of the House.

Mr. Leycester reported. That he had, according to Report of Order, been at the Lords, to desire that their Lordships ^1° will give leave to Lord Viscount Melville to come to the reipetting’ihe Select Committee of this House, upon matters contained ^tte.'llJa5*t nof in the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval En- r e v e’ quiry, in order to be examined at that Committee; and that their Lordshipsgave foranswer, that they would fend an answer by Messengers of their own.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Bin to House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, for a time con'inue to be limited, an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for appointing Com- Aa,

" missioners to enquire and examine into any Irregulari- Prek‘lted-" ties. Frauds, or Abuses, which are or have been prac-" tifed by persons employed in the several Naval De-" partments therein mentioned, and in the business of " Prize Agency; and to report such observations asihall " occur to them for preventing such Irregularities, Frauds,

" and Abuses; and for the better conducting and ma-" naging the business of the said Departments, and of " Prize Agency in future :" And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time, upon Monday next.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Bill to House, according to Order, a Bill to appoint Commissioners to enquire and examine into the Public Expendi- enquire into ture, and the conduct of Public Business in the Depart- ^|ic ments therein mentioned, and to report such observations predated?* as lha.ll occur to them for correcting or preventing any Abuses and Irregularities, and for the better conducting and managing the business of the said Departments:

And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered,

236

3® Man.

A. 1805.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time, upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Petition from A Petition of the Electors of the City and Liberty of r'^eaing the 'Westminster, convened by the High Bailiff in Palace

Tenth Report Yard on Friday the 3d of May 1805, was presented to E11 Uoufe, ar|d read; setting forth. That the Petitioners

nquiry. share the National Gratitude to the House, for the memorable and virtuous Votes of the 9th and xoth of April lair, founded upon the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, declaring the Lord Viscount Melville guilty of a gross violation of the Law, and a high breach of Public Duty :—Never were Parliamentary measures received with more exultation by the Country than the said Votes, and nothing, the Petitioners are persuaded, could cause more disappointment to the Nation, than the House flopping short of those great ends of Justice, which the Public intered demands, and the hohour the House has acquired by the said Votes, exacts and enforces at their hands; and that the pure, the moderate, the faithful, the independent, and the dignified discharge of the functions with which the Law has inverted the said Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, has filled the Country with the most unqualified admiration of their conduct, the renewal of their authority is a source of the most unfeigned pleasure to the People at large; and the Petitioners do most eariieftly supplicate the House, that, in the construction of the new statute, their attention will be fixed upon the contumacious obstrudion to full enquiry, which is so clearly pointed out in the said Tenth Report; and that they will carefully guard against its repetition; and, that the Petitioners beg leave to state to the House, that a civil suit against Lord Melville and Mr. Trotter, unaccompanied by criminal prosecution, would be infinitely short of the Public hopes, because it is so of Public justice: It is not the refunding of money, that of itfclfisof real consequence to the Nation, it is the infliction of an exemplary vengeance upon proved and powerful Delinquents; it is the manifestation to the whole world, that high criminals are not above the reach of punishment; and that the corrupt or wanton violation of Law, shall feel the strength of its arm; and that, above all things, the Petitioners entreat the House not to permit the Public feeling to be sported with; and in the formation of enquiries similar to the Naval Commission, that they will take care that the power constituted be equal to its profefted objects, both as relating to the vigour of the authority, and to the integrity of those w ho are to put it in execution; for they submit to the House, whether, if any thing can be worse than a deep rooted wide-spread lyftem of abuse and peculation in the management of Public Money; it w ould not be the institution of a system of revision, in its nature a bnrlcfque upon investigation, and in its result a mockery of justice; and that to all these points they beg the bed attention of the House; and beseech them to pnrftie with efil d what they have begun with so much honour; and that the Petitioners entreat the House not to relax in their efforts till they have brought Lord Melville to condign punishment, and given to all who shall be found to have committed similar crimes, a signal demonstration that in the Representatives of the People, instead of abettors of their iniquities, they will find only the faithful Guardians of the Nation, and the zealous Vindicators of the Law s: And therefore praying the House to take the premises into ronsideration, and to grant such relief as to the House thall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

to be due from John Fordi;ce, Esquire, late Receiver General of the Land and other Taxes in Scotland -, with a Duplicate.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Returns be printed, for the Members of the Ploufe.

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Remm-

the ift day of April last, (that there be laid before this criminal

House, a Return of the Particulars of the Expences incur- inland"' red for Criminal Prosecutions in Ireland, conducted at to b«made the Expence of the Crown, from ift January 1795 to ift fortllwlti’ January 1801,) might be read:—And the fume being read;

Ordered, That the said Return be laid before this House forthwith.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursu- Account*

ant to their Orders, volume?

A Statement of the mode of issuing the Funds applicable to the Volunteer Service, through the Office of the Agent General, with an Account of the Expence of that Establishment, from the ift of June 1803 to the ift of January 1805; specifying the different heads under which the fame has been issued: And all'o.

An Account of Pay to the Staff of the Volunteers, from the 24th of September 1804 to the ill of January 1805.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Papers be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Papers are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.-

(No. 15'

Mr. Hujkiffbnpresented to the House, pursuant to Account of

their Order of the 23d day of May in the last Session of Parliament,—An Account of the Sums paid to Neutral Neutral ships. States, or Subjects of Neutral States, or Subjects, presented.

in consequence of the detention or condemnation of Ships or Goods belonging to Neutrals, from the ift of January 1793 to the latest period the fame can be made up :—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Appendix,

(No. 52.)

, Paper*.

pi elLnttd:

Honourable

Keith

SlCVV.i 1 t.

Mr. H presented to the House,—Return to an Order of the House, dated the 3d of April

- - -7 - --— J----- j

Papers respecting ihe Debt due to the Public from the Representatives of the late Honourable Keith Stewart; with Duplicates, and a Schedule of the said Returns: And also,

A Return to an Older of the House, dated the 22d of March last, for, an Account of all Sums which have been paid in discharge of the debt of ,£.90,473. iSs. 6d. Rated in the Eighth Report of the Select Committee of Finance

for

MY. Fordyce.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the Account of the Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Pay mart cr General of His Majesty's Forces, from the 25th of December 1803 to the 23th of December 1804, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Volunteer Corps, from the 25th of December 1804 to the 24th of December 1805, both- inclusive, being 365 days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, /liewing the amount of the Sums wanting to complete *£.5,000,000, granted out of the Monies that thall arise from the surplus of the Consolidated Fund, for the Service of the year 1804, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Mr.

Extraordinary* of the Army.

lYn; (:-• hr I

Committee of Supply.

Accounts.&c. referred:

Volunteer

Corps.

Consolidated F und.

45 Geo. III.

3° Mali,

237

rbc Lords have agreed to

fare ham* ScC* Incioi'urc Bill.

The Lords lave passed

Winn’s Nst. Bill.

schweick-

iieTt's

Nat. Bill.

Wirir.’s Nst. Bill.

read.

Schweick-fcert’s Nat. Bill, read.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr.

Simeo?i:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, int ituled. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in the County of Southamptoi i; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Warin', to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act; for naturalizing Schurickhert Sc; to which the

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual prevention of Smuggling, was committed:—And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That said the Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill b§ re-committed to a Committee of the whole 1 lonfe.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

BUI for the Prevention of Smuggling, re-committed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to. Ireland— resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Poj^oatl* upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Parliament deferred. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for of Ireland, in the 32d year of His present Majesty, and

Lords desire the concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ireland— Committee on Annuities Bill.

naturalizing Nicholas Warm, was read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing SchiveickhertSclnceickhert, was read the

first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to

for more effectually improving and keeping in repair the Post Roads in Ireland, and for rendering the conveyance of Letters by His Majesty’s Poll Office more secure and expeditious;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for re-

Ireland-*-Committee oO Promiflor

Ireland— Committee on Stiver Tokens m.i.

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon straining the negotiation of certain Promissory Notes Notes

and Inland Bills of Exchange in Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had "one through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, 1 when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said reported, Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Re-

the Bill for raising the sum of One million five hundred thousand pounds, by way of Annuities, for the service of Ireland, be now read:—And tire fame being read; the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleufe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday

next.

Ordered, That 'the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon port was read

the Bill to extend the provisions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for preventing the counterfeiting of certain Silver Coin issued by the Banks of England and Ireland respectively, to Silver Coin which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, called Tokens, and to promote the circulation of the said Tokens, be now read:—And the fame being read;—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, be printed, for the Members of the House.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That, this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways and Means, deferred.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

rn>e!ty Hits Bill, •commuted.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal certain parts of an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for granting a contribution on the Profits arising from Properly, Professions, Trades, and Offices, and to consolidate and render more effectual the provisions for collecting the said Duties, was committed:—And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Vol. 6o,

Land Tax

Commission-

the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting into deferred.’ execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a duty on Pensions,

Offices, and Perform] Estates, in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1805; and an Act, made in the 38th year of His present Majesty, for granting an aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be ' raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1798; '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill for regulating the

The Order of the day being read, fir the second reading of the Bill to pepeal an Act, made in the 23d gffice * year of His present Majesty, for the better regulation of Paymaiier

3 P the aa

Ireland—

Bill for Partitioa of Land*, deferred.

Committee on Act respecting Slate.

Answer of Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, to Vote of Thanks,

Account of Balia It delivered by Trinity House, presented.

238

3°—6° Mali.

A. 1805.

the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Thames for the Iail thirty years, and the net profit arising Forces, and the more regular payment of the Army; therefrom, distinguishing the quantity and profit in each

and for the more effectually regulating the said Office;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading of the Bill for the more easy obtaining partition of Lands subject to ascertained Rights of Common in Ireland;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

The other Order of the day being read:—The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider osso much of an Act, made 34 III. for

year respectively; ffiewing also how much per ton the railing and delivering the fame colls the Trinity House, and how much per ton is paid for the same by alien merchant ships, British merchants in general trade, and by colliers.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said . Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Apptniit, (No- 53)

Mr. Shaxv reported from the Committee, to Redditch

whom the Petition of several Land Owners, Manufacturers, pciiaPel granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on and other Inhabitants, of the Hamlet of Redditch, in the reported. Slate, Stone, and Marble, as exempts Slate, the value Parish of Tar debigg, in the Counties of and

referred; That the Committee

whereof shall not exceed twenty shillings per ton, from the Duty thereby granted.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Parish of

Wancick, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Hunt being examined, said, That the Chapel of Bordftey, commonly called Bedditch Chapel, is part of a

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday certain building formerly called Bordftey Abbey, and that next the fame hath from time to time, been repaired by sub-

feription, but is now in a very decayed and ruinous Hate, and it is not known that any person is compellable to repair the fame; and that the Inhabitants of the said HamJet have of late years greatly increased, and the said Chapel being situated near a mile from the dwelling houses in the said Hamlet, and the Roads leading to the said Chapel being very bad, particularly in the winter season, and the Parish Church being nearly three miles dillant from the said dwelling houses, it would be a great accommodation to the Inhabitants thereof if a new Chapel was erected, upon a piece of Waste Ground contiguous to the said dwelling houses, with a Grave Yard thereto, and if Divine Service was performed therein, instead of being performed in the present Chapel.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Chapel in the Hamlet of Redditch, in the Parish of Tardebigg, in the counties of Worcester and Warwick: And that Mr. Shaio Lefevre, Mr. Dugdale, and Mr. Mordaunt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the clock.

Lunce, 6° Man;

Anno 45° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1805. Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received fram the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, the following Letter, in return to the Thanks of this House of Thursday last.

* Office of Naval Enquiry, Great George-street,

Sir,

4 th May 1805.

We have had the honour to receive Your Letter of the 3d of this month, transmitting to us a Copy of the Resolution of the House of Commons, of the 2d inllant.

Ordered, That Mr. Eger ton be added to the Gentle-

It is moll gratifying to us to learn, that our condutt, as men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, has been considered by pursuant to the prayer of the Petition of several Owners

Member added to bring in Leek

the House as deservinga Vote of their approbation; a testimony, which is judly esteemed one of the highest honours that can be conferred on persons employed in the service of the Public: we receive this mark of dif-tinftion with the greatest respect and thankfulness; and of Estates in the Townships or Liberties of Leek, , inciofureBiU, Leekfrith, and Tittcsworth, in the Manors of Leek and Frith, in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford.

Mr. Egerton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of,

we request that You will have the goodnefc to commum- fa the’c,,,ty of Stafford: And the fame was received

Bill,

presentetf.

cate to the House these our lentiments.

We also beg leave to express our sense of the very obliging manner in which You have been pleased to convey the Resolution of the House.

We have the honour to be.

Sir,

Your moll obedient humble servants,

Charles Morice Ewan Law,

John Ford,

Jlew v Nicholls,

Wm. Mackzoorth Praed.

To the Right honourable The Speaker of the House of Commons.

The House being informed, thnt Mr. Court, from the Trinity House, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the quantity of Ballad delivered by the Trinity House to all ships and vessels in the river

and read the fil’d time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Egerton be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Parish of Mareham Supra, in the county indofureB®-of Lincoln.

Member added to bring in Mareham

Mr. Egerton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Mareham Supra, in the County of Lincoln: And the fame was received; and read thefird time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Bill,

presented#

Mr. Egerton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for executing the Act thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his place,

and

Petition re/pecHng C wJttord Bridge Road Notices, reported.

j

45 Geo. III*

6° Mail

£39

and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Richard Prick informed your Committee, that, in pursuance of leave granted on the 27th day of March lad. Notices have been given at the last Easter Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the County Palatine of Chester, and three times in the Newspaper, called The Courant, in the month of April lall, that application is making to Parliament, for leave to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, increasing the Tolls, and altering and amending the Powers and Provisions of an Act of the 36th year of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road leading from Bridge within

Stretford, in the County Palat ine of to Altrin-

cham, in the County Palatine of

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 27th day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in execution the Act thereinafter mentioned, was referred, might be again read:— And the same being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the 36th year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from ford Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester: And that Mr. Eger ton and Mr. Cholmondely do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

ptrthy Mr- Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom b-J the Bill for inclosing the Commons called The Perth, kiurt Bill an& ^CW Mar ton Common, in the Parish of EUefmere,

Htti. ’in the County of Salop, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments (hereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

mand An ingrafted Bill to continue the Term, and alter and tra enlarge the Powers of two Aids, passed in the 3d and ®23d years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Lawton in the County of to hurjlem and

Newcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the 3d and 23d years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Lawton in the County of Chester, to and under

Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Egerton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin be added to the Gentle-’ m<?n, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill,

pursuant to the prayer of the Petition of Pitt,

Bill. Esquire, a principal Proprietor of Lands in the Parish of Alford, in the County of Somerset.

Mr. Baldwin presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Alford, in the County of Somerset: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Vol. 60.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Town- Frizington fiiip and Manor of Frizington, in the Parish of

in the County of Cumberland, was read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township and Manor of Frizington, in the Parish of Arlecdon, in the County of Cumberland-.

Ordered, That Mr. James Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr; Stratford and Mr. Harvey: veagree

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Gillingham, for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Gillingham Saint xnc^re Mary, Gillingham All Saints, Winston, and in

the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Rustock for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Rujhock, in the County Incl°rureBllI» of Worcester; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew;

A Bill for dividing certain Lands in the Parish of Norton Norton Bavant, in the County of Wilts, and a certain fndXi’reBiil Common Meadow called Pitmead in the said Parish of committed. * Norton Bavant, and in the several Parishes of Bishopjioio, and Sutton Veny, in the said County of Wilts, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Joshua Smith, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

A Bill for continuing the term, arid altering and eri- Norwich larging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 9th and 12th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road omna e from the City of Norwich to Scale Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, was read a second time.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bobert Felowes, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom Glamorgan the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees Report, for executing two Acts, passed 4 and 25 Geo. Ill, for reported, amending and keeping in repair several Roads leading from the Town of Cardiff, and other Towns and Places, in the County of Glamorgan, wras referred; That the Committee had further examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as if appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read:—And, Mr. John Wood, being examined, said. That the Trustees have borrowed several sums of Money on the credit of the Tolls; which still remain due and owing, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads properly maintained and improved, unless the term of the said Acts be continued, some of the powers and provisions thereof amended, and the Tolls increased:—And being further examined, he said. That the present Road leading from Roath Church, over Cardiff\len\\\, through the several Parishes of Roath and St. John, in Cardiff and Landaff, to the second milestone on the Turnpike Road leading from Cardiff to Merthyr Tydand also the Road from the Town of Caerphilly to Quakers Yard Bridge, through the several Parishes of Eglwand Lanvabon, from the Town of Caerphilly aforesaid, to a certain Bridge crofting the River Rumneit, near a place called the Drainan, in the Hamlet of Bhydgxvern, and from thence to a certain Bridge called L'anvihangle Bridge, through the Parishes of Egkvyfyllan, Rudry,y Verdis,

and the said Hamlet of Rhydgewern, are very narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually improved and kept in repair by the ordinary eourse of Law j and that

it

Faenol

Incfofnre Bill, aynmkted.

Cafileton Courts Baron Petition, reported.

240 6° Mail A. 1805.

it would b<? a convenience to the several neighbourhoods, and of public utility, if the said Roads were made Turnpike and put under the care and management of the said Trustees:—And the Witness being further examined, said, That it would also be convenient to make a new Road from the present Turnpike Road near the weft end of Longland Farm House, in the Parish of Ewenncy, to the Lane leading from Water Tmcn Court House to the Town of Bridgend:—And the Witness added, That the powers and provisions of the said Acts have in many respects been found to be defective and insufficient, and that it would be more convenient to the Trustees of the said Roads, and the fame might be more effectually amended, widened, and improved, if the said Acts were repealed, and further and other powers granted instead thereof, in one Act.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually making, repairing, and improving several Roads in the County of Glamorgan-. And that ^Ir. Morgan, Sir Charles Morgan, and Sir Robert Salusbury, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for inclosing, embanking, draining, and improving certain Lands in the Township of Faenol, in the Parish of Tpicyn, in the County of Merioneth, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Williames Vaughan, Mr. Morgan, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord George Augufius Henry reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Freeholders and Inhabitants in the Hundred of High Peak and Manor of Cafileton, in the County of Derby, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Shaw, being examined, said, That from time immemorial, Plea hath been held every three weeks, or so often as requisite, in all personal Actions arising within the jurisdiction of the two several Courts Baron, of and appertaining to the said Hundred and Manor respectively, where the Debt or Damages have been made under the sum of Forty Shillings:—Then an Act, passed in the 33d year of King George the Second, for regulating the proceedings in personal Actions, in the respective Courts Baron of the Hundred of High Peak and Manor of Cafileton, in the County of Derbi], was read:—And, the Witness said, That under the powers and directions of the said Act, Justice hath, in the most strict and impartial manner, from time to time, been administered in the said several Courts Baron, to the great benefit of the Inhabitants within the jurisdiction of the fame— That the jurisdiction of the said Hundred and Manor is very extensive, and includes a populous and increasing district of the County of Derby—That the Town of Derby, where the superior Courts for the County are holden, is upwards of forty miles distant from the most populous part of the said Hundred and Manor—That on account of the very great expence attending the recovery of Small Debts of the amount of Forty Shillings and upwards, in the superior Courts, by reason of thediftance thereof, many Creditors are discouraged from attempting to recover the Debts due to them, and many evildisposed Persons, who have contracted small Debts within the said Hundred and Manor, are enabled to refuse or delay the payment thereof, to the manifest injury of their lawful Creditors—That it would be of great benefit and advantage to the Inhabitants within the said Hundred and Manor respectively, if the powers and provisions of the aforesaid Act were extended to the recovery of Debts of a larger amount than Forty Shillings, and if the said Act was to be explained and amended, and further powers granted.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, past’ed in the 33d year of his lute Majesty, for regulating the proceedings in personal Actions in the respective Courts Baron of the Hundred of High Peak, and Manor of Cafileton, in the County of Derby, and for extending the powers of the said Courts:

And that Lord George Augufius Henry and

Mr. Mundy do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord George Augufius Henri) Cavendish presented to Alfreton md the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, presented!'’ passed in the 4th and 30th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Alfreton to Mansfield, in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, and other Roads therein mentioned: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Legh Keck presented to the House, according to Leicesterand Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, ^"tatder"rtil and improving the Road from the Borough of presented.’

to the Town of Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester:

And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Legh Keck presented to the House, according to Weiford Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from Weiford Bridge, in the preknt«L County of Northampton, to Milfion Lane, in the Town of Leicester: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Henry Lascelles presented to the House, accord- Barfield

ing to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township of Darfiebl, in the West Riding of the County of York: pree" And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Swallow, in Swallow the County of Lincoln, was read a second time. inctofureBfll,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pelham, tomnutt Mr. Chaplin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lascelles do make the Re- Lwn port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for altering ’

and amending an Act, passed in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, for enabling Charlotta Widow,

to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Hull to Leven Bridge, in the East Riding of the County 1

of York, was committed.

Mr. Henry Lascelles accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the AI- I

legations of the Bill, and found t lie fame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and j

made several Amendments thereunto; which they had

directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of BJidwprtb Blidworth, in the Count}" of Nottingham, was read the ‘ ,

third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Sir Matthew Blo.tam reported from the Committee, to Maidstone whom the Petition of several Trustees for executing the peP°°rn Act thereinafter mentioned, w as referred; That the Com- reporte<f* mittee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report 7 in

N,

45 Geo. IlL

6" Mdii.

in his place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

Vi

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the 20th year of His present Majesty, for the better Government and Regulation of the Poop in the Town and Parish of Maidjionein the County of Kent, was read:—And, Mr. George being examined, fai

That in putting the said Act in execution, the powers thereof have been found in some re fp efts defective and insufficient; and that, in order to render the fame effectual, and to provide the Funds requisite for the maintenance of the Poor of the said Town and Parish, it is necessary that the powers and provisions of the said Act should be altered and amended, and some further powers granted.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter, amend, and enlarge the powers of an Act, passed in the 20th year of His present Majesty, for the better

government and regulation of the Poor in the Town and arish of Maid'/tone, in the County of Kent: And that

Sir Matthew Bloxam and Sir William Geary do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

ion A Petition of several Proprietors of a certain Manufac-tory, called the Herculaneum Pottery, situate in To.vteth LFen* Park, near Liverpool, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for improving the passage between the Town of Liverpool and the County of Chester, at the Rock Ferry, on the River Mersey, and for levying Tolls on Vessels using the fame; and letting forth. That the Petitioners, and those from whom they derive title to the said manufactory and premises, have, for many years last past, had the uninterrupted use and enjoyment of a certain Road which leads from the said Pottery along the strand of the said River to Liverpool, which Road the Proprietors and Occupiers of Land adjoining have, for time immemorial, used and enjoyed; and the said Road is intended, should the said Bill pass into a Law, to be entirely blocked up, which would very much, injure and impede, if not wholly destroy, the use of the said manu-factory and premises; and that the Petitioners are also possessed of at least ten thousand tons of Copper Dross, in and upon the said Premises, which they fell for the purpose of ballasting vessels, and, by blocking up the said Road, the fame would be rendered of little or no value: And therefore praying. That, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, sufficient Clauses may be inserted . therein, for the purpose of effectually securing to them the full, free, and uninterrupted use and enjoyment of the said Road, or, that another Road, equally convenient and as advantageous to the Petitioners, may be substituted; and that they may be heard, by themselves, their coun— fel or agents, against such parts of the said Bill as affect their interests.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their counsel or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think lit

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit connfel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee, have voices.

Jiti, The House being informed, that Mr. BuUei/, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their ordera,

UtoL An Account of the Sums paid into, and the Charges * upon, the Consolidated Fund, between the 5th of January 1004 and the Ath of April 180 a; distinguishing each Quarter: And dfo, pt An Account of the Produce of the Permanent Taxes, andvof the War Taxes, in the Quarter ending 5th April 1805; distinguishing the Permanent Taxes and the War Taxes;—with Duplicates thereof.

And then ho withdrew :—And the Titles were read.

Vql. 6q.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie Upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed, for he Members of the House;

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session:

A Petition of the Freeholder^ of the County of Oxford; Petition front was presented to the House; and read; setting forth,

That the Petitioners have seen; with the deepest coriCem; Petition of that a Petition has been presented to the House by the Cathoiit* Roman Catholics of Ireland, praying that the Laws by which they are at present excluded from being Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ixeland\ and from filling the principal Offices in the executive Government and Civil and Military Administration of Ireland, may be repealed j and the Petitioners humbly tract, that they are not deficient in those feelings of moderation and tolerance, by which an allowance is made for difference of opinion on religious subjects, and by which a protection is afforded to the exercise and practice of those different opinions; but they are at the same time persuaded, that, to grant power and authority to Persons whose religious principles are hostile to the Constitution. of the Country, is neither, required by liberality, nor confident with the distates of found policy or self-preservation; and that the Petitioners are convinced, by the experience of all ages, that the principles of the Roman Catholic Religion are incompatible with both Civil and Religious Liberty; that they are particularly repugnant to the genius and spirit of the Constitution of this United Kingdom, so that it is impossible that Protestants and Roman Catholics should ever agree in administering together the powers of Government, and that such an attempt would be productive of the moil mischievous distractions and weakness in the public Councils of the Kingdom; and that though the petitioning Roman Catholics disclaim some of the mischievous Doctrines of the Church of Rome, yet they still admit that they acknowledge some of the most dangerous ones, amongst which must be reckoned the acknowledgement of the Supremacy of a foreign power in matters of their Religion, which must have a moil important influence on their moral and political conduct; and that the Petitioners cannot but remember, that the partiality of King James the Second for the Roman Catholics, and the influence which he gave them in the Public Councils of the Country, were the sources of all those grievances which imposed upon our Ancestors the necessity of effecting the Resolution in 1688, and of establishing those securities by which a recurrence of those grievances was guarded against and prevented y and the Petitioners are persuaded, that no measure could be devised more disrespectful to that great event, or to the illustrious Characters that were instrumental in effecting it, or more repugnant to the principles established by it, than the attempt to give to the Roman Catholics a power in the Government of this United Kingdom; and wiat the Petitioners cannot but further recollect, that, by the existing Laws, no Roman Catholic can wear the Crown of this United Kingdom, a restriction which the Petitioners conceive to be founded in the soundest policy and wisdom; nor can the Petitioners help thinking, that the fame wisdom and policy requires their exclusion from the other branches of the Legislature; and for this, amongst many other reasons, that nothing seems more incongruous to the Petitioners, than that the King should be obliged to discharge his share of the Government upon Protestant principles, and that his Council should consist of persons devoted to a Church, of principles not only of a different but of a repugnant nature: And therefore praying, That the Laws by which Roman Catholics are at present excluded from being Members of the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great and Ireland, and from filling the principal Offices in the executive Government and Civil and Military Administration of Ireland, may not be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Wand-reading of the Bill for amending an Act, passed in Ireland, Bin *0 amend

3ft ii""1"

242 6° Mail ';' A:\m,

relating to in she 2,9th year of King George the Second, intituled, •omnjkted!’ * -^n Act for amending and making more effectual the " several Laws relating to the First Fruits payable out " of ecclesiastical Benefices in this Kingdom, and for tc the better regulation anti management of the charitable " Bequest of Doctor Hug late Lord Archbishop Vof Armas*}), for augmenting the maintenance of poor .• > " Clergy in this Kingdom;" be no tv read And the

Came being read;—t he said Bill was read a second time.

*-: , ' Befolved, That the Bill be committed.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee . of the whole House.

Befolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Declaration of Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had sir Krancis received a Declaration, in writing, subscribed by Sir todefeldhii Francis Burdetl, Baronet, who is returned a Knight of Election for the Shire 'to serve in this present Parliament for the Middlesex. Coun:y of MiddlesexffhQt he, the said Sir Francis Burdette

did not intend to defend his Election for the said County.

And the said Declaration being 'delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, was read; and is as followeth; viz.

" Whereas, on Wednesday the 13 th day of March " last, a, Petition, subscribed with the names of George " Boulton Maimoaring, Esquire, therein stated to have " been, at the last Election for the County of •» Candidate to represent the said County in this " present Parliament, Sir William Gibbons, Baronet, Sir " William Curtis, Baronet, Henry Thornton, Esquire,

(f Wil iam Melli fh, Esquire, and Samuel Pepys Cockerell,

Esquire, was presented to this House, complaining of

* my Election and Return to serve in this present Parliament as a Knight of the Shire for the County of

of Middlesex; which Petition this House has ordered, to " be taken into consideration upon Tuesday the 7th day " of May instant:

And whereas, on Wednesday the 10th day of April «* last, this House ordered, that the said Petitioners should,

«f upon the 20th day of April last, by themselves or their Agents, deliver to me, or my Agents, Lists of the " Persons intended by the said Petitioners to be objected , " to. who voted for me, giving, in the said Tafts, the several tf Heads of Objection, and diilinguishing the fame against u the Names of the Voters excepted to, and that I * lhou’d, by myself or my Agents, at the famfe time deliver like Tafts on my part to the said Petitioners or their Agents:

" And whereas, it appears, upon the face of the *t Sheriff’s Poll, taken at the said Election, that at the " said Election 2833 persons voted for me, and 2832 for " the said George Boulton Mainwaring, amounting in the whole to 5665 persons actually polled; and that " 103 persons tendered their Votes for me, and 99 for the " frid George Boulton Mmaking 202 tendered

? t otes; in the whole 5867 Votes polled and tendered:

" And whereas, between the said 13th day of March " daft, when the said Petition was presented to this w House, and the 20th day of April last, on which day

* this House ordered the said Lifts to be exchanged,

" there was not fuftitient time for me, by myself, or by " my Agents, to examine into the rights of 5867 Voters,

«* so as to enable me to make out, with sufficient cer-" tainty, a List of the objectionable Voters received on <* the Poll for the said George Boulton Maimoaring, with " the several Heads of Ob jection, in the manner ordered " by this House; and therefore no such Lift, nor any '«* Lift, has been made out or delivered by me to the said " Petitioners or their Agents:

" And whereas the said Petitioners have delivered to " me a Lilt of the persons who voted for me, object-" ed to by them, with the several heads of objection,

" amounting to 1944 persons; but between the 20th " day of April last, the day on which, pursuant to the " above-mentioned order of the House, they delivered the said Lilt to me, and the 7th day of May instant, an interval of only sixteen days, on which day the said Petition is ordered to be taken into consideration, there

" is not sufficient time to examine into, and ascertain,

" the rights and titles of 1944 persons therein objected to,

" so as to enable me to maintain and defend the fame:

" Now, by’vfrtue of the provisions and enactments " contained in the second section of a certain Act of " Parliament, passed in the twenty-eighth year' of the " reigrt of His present Majesty, chapter 52.. intituled,

‘ An Act for the further regulation of the trials ofcon-" troverted Elections, or Returns of Members*to serve in " Parliament,’ I do inform this House, by this my De-" claration, in writing, subscribed by me, and delivered " in at the Table of this House, that it is not my inten-" tion to defend my said Election or Return. Witness " my hand this 1 ft day of May 1805.

" Francis Burdctt."

■ The House Was moved. That an Act, made in the consideration 28th year of His present Majesty, for the farther regula- of-Pemionof tion of the Trials of controverted Elections or Returns deferred!"5’ of Members to serve in Parliament, might be read And the fame was read. ’

• The House was also moved. That the Order, made upon the 10th day of April last, for taking into consideration, Tommorrow, the Petition of George Boulton Main-ivaring, Esquire, Sir William Gibbons, Baronet, Sir William Curtis, Baronet, Hr urn Tioruton, Esquire, life, Esquire, and Samuel Pepys Cockerell, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election for the said County, might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration, upon Friday the 7th day of June next, at three of the clock in the Afternoon. "

Memorandum :'

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Ordere for their attendance accordingly.

The House was moved, That the entry in the Votes Motion of the House, of the 25th day of April last, of His Ma- * K^g sns jesty’s most gracious Answer to the Resolutions - of the Answer, &«. House, of the 8th day of April last, respecting the mat- Wlthdra",a' ters contained in the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, might be read:—And the fame being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed.

That His Majesty’s said most gracious Answer; be now taken into consideration.

And the said Motion was, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Bill to reading of the Bill to appoint Commissioners to enquire and examine into the Public Expenditure, and the con- enquire into dust of Public Business, in the Departments therein ,hePujj, ur( mentioned, and to report suchobservationsasshall occur to committed. ’ them, for correcting or preventing any Abuses and Irregularities, and for the better eondufting and managing the business of the said Departments, be now read:—-And the fame being read;—the said Bill was read a second time.

Befolved, That the Rill be committed.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Befolved, That this House wiil, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second jwi reading of the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, ^y^com-an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, mififonm intituled, "An Act for appointing Commissioners to en- co^’ned. " quire and examine into any irregularities, frauds, or

" abuses, which are or have been praftil’ed, by persons " employed in the several Naval Departments therein " mentioned, and in the business of Prize Agency; and

to report such observatiops as shall occur to them, for " preventing such irregularities, frauds, and abuses; and for the better eondufting and managing the business of " the said Departments, and of Prize Agency, inYuture,"

13 be

45 Geo. lit*

■(? Mail.

243

'urates

1'ukuce

be fio\^ read:—And the fame being rCad —the said Bill read a second time.

Refilved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole H on lb.

Refilved, That this House will; upon Friday next, rofolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the day being rend, for the Feeond reading of the Bill for encouraging the Residence of Stipen-Blil: . diary Curates on their Cures; ' '

nmltte ’ A Motion Was made, and the Question being propolbdj That the said Bill be now read a feeond time •,

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Quefr; tion, by leaving o’lit the word " now1," iq order to add, gt the end of the Question, the words " apon this day mrthight, the 20th day of this instant May.5*1 •'

And . the Q uell ion being proposed, That tljie Word «■ now stand purt of the Questlon ’ ' •/ ' '

; The said proposed Amendment was, with leave Of the Hotrfe, withdrawn.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a feeond time. ‘ The laid Bill was accordingly read a second time.

• Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refilved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the' whole Hditfe::

Ref lived. That this House will, Tommorrow, nefolve ' itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. '

• * ' * . _ i > *• , , , ,

Wand— Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Bin for reading of the Bill for the more easy obtaining partition k"d'"nof of Lands subject to ascertained Rights of Coipmoh in matted. Ireland, be now read:—And the fame being read;—the fhid Bill'was read a second timb. '

Refilved, That the Bill be committed.

: Refitted, That she Bill !be committed to a COnriipittee 6f thb whole House. '

; 'Refitted, That this House wrifl, Tommorrow, refofvC itself into a Committee of the whole House:, uponthC, Ibid Bill.

J;

Bit! for pplying aces in reland th Water,' mmitted.

' A Bill for making more effectual provision for the fiip-plying of Cities and Market Towns in Ireland, with water, was, according to Order, read a second time Refilved, That the Bill be committed.

Refilved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House,

Refilved, That this House will, upon this day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

•port Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the

Pp'y- Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred toconsider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz. solidat«d Refilved, That it is t he Opinion of this Conunittee. That a sum, not exceeding Three millions forty-nine thoitfand four hundred and eighty-eight pounds fifteen Shillings and three pence farthing, be granted to;His Majesty, to complete the sum of Five millions, granted out, of the loonies that tliould arise from the surplus of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, for the service of the year 1804.

Refilved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding One million six hundred thousand pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Volunteer Corps in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the 2 5th day of December 1804 1° the 24th day of December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 days.

Army. Refilved, That it is the Opinionof this Committee, That

a sum, not exceeding Six hundred and sixty thousand eijjdit hundred and three pounds fifteen shillings and three

wd.

pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Exf traordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid from the 25th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament. -

Refilved, That it is the Opinionof this Committee; That a sum, not exceeding Three millions, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Extraordinary Services of the Army in Great Britain, for the year 1805.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account •? Account of all Corn,. Grain, and Flour, imported, into the Port of London, or any other Port m England and ordered. Wales, from Scotland, fmee the 1 ft. of October Igft, tq the latest period to which the fame can be made up.

Wlr. Alexander, according tb Order, reported from the Ireland— Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Ammuiee raising the sum of One million five hundred thoitfand reported, pounds, by way of Annuities, for the service of Ireland, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time; rone , by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Ireland— Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ex- Silver Token* tend the provisions of an Act, made in the laftSefilon- of Parliament, for preventing the counterfeiting of certain Silver Coin issued by the Banks of England and Ireland respectively, to Silver Coin which may be issued by the GovernOf and Company of the Bank of Ireland, called Tokens, and to promote the circulation of the said Tokens, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in- at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Committee at solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Supply, fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Charges on the Account of Civil List Revenues for Arrears to the 5th of January Charges ok 1804, and for the Quarters ending the 5th of April and

5 th of July 1804, as appears by the Estimates laid before Parliament in the last Session, and the actual Payments which have been made to discharge the fame; ft lowing the excess or diminution of the Charges p’aitj, compared with the said Estimates, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Spdaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

M r. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Refotoed, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,-

, Committed appointed to prepare Estimatei:

Militia.

Allowances to Militia Officers.

Adjutants,

kc.

of Militia.

Irish Militia.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Bill for regulating the Office of paymaster General, deferred.

Bejwrt on

respecting £Ute.

244

6*—7" Mail.

A. 1805.

House, to consider farther of the Supply granted to His Majesty:

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Great Britain, for the year 1805:

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Secretary at V ar, Mr. lhijkiffbn, kc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to prepare an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Great in time of Peace:

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. HuJkiJJon, kc.: And they are to meet To-

morrow Morning, at nine of the dock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to prepare an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to be made to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of t he Militia of England disembodied, in pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer prefenbed to the Actoum^ House, by His Majesty’s Command, prtfemtt;

An Account of the fnm that will be wanted to make oscwiof good the deficiency of the vote in the last Session of Par- Lor<it 4n<i 1 lament, for the Officers of tire Houses of Lords and Com- Coalmo,1,• mons, and Serjeants at Arms, in the year 1804: And also,

An Estimate of the fnm that will be wanted to pay the salaries and allowances to the Officers of the Houses of I/>rds and Commons, and Serjeants at Arms, for the year 1805: And also.

An Account of the sum that will be wanted to make Prints,1* good the deficiency of the sum granted for defraying the charge of Printing and Stationary for the two Houses of Parliament, for the year 1804: And also,

An Account of the sum wauted to complete the ex- Printing * pence incurred for printing 17 50 Copies of the 57th vo- lounijls-imne of the Journals of the House of Commons: Aud also.

An Account of the expence incurred in the last Sef- ir-fion of Parliament, for printing the Papers respecting the Marhatta Wrar, and the Returns relating to the Mainte- w«r, itc. nance of the Poor: And also,

An Estimate of the sum that may be wanted to defray d«-And aCommitee was appointed, of Mr. Secretary at the expence of printing Journals of the House of Com-War, Mr. HuJkiJJon, &c.: And they are to meet To- mons; for printing and delivering the Votes; and for

morrow Morning, at nine of the cloc k, in the Speaker’s printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by order of the

Chamber.

And

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland, and of the Expence of Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the said Militia in time of peace, for the year i8of,:

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. HuJkiJJon, kc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

D*.

b

House, during the present Session of Parliament also.

An Estimate of the expence that may be incurred for Re-printing re-printing, in the proportion of Eight Volumes a year, of the Journals, Indexes, avid Reports of the House of Commons, agreeable to the Resolutions of the Committee of the House in the Session 1802-3, for the present year:

And also.

An Account of th.e sum that will be wanted to defray Court Honft, the expence of the purchase of ground and buildings in w*®®*"' and near Saint Margaret'street Westminster, forthepur-pose of erecting a Court House for holding of Sessions of

fotre itfeir into a Committee of the whole House. to com ‘'f , Pe"f *» ,he of T. ■.and for

Means

An Estimate of the sum tha, may be want*, towm* eg*, defraying the expence of making an Inland Navigation The Order of the day being read, for the second read- from the Eastern to the Western Sea, by Imemefs and ing of the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the 23d year of. Fort William, for the year 1805: And also.

His present Majesty, for the better regulation of the An Estimate of the sum that may be wanted towards R«*»4 Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, repairing Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scot- in and the more regular payment of the Army; and for the land, for the^year 1805. more effectually regulating the said Office; * "J * ‘

1

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-

1-3

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second Tommorrow.

tuna

Jppendis,

(No. 54)

Pap«* ordered:

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

The said Papers are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a to consider of so much of an Act, made 34 Geo. III. for Copy of the Patent by which the present Commissioners T|tafiiryi granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on of the Treasury in Ireland have been appointed; together ot'ii*Uad Slate, Stone, and Marble, as exempts Slate, the value with an Account of the salaries payable to them respectwhereof Avail not exceed twenty findings per ton, from the tively, and Copies of the Warrants, or Authority, for Duty thereby granted; the Resolution, which the Com- paying the fame.

mittee had directed him to report to the House; which Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an he read in his place, and afterwards delivered in at the Account of all Public Revenue, which has arisen to the Dependent Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as fol- United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland from the loweth; viz. Territorial Dependencies thereof, since the ill day of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That January 1801, as fur as the fame can be ascertained.

it is expedient, that so much of an Act, made in the 34th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for <« granting to His Majesty certain Duties of Customs on " Slate, Stone, and Marble," as exempts Slate, the value whereof shall not exceed twenty flvillings per ton, from the duty thereby granted, should be repealed.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Sturges Bourne, and Mr. , do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till To-morro>* Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 7° die Mali;

Anno 45* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1805.

Prayers,

MR. Dvgdale presented to the House, according to R'^1 Order, a Bill for building a Chapel in the Hamlet of Redditch, in the Parish of Ta in the Counties

of

45 Geo. III.

1° Mali.

of Worcester and Warwick: And the fame was received;

and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

,i jnnc- Mr. Praed reported from the Committee, to whom the Oinal Bill for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers of !"nys certain Acts, for making and maintaining the Grand icd. Junction Canal, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Bands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, near or adjoining to the Grand Junction Canal and Collateral Cuts belonging thereto, and of several other Persons engaged and interested in the navigation of the fame Canal and Collateral Cuts, was referred; That the Committee had heard connfel in support of the said Petition, and had a!so heard counsel in favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill/ and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bdl, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

I to amend Mr. Baker, of Hertfordshire, presented to the House,

ei’oor according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the qth year of King George the First, for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the Poor: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Thursday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

'rtntry Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wnc' the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Coventry, in the room of Francis William Barlow, Esquire, deceased.

omumptioa Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve Kte-in jtself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider »heiC of encouraging the Consumption of Beer in the Cities of niidered. Dublin, Cork, Waterford, and Limerick; and of making compensation to the Collectors of Excise for their Losses by the Duties on Licences for retailingSpirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, being placed under the management of the Commi limners of Stamps in

thud— Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to o!di°n re *ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon :ii. the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 32d year of His present Majesty, and for more effectually improving and keeping in repair the Poll Roads in Ireland, and for rendering the conveyance of Letters by His Majesty’s Poll Office more secure and expeditious, be now read :—And the fame being read ;— the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

■toT Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into irtory further consideration the Report from the Committee of B:i, the whole House, to whom the Bill for rest raining the Itred. nen°ciation of certain Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange in Ireland, was committed, be now read:— And the same being read; the House proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration:—And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Vol. 60.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Iceland— reading of the ingrossed Bill for raising the sum of One Al^1(tIts million five hundred thousand pounds, by way of Annin- passed, ties, for the service of Ireland, be now read :—And the fame being read; the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act for raising the sum of One million five hundred thousand pounds, by way of Annuities, for the service of Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into Ireland-further consideration the Report from the Committee of sif^Yoken® the whole House, to whom the Bill to extend the pro- mu, visions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, further for preventing the counterfeiting of certain Silver Coin con 1 ere issued by the Banks of England and Irrespectively, to Silver Coin which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, called Tokens, and to promote the circulation of the said Tokens, was committed, be now read :—And the fame being read; the

House proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration-And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were inadf, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Bin for reading of the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the 23d year of His present Majesty, for the better regulation of the paYmaster° Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, u.neral, and the more regular payment of the Army; and for the commmed-more efi’eftually regulating the (hid Office, be now read:

—And the fame being read;—the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Parliament irWh of Ireland in the 3',th year of His present Majesty, for Ele&lon Bill, regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parlia- eomroitte ment, so far as relates to Freeholds under the yearly value of twenty pounds, and for making further and other regulations relating thereto, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to’ BUI to amend amend the Laws relative to the making and repairing of the L:,ws Roads in Ireland, by the Presentments of Grand Juries: r^Is^r0 And that Mr. George Ponsonby, Sir John Newport, and ' Ireland,

Mr. Ja?nes Fitzgerald, do prepare, and bring in, the ordered-fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Stratford and Mr. The Lord* Ilarvey: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ardroflim for erecting and maintaining a Harbour, Docks, and Harbour Bill.

3 & other

246

7° Ma

J>!

m.

Stilron inclosure Bill.

The Lords

have passed

Arundel Eltete Bill.

other w orks, at Ardrofl'un, in the County of Ayr; without any Amendment: And all'o,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of , in the County of Huntingdon; w ithout any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting a Farm and Hereditaments in the Parish of Pet-worth in the County of Sit flex, and in the Parish of Ealing in the County of Southampton (parcel of the Estates entailed with the Castle and Manor of by the Act of Parliament made in the 3d year of the reign of King Charles the First) in Trullees, upon trust, to fell, and for laying out the Monies in the purchase of a more convenient Kit ate; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Petition for A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Freemen, and inTondon'0" Commonalty, of the Mystery of Vintners of the City of Docks Bill, London, under their common seal, being offered to be presented to the I louse;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; * taking notice of the Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the 40th year of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater accommodation and security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for extending the powers and provisions of the said Act j and setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend they may' fufter loss or damage by reason of the works mentioned in the said Act, and submit that they are entitled to compensation in respect thereof: And therefore praying, That provision may be made in the said Bill for that purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John William Anderson, Mr, Chancellor of the Exchequer, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

ration of the Trinity House of Deptford Strand, in their lighters, out of Vessels entering the Port of London; in each year, for the lait thirty" years, whether such Vessels w ere partly laden, or in ballast.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the quantity of Ballast taken from the bottom of the River Thames by" the Corporation of jlie Trinity House of Deptford Strond, in each year, during the Jail thirty yrears.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an Account of the quantity of all the Ballast which has been flapped from the several Wharfs on the River Thames, within the jurisdiction of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, for the last thirty years; particularizing the quantity" flapped in each yrear, and for which the said Corporation received one penny" per ton, and diliinguishing the kind or quality' of the Ballast to shipped.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, a Copy Chartert, of the Grant or Charter of his late Majesty King Charles Trinity the Second to the Corporation of the Trinity House of °uk‘ Deptford Strond, dated the 24 th day" of June, in the 17 th year of his reign.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, a Copy of the Grant or Charter of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth to the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, dated the 1 ith day of June, in the 36th year of her reign.

Mr. Dickin/hn, junior, presented to the House, pur- letters ftm suant to their Order,

Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of His Ma- printed, jesty’s Navy to William Marfden, Esquire, Secretary' to -the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, dated the 4th May 1805: And also.

Copy of a Letter from the Commissioners of the Navy to William Marfden, Esquire, Secretary to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, dated the 4th May 1805, inclosing an Account of the Expences of His Majesty’s Ship Romney, between the 25th November 1800 and the 2d June 1803.

And the Titles w’ere read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table. / Ordered, That the said Papers be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

C

it

an

11;

al

et

r<

ik

ik

(11

B

Petition from' A Petition of the there-undersigned principal Officers NerVya^rra’ Commissioners of His Majesty’s Navy, was presented

MrTuckw’s, to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Peti-fetition. tioners have learnt from the Votes, that Benjamin Tucker, Esquire, late a Commissioner of His Majesty’s Navy, did, on the 25th of April, present a Petition to the House, praying that a Copy of his Letter to the Secretary of the Admiralty, of the 24th of April, might be called for; and which Letter has been since laid before the House, and printed; and that the Petitioners deeming Mr. Tucker’s Petition and Letter of a most libellous and llanderous nature against them, they have felt themselves bound to address the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty in vindication of their honour and the proceedings, of their Board: And, being anxious to remove any impression which may" have been made in Parliament to their dif-advantage by Mr. Tucker's Letter and Petition, they pray", That the House will he pleased to give directions that a Copy of the Petitioners two Letters to the Secretary of the Admiralty of the 4th instant may be laid before the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Lfttfrs from Navy Board to Admiralty, ordered.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Navy Board’s two Letters, dated 4th May", to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, on the subject of a Ixrtter from Benjamin Tucker, Esquire, to the Admiralty, dated 24th April 1805, now before this House.

Accounts, &c. ordered:

Ballad.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an Account of the quantity of Ballast taken by the Corpo-

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. Motion for* That there be laid before this House, an Account shewing 0 j the number of Line of Battle Ships and Frigates, of each launched, V rate, launched between ill January 1783 and 31ft De- Wltlldrawn* cj cember 1792; distinguishing those launched in the j

Merchants Yards, from those launched in the King’s u

Yards.

And the said Motion was, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee0# resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon R^tr"e the Bill for encouraging the Residence of Stipendiary Bill. Curates on their Cures, be now read:—And the fame being read; the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Nicholas Vansittart accordingly reported from rented-the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

45 Geo. III. 7°—8°

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill; nltted. Rdoited. That the said Bill be re-connnitted.

° Resolved, That the said Bill be re-comnhtted to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tommorrow fe-vennight, the 15th day of this infhmt May, resolve itself into aConnnittec of the whole House, to consider further of the said-Bill.

Muted. Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended by the " former Committee, be printed, for the Members of the

House.

oinmittccon The House, according to Order, resolved itself into

■-committed a Committee of the whole I louse, to consider further of toils Bill. to repeal certain parts of an Act, made in the

4pi year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution oil the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, and to consolidate ami render more effectual the provisions for collecting the said Duties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Choir of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had dire died him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday-next.

Resort Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Supply* Committee of the whole House, to whom it. was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and aftenvaMs delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

Civil List. Refobed, Ifni it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

a sum not exceeding Ten thousand four hundred fifty-eight pounds one ffiilling and sixpence three farthings be granted to His Majesty, to make good the deficiency of ' the sum granted in the last Session of Parliament for dif-

charging the arrears and debts due and owing upon the Civil List on the 5th day of July 1804.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Questkm put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the day being read; i-rjand— Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve mition of *nto a Committee of the whole I louse, upon the

Lmd, Bill for the more easy obtaining Partition of Lands Ltvrrej. fiffiject to ascertained Rights of Common in Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 8° die Man;

*• . Anno 45* Georgii IIP1* Regis, i 805. Prayers.

A N ingrafted Bill for inclosing the Commons called r MOTon '^le Perthyand Neio Mart on , in the Parish

otoe Bill, of Ellesmere, in the County of Sabo, was read the third time.

Refobed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing the Commons called The and

Riexo Marton Common, in the Parish of in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

!ick- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Bin, naturalizing Schweickherf Schiceickhcrt, was read a fe-tttd. cond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin, Vol 60.

Mali. 247

Mr. Stanley, &c.: Ami they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Egerson presented to the House, according to CrofsforJ

Order, a Bill for continuing the term, and alterin' and enlarging the powers of an Act, passed in the 36th year pietuued,’ of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Crofsford Bridge, in the County Palatine of caster, to Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester:

And the fame was received; and read the tirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of thp Grand Jury, assembled at the General Petition Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County Palatine of Scaster

Lancaster, the ill day of May 1805, was presented to justices Bill, the House, and road; taking notice of the Bill to empower the Justices of the Peace within the Division or Hundred of Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to raise a salary to be paid to the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions for the said Hundred: And praying,

That the fame may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table;

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Petitiow Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, was pre- Roc^Fcny fented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill Bill, for improving the pallhge between the Town of Liverpool and the County of Chester, at the Rock Ferry, on the River Mcrfaj, and for levying tolls on Vessels using the fame; and setting forth, That the fame contains several clauses and provisions injurious to the navigation of the said River, and which greatly affi-ft the interests of the Public in general, and the Town of Liverpool in particular: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their counsel or agents, against such parts of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their counsel or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instructkm to the said Committee, that they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Manning reported from the Committee, to whom London Dock the Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the 40th Company's year of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Committed. Basons, Cuts, and other Works, fix- the greater accommodation and security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the tort of London, and for extending the powers and provisions of the said Act, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Joseph Darton, of Temple

DinJleij, in the County of Hertford, Esquire, was referred;

That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Refobed, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the fame was committed.

A Bill to empower the Justices of the Peace within lancaster the Division or Hundred of Salford, in the County Pala-tine of Lancaster, to raise a salary to be paid to the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions for the said Hundred, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Stanley,

Mr. Blackbitrne of Lancashire, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accounts Account of the number of bushels of Malt made from re,/j’e1<ftinff

t> 1 Malt,

Barley »r0eic4.

248

S°Jlari.

A. 1805.

Harley in Scotland, with the amount of Duty charged thereon, from 5th July 1803 to 5th July 1S04; and also from 5th July 1804 to 5th April 1805.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the number of buthels of Malt made from Bigg and Beer in Scotland, with the amount of Duty charged thereon, from 5th July 1803 to 5th July 1804; and also from 5th July 1804 to 5th April 1805.

Accounts of Sums issued for Criminal Pro fecutions in Ireland, presented.

Appendix,

(No. 48.)

The House being informed, that Mr. Johnson, from the Office of the Chief Secretary for Ireland, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Accounts of the Expenditure of the several sums issued from the Treasury of Ireland, by direction of Government, for Criminal Prosecutions, in the years 1801, 1802, 1803, and 1804, respectively; with a Schedule.

And then he withdrew; and the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

beneficial than it formerly was:—And, that it would greatly tend to the improvement and encouragement of Trade and Commerce in the said City, and parishes and places, and to the necessary support and protection of useful Credit within the same, if the power’s and provisions of the said recited Act were enlarged, for the more speedy recovery of Debts of greater amount, and the fame were extended to the Parish of Walcot, and to the several other parishes and places in the Hundreds and Liberties aforesaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more speedy and easy recovery of finall Debts in the City of Bath, and the liberties thereof, the Parish of Walcot, and the several parishes and places in the Hundreds of Bathforum and I Vellore, and the liberties of

Hampton and Claverton, and and Amoril/, in the County of Somerset: And that Lord John and

Mr. Palmer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

IrU

(r I

tn

F-*

relating to First Fruits.

Ireland— Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Biirtoaraend re 've itself into a Committee of the whple House, upon the Laws the Bill for amending an Act, passed in Ireland, in the 29th year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending and making more effectual the fe-" veral Laws relating to the First Fruits, payable out of " Ecclesiastical Benefices in this Kingdom; and for the " better regulation and management of the charitable " Bequest of Doctor Hugh Boulter, late Lord Archbishop " of Armagh, for augmenting the maintenance of poor " Clergy in this Kingdom," be now read:—And the fame being read; the House resolved itl'elf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Bath, &c. Small Debts Petition, reported.

Lord John Thynne reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Inhabitants of the City of Bath, the Parish of Wtalcot, and of the several Parishes and Places in the Hundreds of Bathforum and Wellozc, and the Liberties of Hampton, Claverton, Easton and Amorill, in the County of Somerset, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

viz

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 6th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more easy and " speedy recovery of Small Debts within the City of Bath " and the Liberties and Precincts thereof," was read:— And, a Member present informed the Committee, That the City of Bath is much connected in trade and business with the Parish of Walcot and the several parishes and places in the Hundreds of Bathforum and Welloio, and the Liberties of Hampton and Claverton, and Easton and Amorill, in the County of Somerset:—That the Inhabitants of the said City and other places have of late years very much increased in number, and during that part of the year called the Bath season, there is always a very great addition of persons, who resort thereto, from all parts of the Kingdom :—That a very considerable part of the trade and business in the said City and precincts, is, from its nature, unavoidably transacted on Credit, and from the great alteration in the price of all the neeeflaries of life, the said recited Act is now become much lets

A Petition of the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars, of Petition fro* the University of Oxford, was presented to the House, Oxford and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have seen, rt^'ing’the by the Votes of the House, that a Petition from certain Petit on of Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, Roman Catholics of Ireland, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf Ireland, of themselves and others His Majesty’s subjects pro-fefling the Roman Catholic Religion, hath some time since been presented to the House, complaining of divers restraints and incapacities to which, notwithstanding the various indulgences heretofore granted them from time to time, they arc frill subject by the several statutes now in force against them; and praying that they may be effectually relieved from the operation of the said statutes, as being now no longer necessary to be retained; And, that the Petitioners contemplate, with much concern and anxiety, the alarming extent of the . prayer of the said Petition, and the consequences which, in their apprehensions, must inevitably follow, if the fame should be complied with; and that the Petitioners, notwithstanding the allegations contained in the above-mentioned Petition, do verily believe, that, by the wisdom and liberality of the Legislature, every safe and practical indulgence hath already been extended to their Roman Catholic fellow subjects in Ireland, and that the restraints and incapacities to which, by the statutes now in force, they are Hill subject, and of which they now complain, are no other nor greater than are indispensably requisite to the maintenance and security of the Protestant Government and Protestant Church, as they are happily by law established in that part of the United Kingdom; and that the Petitioners fee also much reason to apprehend, that a compliance with the prayer of the above-mentioned Petition would lead, and, they fear, determined by direct and necessary consequence, to the removal of every similar restraint now subsisting within this Realm of England, and to the abrogation of those oaths, declarations, and tests, which are by Law required of every person admitted to fit or vote in either House of Parliament, or to exercise offices of trust and power; all which, they are thoroughly persuaded, are still essentially necessary to the permanence and security both of our Civil and Religious Establishments: And therefore praying. That the House, in its wisdom, would be pleased still to maintain and preserve inviolate those Law's, which they sincerely believe to be the best safeguards, under Divine Providence, of our present happy Constitution both in Church and State.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

LXr:.!

An ingrossed Bill to continue and amend two Acts, Hinckley and

passed in the 2d and 24th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cafde Street, at the end of * paired, the Town of Hinckley, to Lutterworth Town’s-end, and from the Guide Post at Walcot Town’s-end, in the County of Leicester, to the eighty milestone in JVelford Field, in the County of Northampton, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to continue and amend two Acts, passed in the 2d and 24th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Castle Street, at the end of the Town of

Hinckley,

45 Geo. III. 8° Mail

249

Hindl'n),to Lutterworth Town’s-end, and from the Guide Post at Walcot Town’s-end, in the County of to

the eighty milestone in Welford Field, in the County of

Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Ixgh Keck do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Lee presented to the House, according to Order, iii Debt* a Bill for the more expeditious recovery of finall Debts in \:l> . Ireland: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a iecond time Tommorrow.

tidon of A Petition of Sir William Bau lins, Knight, and Bobert :ine Aeriff Albion Cor, Esquire, was presented to the House, and kltleased. rea^ > setting forth. That the Petitioners were Sheriff and Returning Officer for Members to serve in Parliament for the County of Middlesexin the year 1802, wherein, owing to unfortunate advice, they were unhappy enough, in the exercise of that arduous office, so improperly to condu6t themselves, as to draw down upon them the dif-pleasure of the House, and were, in conf luence, committed on the 1 ith of lad March to His Majesty’s Gaol of Newgate: And, that the Petitioners beg leave to express themost sincere sorrow for their offence, humbly acknowledge the justice of the House, and hope, as their further confinement will be prejudicial to their health, and injurious to their private concerns, that the House will graeiously be pleased to order them to be released.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

■rfolt Mr. St. Andrew St. John presented to the House, ac-K.j re Bill, cording to Order, a Pill for inclolitig Lands in the Parish of Everfholt, in the County of B 'ford: And the fame

was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ciftieton Lord George AugufusHenri) presented to

:<wits Baron the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and wciiiusd. amend an Act, paflied in the 33d year of his late Majesty, for regulating the proceedings in personal Actions in the respective Courts Baron of the hundred of High Peak, and manor of Cafleton, in the County of Derby, and for extending the powers of the said Courts: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mverton Ordered, That Mr. Carhvright do make the Report KlH’ Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing

1' Lands in the Parish of Milverton, in the County of Warwick, was committed.

Mr. Carhvright. accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Qncliion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

’nr.ci—

Koi.ds

‘ltd.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 32<1 year of His present Majesty, and for more effectually improving, and keeping in repair, the Post Roads in Ireland, and for rendering the conveyance of Letters by His Majesty’s Post Office more secure and expeditious, "as committed; the Amendments which the Committee v OL. ho.

had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to' report to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroi'ed.

Orderei, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Ireland— readier; of the ingrafted Bill for restraining the negociation of certain Promiftbry Notes and Inland Bills of passed. Exchange in Ireland, be now read:—And the fame being read ;—the said Bill was read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for restraining the negociation of certain Promissory Notes and Inland Bilb of Exchange in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Tokens reading of the ingrafted Bill to extend the provisions of Bill, an Act, made in the Iaft Session of Parliament, for pre- passed, venting the counterfeiting of certain Silver Coin issued by the Banks of England and Ireland respectively, to Silver Coin which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, called Tokens, and to promote the circulation of the said Tokens, be now read :—

And the same being read;—the said Bill was read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to extend the provisions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for preventing the counterfeiting of certain Silver Coin issued by the Banks of England and Ireland respectively, to Silver Pieces which may be issued determined by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, called Tokens, and to promote the circulation of the said Tokens.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to th©

Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee 04 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ^f°g^Lloa consider of encouraging the Consumption of Beer in the Dublin, &c, Cities of Dublin, Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, and of making compensation to the Collectors of Excise for their Losses by the duties on licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, being placed under the management of the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland, be now read :—And the fame being read $— the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee of resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to Ways and consider further of Ways and Means lor raising the Sup- Me*ns> ply granted to His Majesty, be now read :—And the fame being read;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refiuned the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-3 S solve

Wine Dutie* Bill, presented.

Slate Duty Bill, presented.

Spanirti Wine Duties Bill, preleuted.

Committee on Land Tax Commissioners Bill.

Isle of Man Trade Bill, deferred.

Thames Lall age and BaBaitage Bill,

transmitt^d to a Sclent Committee.

250

8° Mail

A. 1805.

solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Hnfkiffon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making perpetual certain additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported into Great granted by two Acts, passed in the 43d and 44th years of His present Majesty: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Jtefolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Mr. Hufkifon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 34th year of His present Majesty, as exempts Slate, the value whereof shall not exceed twenty shillings per ton, brought coastwise within Great Britain, from the Duty thereby granted: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a feoorid time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Mr. ljajliifjbnpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for charging the like Duties, and allowing the like Drawbacks of Customs, on Red Wine

imported into and exported from Great Britain, as are now charged and allowed on French Wine imported and exported: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time*upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting into execution an Art of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offi res, and Persona! Estates, in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1805; and an Act, made in the 38th year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the fevice of the year 1798, be now read :—And the lame being read ;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker rofumed the Chair.

Mr. A texaiuler reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill lor regulating and encouraging the Trade, for the Improvement of the Revenue, and prevention of Smuggling to and from the Ijl;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 26th day of April last, for tire House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon Monday next, upon the B.ll to repeal two Acts, passed in the 6th and 32d years of his late Majesty, for the regulation of Laflagcand Ballastage in the River 77 and to make more effectual regulations relating thereto, might be read: —And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be transmitted toaSeleft Committee:

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Rose, Sir Robert Prefen, kc.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his w arrant, to the Galway writ Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to make out a ne\V Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of in the room

of the Right honourable Richard Trench, commonly called Lord Viscount Dunfo, now Earl of a Peer of the United Kingdom.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Strafford and Mr. ThtLorii > Harm,: hatv0ea

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Scotland— for confirming the Charter; and enlarging the powers of the Incorporation of the Officers of Excise in Scotland; incorpTratioa without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for-The Lot* settling and securing certain parts and portions of the l"*ep*fle4 Lands and Barony of Gorthy, and others lying in the Graham’s County of Perth, to and in favour of Thomas Graham, stateM* Esquire, of Balgocan, and a certain series of heirs in fee tail, and in Hen thereof, for veiling the Lands of and others lying in the County of Perth aloe ffiid, in the said Thomas Graham, his heirs and assigns, in fee Ample; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Amn<iei veiling a Farm and Hereditaments in the Parish of Pet- Euate Bill, worth in the County of Sn/Ter, and in the Parish of read‘

in the County of Southampton (parcel of the Estates entailed with the Castle and Manor of Arundel by the Act of Parliament made in the 3d year of the reign of King Charles the First) in Trustees, upon trull, to fell, and for laying out the Monies in the purchase of a more convenient Estate, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to take into Committee consideration the Account between the Public and the appointed on East India Company: c£»J£",

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Secretary at Account. War, Mr. Grant, Mr. Bathnrfl, Mr. Baker of Hertford-shire, Sir Hugh Ing'is, the Lord Mr. Ixing, Mr.

Francis, Lord Viscount Ca/llcreag’i, Sir Francis,

Mr. Johvstone, Sir Robert John Buxton, Mr. Mr.

Hufkifon, Mr. Shaw Lefevre:And they are to meet

Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speakers Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the several Papers presented to this House, relating to the Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships the Romney and Sensible, while under the command of Sir Home Popham, be referred to a Select Committee;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the end thereof, these words, " to " examine into the several matters contained therein, re-" lative to the said Repairs,; and to the proceedings of " the Admiralty and Navy Boards, and of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry thereupon , and also to en-" quire into the circumstances attending the publication " of the Report of the Navy Board, dated 20th February of 1804; and into the loss of certain Vouchers and Do-* cuments on which that Report was framed; and also " into the circumstances attending the inipressing of Mr. " David Ewen Bartholomew and to report the fame,

" together with their observations thereupon, to the

" House." And the there added

Select Committee appointed oo Papers relating to Sir Home Popham.

Question being put, That those words be :—It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That the several Papers presented to this House, relating to the Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships the Romney and Sensible, while under the command of Sir

45 Geo. III.

8°—9° Mail

251

fr’VpIr,

&e;red.

Hind-33i for Partition of Lands, idxnd.

Home Popham, be referred to a Select Committee, to examine into the several matters contained therein relative to the said Repairs, and to the Proceedings of the Admiralty and Navy Boards, and of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry thereupon; and all'o to enquire into the circumstances attending the publication of the Report of the Naty Board, dated 20th February 1804; and into the loss of certain Vouchers and Documents on which that Report was framed; and also into the circumstances attending the impressing of Mr. David Ewen Bartholomeio; and to report the fame, together with their observations thereupon, to the House.

Befolved, That the number of the said Committee be twenty-one.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Canning be a Member of the said Committee :—It passed in the Negative.

Befolved, That the said Committee be chosen by way of bal lotting.

Ordered, That the Members of this House do. Tomorrow, at Four of the clock, prepare Lifts, to be put into glades, of twenty-one persons names, to be the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said glalfes be placed upon the Table; and the said Tafts, held up between the finger and thumb, be put into the glalfes, at the Table, by the Members called over for that purpose, according to the counties and places they serve for, as the said counties and places are entered in the Return Book/

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Befolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Befolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more easy obtaining Partition of Lands subject to ascertained Rights of Common in Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, 9° Mad;

Anno 450 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1805. Prayers.

Prtinon A PETITION of several Owners and Occupiers of aramft lx. Houses, Lands, and Tenements, in the Parities of raberwell, Saint Giles Camberwell, Saint Mary Lambeth, and Saint te-rwork* Mary Newington, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for supplying the Inhabitants of the Pari 111 of Saint Giles and parts of the

Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, and several other parities and places in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, with Water; and setting forth, That the powers intended to be vested in the Proprietors of the said proposed Water Works, are foextenfive, that they may, and will, occasion great injury to the value of the property lying in the said Parishes: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their counsel or agents, against hieh parts of the said Bill as may a libel their interests.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-fuleration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it bean Infi ruction to the said Committee, that they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

House* without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table :—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Ref lived, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Morgan presented to the House, according to Glamorgan order, a Bill for more effectually making, repairing, and Roads Bdl» improving several Roads in the county of Glamorgan i preene And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

iweick-

-rt’s

Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to w'hom t. Bin the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for 'Aand naturalizing Schweickhert was committed;

ifled. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true •, and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the Vol 60.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, Motion for That the ingrossed Bill to continue the term, and alter Br*radj"| and enlarge the powers of an Act, made in the 27th Roaci'CBilL year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road . the leading from Berwick upon Tweed, by Bridge, to third tJme* Dunglas Bridge, and also the Roads from Billie causeway and Pre/lon Bridge, to join the said Road at or near Coe fe-

int rnf pat k Tower, in the County of Benoick, be now read the third time;

A Petition of William Dickson Wat fan, of in the Petition,

county of Berwick, Esquire, was presented to tire House, asamft< and read; taking notice of the said Bill; and setting forth. That it is proposed by the said Bill to abandon the present Road from Berwick upon Tweed, determined by Ay'on Bridge, to Dunglas Bridge, and to make a totally new line of Road from Benoick to Duny las Bridge; and that the Petitioner is Proprietor of the Press Inn upon the present Road, and within these two years last past has expended £. 1,300 in fitting up the fame, not doubting that the present line of Road would be continued; all which Money, as well as the original cost in building the Inn, will be loft to the Petitioner, if the new Road is made, unless a communication should be made from the new Road from Berwick to Ayton to the present Road at or near the Lands of Cairncross, where they nearly join

each other: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that he may be heard, by himself, his agents and counsel, against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

And the Question being again proposed, That the said Bill be now read the third time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the word "now" and at the end of the Question to add the words " upon this day sevennight."

And the Question being put. That the word " now "

Hand part of the Question;—It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the third time:—The said Bill was accordingly read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, Bill paired. An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an Act, made in the 27th year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Benoick upon Tweed, by Ayton Bridge, to Dunglas Bridge, and also the Roads from Billie causeway and Pre/lon Bridge, to join the said Road at or near Cockburnfpath Tower, in the County of Berwick.

Ordered, That Mr. George Baillie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, and Freeholders of Petition from the County of Berks, assembled at a Public Meeting for BeLks’ ...

, }!_... n. . © . respectine the

the purpote of taking into consideration the propriety of Tenth Report adopting Resolutions, in consequence of the Decision of on Naval the House on the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Entiuiry' Naval Enquiry, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have read with indignation the intimation in the Votes of the House of the abuses discovered in the said Report; and they share the National exultation at the Resolutions of the House, of the Slh and 10th of April last; and the Petitioners observe with gratitude that the Houftf intend to prosecute further enquiry to the detection of all abuses winch may

exist

Milverton Inclosure Bill, passed.

Totnefi

Roads

Petition.

reported.

252

9° Mail.

A. 1805.

exist in any other department of the State, and that they have ordered Bills to be prepared for that purpose; and the Petitioners entertain a confident hope, that in framing the above-named Bills, the House will carefully provide that the power constituted will be equal to the professed object, both as to the authority to be conferred, and the integrity of those by whom it is to be executed; and that the House will attend particularly to obviate a repetition of the obstacles, raised by persons in office, to investiga-tion; for the Petitioners submit, that, if any thin? can be worse than a deep-rooted system ofabnfe and peculation in the management of the Public Money, it would be, the institution of a system ofrevision, in its nature a burlesque upon investigation, and in its result a mockery of justice; and that the Petitioners conceive, that the most effectual method to check abuses, will be so pnniih a'ready deleted delinquency: And they therefore hope the House will be deterred by no considerations from pursuing with effect what they have begun with so much honour; and that they will not relax in their efforts till they have brought all persons concerned in the misapplication of Public Monies to condicrn punishment, and given to the world a signal demond ration, that in the Representatives of the People will he found, not the abettors of iniquity, but the faithful Guardians of the Nation, and the zealous Vindicators of the Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Par’fh of Milverton, in the County of Warwick, was read the third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 3. After " and" to leave out " are inclosed," and insert " utiinclosed," instead thereof. And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Milverton, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Dugdale do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Sir Lawrence Palk reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Creditors and Trustees of the Turnpike Roads leading from or near the North end of the Town and Borough of in the County of

Devon, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, and Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the 24th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening several Roads leading from or near the North end of the Town and Borough of Totnefi, was read :—And, Mr. Robert Abraham, being examined, said. That considerable sums of money have been borrowed on the credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act; and that the Roads cannot be kept in repair, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the term of the said Acts be further continued, the powers thereof altered and enlarged, and the Toils increased; and that it is expedient that certain parts of the said Roads should be no longer included within the said Acts :—And the Witness lidded, that it is neenfiary that Power should be given to divert and turn the Road from Ashburton towards Totness near and from

thence through the Parishes of and Staverton,

and to erect a Bridge across the River , and for that purpose to make a new Road at or near the Villages of Weston Emmett and Strctchford, to such Bridge, and from such Bridge, to make and continue a new Road through the parishes of Rut ft n/ and Darlington, or one of them, to }Juxham Cross, and also to make a new Road from or

near to Simmers Bridge, across certain Lands, and to open a direct communication from thence into the lower part of the Town of Totness, by which means the Roads between the Towns of Ashburton and Totness will be rendered more commodious to the Public, and the present Hills between those Towns will be avoided.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 3d and 24th years of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from or near the North fide of the Town of Totness towards A/hburfon and other places, in the County of Devon, and for building a Bridge at or near a place called Emmett, across the river Dart: And that Sir Lazorence Palk and Mr. Bastard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township of ThieMeU,

field and Skirethons, and Bnrnfal, in the West Riding of Inc*jr the County of York, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burden,

Mr. Wi'berforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gmham’i for settling and securing certain parts and portions of the Lands and Barony of Got thy, and others lying in the County of Perth, to and in favour of Thomas Graham, Esquire, of Balgoivan, and a certain series of heirs, in fee tail, and in lieu thereof for vetting the Lands of Meckven, and others lying in the County of Perth aforesaid, in the said Thomas Graham, his heirs and assigns, in fee simple, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

The House being informed, that Mr. Cobbe, from the Lists of Pnbiic Office for auditing the Public Accounts,' attended at Accountants, the Door; he was called in; and at the Bar presented to Presente<1' the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Lift of Officers and Departments whose Accounts are audited by the Commissioners for Auditing the Public Accounts: And also,

A Lift of Persons accountable before the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, for Money imprested on account for Extraordinary Services.

And then he withdrew;—and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Lifts be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Lifts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the second iriib reading of the Bill for the more expeditious recovery of SmaliDsba small Debts in Ireland, be now read:—And the fame coml*itte<l. being read ;—the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refobed, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Leycester, from the Select Committee to whom the Messageto

Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry (respecting the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s for Lord Navy) is referred, to enquire into the Application of any Harrowby to Monies i fined to the Treasurer of the Navy for Naval beat’^mi" Services, to purposes not Naval, and whether any, and Committee, what representations were made to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or the Chancellor of the Exchequer, respecting the withdrawing from the Bank any sums of Money so ifi’ued since the passing of the Act of 25 Geo. III. c. 31.; and also into the proceedings had for the recovery of the Debt due to the Crown by the late Adam Jel/icoe", acquainted the House,

That he was direcied by the said Select Committee, to move the House, that a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire that their Lordships will give leave to Lord liar-7 raeby

hi; '

f :i

'■ 1

n:

jrtW—

jniMurtecoil

)•!' for •rtiiion of

JUlda.

Wot for StEft

t:i Risers

fi MA* to ii? H >'04 \rharn, k.'trrcJ.

>rition from T'aMin, cipfcring’ the 'ft;:ion of itt Rjm.in athoiics of Ircuud.

47 Geo. III.

9° M

253

roicbu to come to the said Srlvel ComVnittee, in order to be examined at that Committee.

And MV. I'.cyeejlermo\ ed the House accordingly.

Ordered, That a Mefface be sent to the Lords, to de-fire that their Lordl/ips will give leave to Lord to come to the said Select Committee, in order to be examined at that Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Leycester do carry the said Message.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve it (elf into a Committee.of the whole House, upon the Hill for the more easy obtaining Partition of Lands subject to ascertained Rights of Common in , be

now read:—And the lame being read;—the House re-solved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they-had directed him to report, when the House will pleal’e to receive the same:

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the Members to prepare Lifts, to be put into glades, of twenty-one pyrfon’s names, to be the Select Committee, to whom the several Papers prefen ted to this House, relating to the Repairs of His Majesty’s"Ships the 7lomney and Sen-fible, w hile under the command of Sir Home are

referred, to examine into the several matters contained therein, relative to the said Repairs, and to the proceedings of the Admiralty and Navy Boards, and of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry thereupon; and also to enquire into the circumstances attending the publication of the Report of the Navy Board, dated 20th February 1804; and into the loss of certain Vouchers and Documents on which that Report was framed; and also into the circumstances attending the impressing of Mr. David Eieen Bartholomew, and to report the fame, together with their o!Nervations thereupon, to the House, be now read :—And the fame being road

Orde m/, That the said Lifts be delivered inTo-morrow.

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Sheriffs, Commons, and Citizens, of the City of Dublin, in Common Council aiVemblod, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have seen with the deepest regret a copy of a Petition, presented to the House by certain persons in the name of the Roman Catholics of Irelawj, containing demands of political power, which, if yielded, would be ruinous to our happy Constitution in Church and State; and that the good conduct of the Roman Catholics, as recognized by the Irish Legislature in 1770, hook place under the operation of severe Laws, which linee 1779 have been from time to time repealed, so as to place the Roman Catholics of Ireland upon a footing of political power not enjoyed by any other Dissenters from the established Religion in any other State; but though the Roman Catholics declared, at tire time of relaxing those Laws, they would be fully content,.vet the Petitioners are lorry to observe, that that cordiality and union of fentimeat which would be so desirable in Ireland has not yet taken place; and further, the Petitioners cannot but observe, that the Petition of the Irish Roman Catholics, though profcffmgto explain the tenets of that feet, as ailecting political duties, is notsigned by a single Ecclesiasfiic of that perfuufion; and that the assertion in the said Petition, that Irish Roman Catholics are excluded from the privileges of Corporations, is wholly unfounded, inafmueh as they are admissible into all Guilds and Corporations on taking the.oaths in their own Petition recited; and that many of them do at this time actually enjoy and exercise such privileges; but the Petitioners observe, that the object of this assertion seems to be to induce the Legislature to compel the Protestant Corporations of Ireland to elect Roman Catholics into their Franckifes, in such numbers as to overbear and de-ffoy the Protestant interest, an attempt which was made both va England and Ireland during the short and arbitrary reign of that unfortunate and infatuated King James

V 01* 60.

the Second, and which, with other serious innovations, led to the glorious re-assertion of the Constitution in Church and State, under the great King William; and the Petitioners beg leave most humbly to irnprefs upon the House, that the lower order of Roman Catholics in Ireland are in possession of the fame degree of civil, religious, and political liberty, that is enjoyed by Protestants of the fame rank and fiation; and even the restraints complained of by the said Petition affect a very inconsider- * able number of Roman Catholics'; the Petitioners there-:' fore humbly conceive, that the inducement held out by the Petition to the House, viz. " That granting the demands of the Roman Catholics would ex-

" tinguish all motives to disunion and means , of difeon-" tent," is utterly fallacious; and they most humbly: submit, that if the demands contained in the said Petition were acceded to, all the fences and. securities of our. excellent Constitution; in Church and State, established; by Protestant Legislators from the time of the Reformation to the reign of His present Majesty, would be destroyed and annihilated: And therefore praying the House will continue to preserv£ unimpaired our excellent Con*, stitution, and reject the demands of the Roman Catholics of Ireland.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved. That the Petition of Sir Wil- sir William Ham Razclins, Knight, and Robert Albion Cox, Esquire, ^j;rWco*atn<?

which was yesterday presented to the House, and then be brought ordered to lie upon the Tabic, might be again read:—. to the Bw. And the same being read;

Ordered, That the said Sir William Razclins and Mr.

Cox be brought to the Bar of this House, tomorrow, in order to their being reprimanded and discharged.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Bill to Monday last, for the House to resolve itfelfinto a Com-

* rp 1 r>*n I^aval Committee of the whole House, lo-morrow, upon the iiill to minioner*

continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the Act’

43d year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act dclerrei*

" for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine

" into any Irregularities, Frauds, or Abuses, which are

" or have been p radii fed by persons employed in the several Naval Departments therein mentioned, and in

" the business of Prize Agency; and to report such ob-

" fervations as shall occur to them for preventing such

" Irregularities, Frauds, and Abides; and for the better

" conducing and managing the business of the said

" Departments, and of Prize Agency in future," might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next,

resolve itfelfinto the said Committee.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Bill to Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- aPt’omt Com*

1 1 tt ,• rr, 1 t>-ii mniioners to

nnttee of the whole House, lo-morrow, upon the Bill enquire into to appoint Commissioners to enquire and examine into Public the Public Expenditure, and the conduct of Public Bufi- deterred?^*" ness in the Departments therein mentioned, and to report such observations as shall occur to them for correcting or preventing any Abuses and Irregularities, and for the better conducting and managing the business of the said Departments, might be read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee on resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon F, Iljrtl the Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Parliament eai°'1 1L of Ireland, in the 35th year of His present Majesty, so* regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, so far as relates to Freeholds under the yearly value of twenty pounds, and for making further and other regulations relating thereto, be now read:—And the lkme being read

1 he House rc-solved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

3 T Sir

till for the Staronrage* meat of Seamen, deferred.

Report tyfays and Mean*.

Stamp Duties.

254

9° Ma

A. 1805;

Sir William Burroughs took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Burroughs reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progrefe in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit agaia

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the Order, made ttport the 26th day of April last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Monday next, to consider further of the Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning; His Majesty’s Navy, might be read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this day seven*-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the several Stamp Duties following shall be charged in Ireland on the several Articles herein after mentioned, in lieu of all other Stamp Duties payable thereon; (that is to say) ,

Stamp Duties.

FOR every (kin or piece of Vellum, Parchment, or sheet or piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrafted, written, or printed, any of the following articles, or any part thereof, the respective Duties following; viz.

Any Admission of any Clerk, Advocate, Prodtor,

Notary, or other Officer in any Court whatsoever (ex- £. i. d. cept such Officer be an annual Officer in any Corporation or inferior Court, whole office is under the value of £. xo a year in 1‘aiary, fees, and other perejuilites) - 20 o o

Any Indenture or other Deed, and every Article or Contract, whereby any person shall become bound to serve as an Apprentice or Clerk to an Attorney or Solicitor, in order to his admission as an Attorney or Solicitor in any of His Majesty’s Courts in Ireland, on each part of such Indentures, Deeds, Articles, or Con t rads - - -43 00

And further, on each part of such Indentures, Deeds,

Articles, or Contracts - - 7 0 0

Any other Indenture of Apprenticeship, where the sum or value given, paid, contracted, or agreed for, v/ith, or in relation to, such Apprentice, shall exceed £*\ot and shall not exceed £. 20 - - - -050

Exceeding and not exceeding £. 50 - 0 10 0

- - - ^.50 0 0

- - - £. 100 ----- «£. 200 - - 2 0 0

---«£. 200 0 0

- - - .£.300 0 p

- - - £. 400 0 0

And where such sum or value shall exceed the sum of £. 500, for every ,£.100 of such excess a Duty of - - 3 0 0

Any Letter of Attorney empowering any person to Execute Leufes - - -10 OO

Any Letter of Attorney empowering any person to feceive Rents in Ireland - 500

Any Indenture, Lease, Release, or Deed, for settling or demiting Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in Ireland, for any term not exceeding one life, or 21 years,

Where the amount of the Rent reserved (any penal Rent, or any increase of reserved Rent in the nature of a penal Rent, not* being included in such

amount) shall not exceed 46$. or the Fine or Consideration for the same shall not exceed

£• 20 - - ...... 050

Where such Rent shall exceed 40s. and shall not exceed £. 10, or where l'uch Fine or Consideration shall exceed £. 20, and shall not exceed £. 100 *• - - 070

Where such Rent shall exceed £. 10, and shall not exceed £. 50, or where such Fine or Cortfideru-tion shall exceed £% 100, and shall not exceed £. 250 - * - 0150

Where such Rent shall exceed £. 50, and shall not exceed £. 100, or where such Fine or Consideration shall exceed <£.250, and shall not exceed £. 500 - - -100

Where such Rent shall exceed £. H)0, and shall not exceed £. 150, or where such Fine or Consideration shall exceed «£. 500, and shall not exceed •£•750 - - - - 1 10 o

Where such Rent shall exceed £. 150, and shall not exceed £. 200, or where such Fine or Consideration shall exceed «£. 750, and shall not exceed £. 1,000 - - - - -. -26a

Where such Rent shall exceed £. 200, and shall not exceed £.250, or where such Fine or Consideration shall exceed ^£.1,000, and shall not exceed

£. 1,250 ...... 2100

Where such Rent shall exceed *£.250, and shall not exceed <£.300, or where such Fine or Consideration shall exceed £. 1,250, and shall not exceed £. 1,500 - - - 300

Where such Rent shall exceed £. 300, and shall not exceed ,£.350, or where such Fine or Consideration shall exceed *£.1,500, and shall not exceed £-*,750 - - 5 10 o

Where such Rent shall exceed £. 350, and shall not exceed .£.400, or where such Fine or Consideration shall exceed £. 1,750, and shall not exceed «£. 2,000 - - - 400

And where the amount of such Rent reserved shall exceed the sum of £. 400, or such Fine or Consideration shall exceed the sum of £. 2,000, for every «£/ioo of the whole amount of such Rent, or for every *£. 500 of such Fine or Consideration, a Duty of r - 2 o O

And in case such Indenture, Lease, Release, or Deed, shall be executed by virtue of any Letter of Attorney for that purpose, then for every <£\ 5 of the amount of such reserved Rent, or for every £, 25 of Fine or Consideration, a further Duty, in all cases, of - -010

And on any Indenture, Lease, Release, or Deed, for setting or demifing Lauds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in Ireland\ for any term exceeding one life, or 21 years, a Duty in all cases equal to double the amount of the foregoing Duties.

Any Probate of a Will, or Letters of Administration for any Estate,

Of the value of £. 30, and under the value of\ £.100 -J 0 IO 0

100 - - - - £. 200 - 1 IO 0

£. 300 - 2 O 0

£.300 - - - - <£.400 - 3 O 0

----- £. 400 - - - - £. 5oo - 4 0 p

~ - - - - 500 - -- - £. 600 - 5 0 0

£■700 - 6 'O 0

£.800 - 7 0 0

£. QOO - 8 0 0

£. 1,000 - •Q 0 0

£. 1,500 - >5 0 0

£. 2,000 - 20 0 0

£■3,500 - j 35 0 9

Above the value of £. 3,500,—for every £. 100 of such value, and for any fractional part of of. 100

beyond any progressive sum of «£. 100, a Duty of 9 0 9

Except always the Probate of any Will, or Letters of Administration, of the goods, chattels, and efl’edts, of any common Seaman, Marine, or Soldier, who shall be (lain or die in the service of His Majesty, His heirs or successors.

Any Receipt or Discharge for any Legacy, specific or pecuniary, or of any other description, of the amount or value of £.20 or more, given by any will or testamentary instrument of 4

45 Geo. III. 9" Mail

any person out of his or her personal estate; and also upon the clear residue, and upon every part of the clear residue, of the per Tonal estate of every such person, whether teftnte or intef-rate, and who shall have left, or shall leave, any personal estate of the clear value of £. 100 or upwards, which shall remain after deducting debts, funeral expences, and other charges, and specific and pecuniary legacies (if any) whether the title to such residue, or to any part thereof, shall accrue by virtue of any testamentary disposition, or upon intestacy, where any such k^acy, or any residue, or part of residue> of any such personal estate, shall be given or pass to or for the benefit of any of the persons alter mentioned:

FOR every £. 100 of the value of any such legacy or residue, or any part of residue, and for any fractional part of £. ioo, beyond any sum or progressive sums of £. 100, the sums following; Viz.

Jf such legacy or residue, or part of residue, shall be givfn or pase to or for the benefit of a brother or fifter * of the deceased, or any descendant of such brother or fitter - - -15

If the same shall be given or pass to or for the benefit of f brother or fifter of a father or mother of the deceased, or any descendant ol such brother or fifter -so

If the same shall be giveo or pal’s to or for the benefit of a brother or fifter of a grandfather or grandmother of the deceased, or any descendant of such brother or filter - 510

If the lame shall be given or pass to or for the benefit of any person in any other degree of collateral cot\sanguinitv to the deceased than as above described, or to or for toe benefit o< any ltranger in blood to the deceased ...... 40

Exemptions:

Legacy, or any residue, or part of residue, of aiur personal eftale, whic h shall be given or shall pais to or for the benefit of the hulbaml or wife of the deceased.

Legacy, or any residue, or part of residue, of any peil’onal estate, which shall be given or shall pass to pr for the benefit of any of the Royal Family.

Any Bond, commonly called a Mortgage Bond, or Pond given as a collateral security for or iu relpetft of any mortgage - - - O fl

Any Entry, Minute, or Memorandum, of the ad-

mission of any person into nnv Corporation or Com* pany, who shall be so admitted in respect of his birth, apprenliceship, or marriage, entered or made in the court-book, roll, or record, of any such Corporation

or Company - - - o to

Any Entry, Mintite, or Memorandum, of the ad-million of any other person into any Corporation or Company - -- -10

Any Permit granted by any Officer of His Majesty’s Revenue, or any Dillributor of Stamps, or other person duly authorized to grant the fame, relative to any exciseable or other goods, and also any Certificate of any such Permit required by law.

If the Duties on the Goods permitted thereby do not

amount to the ftufi of £. 15 - - - - 00

If such Duties amount to £. 15 or more - -01

Any Instrument entitling any person or persons exporting any goods, wares, or merchandize, from Ireland, to any drawback or bounty on exporting the fame -00

Any Army Lift (except such as shall be published with the approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time

Any Almanack or Calendar for any one particular year, or for any time let’s than a year, which shall be printed on one side only of any one sheet or piece of paper or other materials only, and which shall not be

Crioted to as to be afterwards separated into leaves, or ound as a book or pamphlet - - - - -00

Any other Almanack or Calendar for any particular

year, or for any time less than a year - - - © ©

Any Almanack or Calendar made to serve for any time longer than a year, or for several years - -07

Any Dublin Directory ... _ . _ _ © q

Vol. 60,

d.

o

o

o

6

o

o

6

o

6

6

9

9

6

On any Aflur&nce or Insurance of any Ship or Ships, G >ods or Merchandize, or any other property or imereti whereon insurance may be lawfully marie again It lois m any voyage or voyages, or from the danger of or other perils at lea;

For any Voyage to or from any port or place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Inland, or the J Hands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, or Man, from or to any other place in the said Kingdom or Islands,

Where the sum insured shall amount to £. too, or any less sum And so progressively for every £. too so insured -And where the sum insured shall exceed £. 100, or any progressive sums of £. too each, by any fractional part of £. too, for such fractional part -

For any other voyage,

Where the sum insured shall amount to £. 100, or any less sum -

And so progressively for every £.100 so in lured -----And where the sum insured shall exceed .£.100, or any progressive sums of £.100 each, by any fractional part of £. 100, for such fractional part - -

Where the Premium, or Confi* fidi'iau in the naiutv of m Prenj* jm, actually a <J band Jid< y*icj or co 1 r^cied i*»r.

r & til 1101 cxrect: lie r*fe of f , cm.. > * exceeo the rate or *0 it. j er cut*

£. s. 0 1 3 £. S d. 0 2 6

0 1 3 0 2 6

013 0 2 C

<e c? 0 050

0 a 6 050

0 a 6 050

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, stamp Duties towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, the several additional Stamp Duties following shall be charged in Ireland, on the several Articles herein after mentioned;

(that is to say)

Any Licence to any person to deal in or retail p - A Stamps in Ireland, except perlops being Distributors —*

of Stamps, lawfully appointed by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland - - o 10 o

Any Licence to My Brazier or Worker iu Brass,

Copper, Tin, or other Metal, for making of*Stills,

Still Heads and Worms of Stills - - * -200

Any Licence to any person to fell Spiritous Liquors,

Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder, at apy encampment of troops in Ireland, for one month - - - -100

And for every successive month - - - -too

For each and every day during any Fair in Ireland, for which any person licenced to lell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, or Cyder, by retail, dial) be duly authorized by a Magi (irate to fell such spirituous or other Liquors 10 any nut, tent, nr booth, or in any street, road, or open place, at such Fair - - -zoo

"Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Stationers, and other persons who 11.all purclia e Stamps for Receipts in Ireland to the amount of ten pounds, in consideration of their making no charge to the Public for the paper stamped for Receipts, shall have an allowance at the rate of seven pounds ten shillings for every 100 of the amount of the Duties on such Stamps, over and above the allowance on the present payment of Stamp Duties to the amount of twenty pounds and upwards.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties and Allowances shall be paid and payable, according to the amount thereof, in British Currency; and that in all cases where any Duties of Stamps in Ireland, or any Allowances in respect thereof, are directed to be ascertained by the amount of any sum in respect whereof such Duties are imposed, or such Allowances are made, such amount, as well as the rate of Duty or Allowance in respect thereof, shall be taken in British Currency (except where the amount of any sum shall, in the Instrument on which any Duty is imposed, be expressed to be in Irish Currency, in which case such amount shall be taken according to the amount expressed in such Instrument.)

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon t he said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Foster, Mr.

■256

9° Man.

■A. 1805.

XVine Duties Bill, 'committed.

Nicholas Vanfittarl, and Mr. Ormsby, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Hill for making perpetual certain additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported into Great Britain,

tinning and granting to His Majesty a duly'On IVnfions, Offices, and Perfmud Ellutes, in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Simfif, in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1805; and an Act, made in the 38th year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised

granted by two Acts, passed in the 43d and 44th years of in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1798, was

Report on

Consumption of Beer in Dublin, &c.

SUtc Duty

Bill,

committed.

BUI for the Prevention of

deferred.

His present Majesty, be now read:—And the fame being read; the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refilled, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.!

Refilled, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill;

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to w hom it was referred, to consider of encouraging the consumption of Beer in the Cities of Dublin, Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, and of making compensation to the Collectors of Excise for their loifes by the Duties on Licences for retailing Spi-

committed, be now read :—And the fame being read

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tommorrow.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve WarehouGng itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider sP|rits in of permitting the w'arehouling of Spirits iti Ireland for exportation, and charging the fame with. Dtity when coniiuaej. taken out for home consumption; of regulating the exportation to Great Britain of such Spirits asthall not be warehoused; and of allowing a Bounty to Dilliller/in Ireland making use of Stills above a Certain size.

The House was moved. That the several Act s made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 13th 14! If, ,36th, 37th, 38th, 39th and 40th years* of His present Majesty, rituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, being placed and an Act made in the present Selfiun of Da Hi ament.

under the management of the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland; the Resolutions w'hich the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as follow-, eth; r >x.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Persons licensed to sell Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer,

Arts

forh? Revenues of Irceh id, to i»c

coillide/ed.

relating to the Revenues, Trade and Fisheries might be read :—And the lame being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Actsi

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- mining of the ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, made in the

Ale, and Cyder, by retail, in the Cities of Dublin, Cork, Parliament of Ireland, in the 3 2d year of His present Waterford, and Limerick, upon proof that they have fold, Majesty, and for more effectually improving and keeping within a year, Strong Beer or Ale in the proportion of in repair the Post Roads in Ireland, and for rendering the one barrel of Ale or Strong Beer for every three gallons conveyance of Letters by His Majesty’s Post Office more of Spirits,/hall be entitled to receive from the Commis- secure and expeditious, be now read:—And the iatue honors of Stamps the following Bounties :—In case such being read; the said Bill was read the third time.

Retailer flia’il have fold seventy-tive barrels of Strong Reer Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, or Ale, a Bounty equal to one-sixth part of the Stamp An Act to amend the Laws for improving and keeping in Duties paid by such Retailer on his licence; and if he shall repair the Post Roads in Ireland, and for rendering the have fold one hundred barrels, a Bounty equal to one.- conveyance of Letters by His Majesty’s Post Office more fifth part of such Duties; and if he shall have fold two secure and expeditious.

~ ‘ ‘ " Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their concurrence.

passed.

hundred barrels, or more, a Bounty equal to one-third part of such Duties.

Re/blved, That it is the Opinion (if this Committee, That it is expedient that compensation be made to the Collectors of Excise in Ireland, for the loss they will sustain

Mr. Fofter presented to the House, pursuant -to their Copy of Order,-—Copy of the Letters Patent to the Lords Com-

30th March 1805 :—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table. The said Paper is preferred amongst t lie other Papers of this Session.

prttcnitdp

by the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Li- mi/Jioners of His Majesty’s Treasury of Ireland, dated oftrrM, quors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, being placed under ’

he management of the Commissioners of Stamps.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

■VF

The other Orders of the day being read;

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Ordered, That the Bill to amend an Act, made in the mntomcad j

reading of the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, pth year of King George the First, for amending the ri^r made in the 34 th year of His present Majesty, as exempts Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Belief dcftnv'd. Slate, the value whereof l’hall not exceed twenty /hillings of the Poor, be read a second time lo-morrow. per ton, brought coastwise within Great Britain, from Ordered, That the Report, from the Committee of the miw-

whole House, to whom the Bill for amendin'1- an Act,

I -iwa

Laud T :x Coinmiiiiofl-r/5 Bill, deferred.

the Duty thereby granted, be now read:—And the fume being read;—the said Bill was read a second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. '

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the more effectual prevention

of Smugylins:;

Refilled, That this House will, upon Tuesday nexf,

relulve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill fir appointing Commissioners for puttinginto 'execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, Tor con-

passed in Ireland, in the 29th year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending and making Fiat Fruits, " more effectual the several Laws relating to the First " Fruits payable out of Ecclchatiical Benefices in this " Kingdom; and for the better regulation and manage-" meat of the charitable Bequest of Doctor Hugh Boulter,

" late Lord Archbishop of Armagh, for augmenting the " Maintenance of poor Clergy in this Kingdom," be received Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Tea of the Clock.

4o Geo. III. 10°

Veneris, 10° die Maii;

Anno 450 Georgii IH*" Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

Finedon "\ jf R. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom ,cloture Bill, ^VJ. the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of reported. Thingdon, otherwise Finedo, in the County of North-

ampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House,

relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their confont to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; (except the Proprietor of 35 acres, who refused to sign the Bill, and also the Proprietors of 140 acres, who were neuter, and also the Proprietors of 18 acres, who could not be met with j and that the whole property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure, amounts to 2,923 acres, or thereabouts; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Da-ieM A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township of inclosureBiU, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a

committed. r, \ 0

second time.

Refo'ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Alford A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in

nek.lura Bill, the County of Somerset, was read a second time,

oumutte. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldioin,

Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber. v

tfoncum A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Upton-Cum-Sure Bill Clialvey, in the County of , was read a second

mmitted. time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Praed, the Earl Temple, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition of several Owners of Estates in, the said Parish, which was presented to the House upon Friday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a second time, might be again read:—And the fame being read; tition Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the said Committee; and that the Peti-Couiiy tioners be heard, by themselves, their counsel or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee, have voices.

irflty A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in

utted'11’ bounty of Buckingham, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Praed, the Earl Temple, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

ch Lord Viscount Brome reported from the Committee,

'H’ to whom the Bill for improving and rendering more commodious the Port of Ipficich, in the County of , was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs,

Vol. 60.

Maii.

Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Town and Borough of fpfivich, in the County of Suffolk, in Great Court

assembled; and also, the Petition of several Owners of Ground on the Bank of the River Orwell, were referred;

That the Committee had heard counsel in support of the said Petitions, and had also heard counsel in favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Commit- Petition for tee, to whom the Petition of the Master, Wardens, Free-men, and Commonalty, of the Mystery of Vintners of the Docks Rill, City of London, under their common foal, was referred; reported. That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,—Mr.

Charles Martin being examined, said, That it is apprehended the Petitioners will sustain a loss by the operation of the Bill, now depending, for altering and amending an Act passed in the 40th year of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater accommodation and security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for extending the powers and provisions of the said Act; and the Petitioners conceive they are entitled to Compensation in respect to their said loss.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Mareharti Mareham

Supra, in the County of Lincoln, was read a second Inclosure Bill, . ' J committed,

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Egerson,

Mr. Cholmondele)/, &c.: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Recorder, Free- Petition from men, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Saint Alban, in st’he

the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and Tenth Report read; setting forth, That the Petitioners beg leave to on Naval congratulate the House, and express their heartfelt satis- En<ll)iry‘ faction, at the Resolutions which parted on the 8th and 10th of April last, respecting the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry; and pray the House to pursue such measures as they may think just for effectually exposing, and bringing to punishment, all public peculators and delinquents, and for securing in future the treasure of the Nation from similar depredations:

And although the Petitioners most sincerely deplore the complicated difficulties of the present conjuncture, yet they confidently rely on the wisdom of Parliament for relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Pierrepont reported from the Committee, to whom piumptret, the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of P/umptree, in the County of Nottingham, was committed; That the sported!8111 Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their confont to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he

10° M

A. 1805.

Member added to bring in Bramhope

read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and Mr. The um, the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Stratford: tave agreed

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; Mr. Speaker, l*

and then a second time, one by on,e; and, upon the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Granth Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the RauLaS, House. - powers of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second year of

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be his late Majesty, and in the seventh year of His present ingrossed. Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Grantham in the County of , to Nottingham

Ordered, That Mr. Denison be added to the Gentlemen, Trent Bridge in the county of ; without

who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pur- any Amendment: And also.

suant to the Prayer of the Petition of the Reverend The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Leith

inclosure Bill. Robert Dynelexj, Clerk, Lord of the Manor of Bramhope, for raising a further sum of Money for the improvement Harbour Bill

in the Parish of Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

without any Amendment:

Bill,

patented.

Mr. Denison presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Bramhope, in the Parish of Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

of the Harbour of Leith And also.

The Lords har e agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Blidworth for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Blidworth, in the inciofuitBiH County of Nottingham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Leek

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Leek, in the committedlll> County of Stafford, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Egerton, Sir Edward Littleton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

w . 1V.I, Lanover

for establishing a new Church or Chapel at Blaenavon, ChaPel in the Parish of Lanover, in the County of Monmouth, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefl’engers withdrew.

Welford Bridge Road BiH, committed;

A Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, the Road from Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to Milstone Lane, in the Town of -cester, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Keck, Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp,& c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committeton resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more expeditious recovery of Small Debts . Bill, in Ireland, be now read :—And the fame being read; the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Burroughs took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Burroughs reported from the Committee,

Leicester and Lutterworth Road Bill, committed.

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several A Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him tq improving, the Road from the Borough of Leicester, to report, when the House will please to receive the same, the Town of Luttencorth, in the County of Leicester, was Ordered, That the Report be now received, read a second time. ' Sir William Burroughs accordingly reported from the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Legh said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee Keck, Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, &c.: And they are had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him

reported.

to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the 44th year of His present toHt notwith- Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better governing, main-

(landing * ~ " -

Adjournment

Committee on Saint Pancras Poor Bill,

taming, and employing the Poor of the Parish of Saint

Ireland— Bill to amend the Laws relating to First Fruits, reported.

to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon this day fortnight, the 24th day of " Pancras in the County of Middlesex, for providing a this instant May.

" new Workhouse for the use of the said Parish, for ap- Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, be printed,

" pointing Collectors of the Rates, and for other purp«- for the Members of the House.

" fes therein mentioned and for making more effectual provision for those and other purposes, is committed, Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen inftrash°«w

have leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, upon

the House. the Resolutions which were yesterday reported from the bring inInftl

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refer- SumpD*1*1 Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the red, to consider further of Ways and Means for raif-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ing the Supply granted to His Majesty, and which were

then agreed to by the House, That they do make provision in the said Bill, for indemnifying persons who have acted as Notaries Public without being duly licensed.

Bill.

amending an Act, passed in Ireland, in the 29th year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for amending " and making more effectual the several Laws relating to " the First Fruits payable out of ecclesiastical Benefices in " this Kingdom, and for the better regulation and ma-" nagement of the Charitable Bequest of Doctor Hugh " Boulter, late Lord Archbishop of Armagh, for augmen-

Mr. Fofterpresented to the Floufe, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Stamp

Ireland—

Stamp Dut#*

- - Bill.

Duties, for amending the Laws relating to the Stamp presented.

ting the maintenance of poor Clergy in this Kingdom," Duties, and for indemnifying persons who have acted as

was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Notaries Public, without being duly licensed, in Ireland And the fame was received; and read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the upon Monday next.

Sir William Rawlins, Knight, and Robert Albion Cox, Ef- sir Willi* quire, late Sheriff and Returning Officer for the County of R^"'coxn Middlesex, were, according to Order, brought to the Bar; reprimanded where they received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker, and , a'^[rged. said Bill be read the third time were ordered to be discharged out of custody, paying llc

their Fees.

The

Report of

Mdfage to the Lords, respecting the Attendance of Lord iiarrowby.

Billot for

Select Committee on P.ipe rs elating to ■ir Home 'opbara.

45 Geo. III.

10° M

2 59

The Order, made upon Wednesday last, directing the method of putting the said Lilts into glasses, was read.

Then the names of the Members being called over, according to that Order, those who then appeared severally put the Lifts, by them prepared, into the glasses at the Table.

And the names of such Members as did not then appear were taken down.

And their names being again called over, several of

The Reprimand was as followeth; viz.

Sir William Raudinsand Robert Albion Cox,

Your conduct having undergone the severe but just ani-madversion of this House, followed by a sentence of ignominious imprisonment, it is fit to be understood by you, and by all men, what this House has considered to be the character of your Offence, and upon what grounds yen are this day to be liberated.

The sum of your Ostence is this r—That you, being the Sheriff and Returning Officer, did, at an Election for the those Members appeared, and in like manner put the County of Middlesex, for the purpose of giving a colour- Lifts, by them prepared, into the said glasses.

able Majority to one candidate in prejudice of another, Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine wilfully,'knowingly, and corruptly admit fictitious Votes the said Lifts, and to report to the House upon which upon the Poll;—that your ineonfiftent and contradictory twentj'-one persons the Majority falls: practices afforded the greatest encouragement to Perjury; And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Alexander, Mr.

—and that you refused to examine the validity of Votes Sturges Bourne, Doctor Sir Robert John determined by reference to the Laud Tax Assessments, in defiance of ton, Mr. Ormsby, Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Hujkiffon, Mr. Shaw the Law’s of your Country. Lefevre, or any five of them: And they are to withdraw - Graver offences than these cannot belaid to the charge immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber, of any men holding the high Office with which you were

then invested;—an Office to which you were rai fed by the Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account free choice of your Fellow Citizens in the Metropolis of Account shewing the number of Line of Battle Ships and shfmVvv this Empire, and of which office you betrayed the most Frigates of each rate launched between ill January ordered. * important duties;—violating at once the freedom of Elec- 1783 and 31ft December 1792; distinguishing those

...... - " ~ s’ Y

tions, the privileges of this House, and the just Constitu- launched from the Merchants’ Yards from those launched tion of Parliaments. from the King’s Yards.

Upon these charges, established by ample and conclu- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an five evidence, you were committed to His Majesty’s Gaol Account shewing the number of Line of Battle Ships and of Newgate, the common receptacle of Malefa6tors,— Frigates of each rate in commission and in ordinary at there to remain Prisoners, amongst those over whom you the several Ports in January 1793. had been Magistrates;—a fi gnal proof of the power and Ordered, That there belaid before this House, an the justice of this House, an indelible disgrace upon you, Account shewing the number of Line of Battle Ships and a memorable example to others. and Frigates of each rate in commission on ift January

Nevertheless, it appearing now, by your Petition, that 1794, not including the Ships in Commission for Har* your minds have been humbled to a due sense of your bour Service.

misconduct, and that your errors may be in some degree Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an imputed to the ignorant or criminal advice under which Account shewing the Line of Battle Ships and Frigates you unfortunately acted,—this House is willing to believe of each rate launched between the following periods, viz. that the ends of Justice are at length satisfied; it has there- ift January 1793 and 18th February 1801—19th Fe-fore consented that you be now discharged. bruary 1801 and 29th April 1802—30th April 1802 and

And you are discharged accordingly j paying your 8th March 1803—9th March 1803 and 15th May 1804 Fees. —16th May 1804 and 30th April 1805, distinguishing

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That what has been each year;—also distinguishing the number in the Mer-now said by Mr. Speaker, in reprimanding the said Sir chants’ Yards from the King’s Yards, and shewing the William Raivlins and Mr. Cox, be entered in the Journal number of each rate captured from the Enemy, or of this House. bought, during the above periods, and the number of each rate fold, taken to pieces, loft by capture, or other* Mr. Leycester reported, That he had, according to Order, wife, during the fame periods,

been at the Lords, to desire that their Lordships will give Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an leave to Lord Harrowby to come to the Select Committee Account shewing the number of Line of Battle Ships

of this House, upon matters contained in the Tenth Re- and Frigates of each rate in Commission on the 31ft of

December of each year, from 1794 to 1798, both inclusive, and on 18th February 1801, 29th April 1802, 8th March, 1803, 15th May 1804, and 30th April 1805, not including those in Commission for Harbour Service.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List

port of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry; in order to be examined at that Committee; and that their Lordships gave for answer, that they would fend an answer by Messengers of their own.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the Members to prepare Lifts, to be put into glasses, of twenty- of the Ships of the Line and Frigates building on the one persons names, to be the Select Committee, to whom 18th of February r 801, distinguishing those in the King’s the several Papers presented to this House, relating to Yards from those in the Merchants’ Yards, and shewing the Repairs of His Majesty’s ships the Romney and Sen- the time each were launched or may be expected to be Jible, while under the command of Sir Home Popham, are launched, referred, to examine into the several matters contained Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List therein relative to the said Repairs, and to the proceed- of Ships of the Line and Frigates building, or ordered ings of the Admiralty and Navy Boards, and of the to be built, on 15th May 1804, distinguishing those-Commissioners of Naval Enquiry thereupon; and also to in the King’s Yards from those in the Merchants’ Yards, enquire into the circumstances attending the publica- shewing when each were ordered to be laid down or tion of the Report of the Navy Board, dated 20th contracted for, when taken in hand, and when launched February 1804, and into the loss of certain Vouchers or expected to be launched; and also stating the rea-and Documents on which that Report was framed; and fons, if any, why the said Ships have not been taken in also into the circumstances attending the impressing of hand.

Mr.' David Eiven Bartholomew, and to report the fame, Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an together with their observations thereupon, to the House, Account shewing the number of Building Slips in each be now read:—And the fame being read; Dock Yard, stating the highest rate Ship which each is

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this capable of receiving, how occupied on 15th, May 1804, House do go, with the Mace, into the Speaker’s Cham- and from what period so occupied, bers, and places adjacent, and furmnon the Members Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an there to attend the service of the House. Account shewing the number of Line of Battle Ships and

And he went accordingly:—And being returned;— Frigates of each rate now in Commission built in the Voi». 60. Merchants’

260

10° M

A. 1805.

Return* of

Officers promoted, and of Ships in

Commission,

ordered.

Merchants’ Yards, also the number in Commission captured from the Enemy.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of Correspondence between the Admiralty and Navy Boards, on the subject of building Seventy-four Gun Ships in January 1803; also Copies of Tenders for building Seventy-four Gun Ships received at that time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of Correspondence between the Admiralty and Navy Boards, on the subject of building Seventy-four Gun Ships in 1805.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Ships and Vessels ordered to be built in the King’s Yards, and contracted for in the Merchants Yards, between 18th February 1801 and 15th May 1804, stating the time when ordered, when taken in hand, and when completed or expected to be completed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Hctafe, an Account of Ships and Vessels ordered to be built in the King’sYards, and contracted for in the Merchants’ Yards, between 15th May 1804 and 30th April 1805, Hating the time when taken in hand, and when, completed or expected to be Completed,

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of any Account or Paper flievving the Hate and condition of or service for which the Line of Battle Ships and Frigates in Commission were fit about June 1804.

And the Taid Motion was, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Correspondence between the Admiralty and Navy Boards, from 10th January to 15th May 1804, respecting the supplies of English and Foreign Oak Timber.

And the said Motion was, with leave of the House, Withdrawn.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of any Letters, or Papers, received by the Navy Board from the Officers of any of His Majesty’s Dock Yards between March 1803 and May or June 1804, touching the quantity of Timber in flore.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of any Letters from the Officers of the Dock Yards, shewing the quality of the timber imported from the Continent in the year 1802.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the principal Articles of Naval Stores in the King’s Yards at the following periods, 18th February 1801, 8th'March 1803, 15th May 1804, and 30th April 1805.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the additional Naval Force ordered to be provided between 15th and 30th May 1804.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the number of Persons promoted to the rank of Lieutenant, of Lieutenants to the rank of Master and Commander, and of Commanders to that of Post Captain, respectively, from the ift of January 1795 to the latest period to which the fame can be made up; specifying the number of each rank promoted in each year, and distinguishing, those made at home from those made on foreign service; and stating who were the First Lord Commissioners of the Admiralty during the said period; and distinguishing each change in the said Office, and the date thereof;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the words " 1795," andinferting the words " 1793" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the words " 1795" Hand part of the Question; it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the words " 1793" be inserted instead thereof; it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the number of Persons promoted to the rank of

Lieutenant, of Lieutenants to the rank of Master and Commander, and of Commanders to that of Post Captain, respectively, from the ift of January 1793 to the latest period to which the fame can be made up; specifying the number of each rank promoted in each year, and distinguishing those made at home from those made on foreign service; and stating who were the First Lord Commissioners of the Admiralty during the said period; and distinguishing each change in the said Office, and the date thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the total number of Ships and Vessels in Commission commanded by Post Captains, Mailers and Commanders, and Lieutenants, respectively, for the fame period.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Comm'ttte the several Petitions, which have been presented to the ap^j^ted House in this Session of Parliament, praying relief from Petitions, the effects of an Act, passed in the Iaft Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation " and Exportation of Corn, and the Bounties and Duties " payable thereon," be referred to a Select Committee, to examine the matters thereof, and to report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yea.,. } 63-

<r T, e . 1 -v CSir Robert John Buxton, 7

Tellers for the Noe-, JN,r Wpj)crn j 40.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

And a Committee was appointed, of Lord Archibald Hamilton, Mr. Western, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, Sir Thomas Charles Banbury, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Alderman Combe,

Mr. Macdowall, Mr. Boyd Alexander, Mr. Pattefon, Mr.

Patten, Mr. Holt Leigh, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Parker Coke, Mr. Blackbume of Lancqshire, Sir Robert Peel, Mr. Bradjhaxc, Mr. Jeferys, Mr. Egerton, General,

Sir Robert Laivley, Mr. Fosler: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That Seven be the Quorum of the said

Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have leave to fit, notwithstanding any adjournment of the House.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, who were Report of appointed to examine the Lists of twenty-one persons names, to be the Select Committee to whom the several committeeon Papers presented to this House relating to the Repairs of * Papers His Majesty’s ships the Romney and , while under si^Hon*0

the command of Sir Home Popham, are referred, to exa- Poptuun. mine into the several matters contained therein relative to the said Repairs, and to the proceedings of the Admiralty and Navy Boards, and of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, thereupon; and also to enquire into the

circumstances attending the publication of the Report of the Navy Board, dated 20th February 1804, and into the loss of certain Vouchers and Documents on which that Report w as framed; and also into the circumstances attending the impressing of Mr. David lomeiv; and to report the fame, together with their observations thereupon, to the House-—and to report to the House upon which twenty-one persons the Majority fell;

That the Committee had examined the Lifts accordingly, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee find, that the Majority hath fallen upon the following Persons; viz.

Sir William Burroughs, Bart. - -- -- -136

Eliah Harvey, Esquire - -- -136

The Honourable Charles Herbert Pierrepont - 134

George Peter Holford, Esquire - . - 134

Francis Gregor, Esquire ----- 134

The Right Honourable Sir John Stewart, Baronet 132 The Right Honourable Thomas Steele - - - 131

0 William

tftruSton td ommttfeeon Dake of Atholl's Petition.

Mery Bil]a icrvd.

ami—

Bill,

td.

nd—

dous

T5» &c.

=es Bill, td.

45 Geo. III. 10° M261

William Garnno, Esquire Sir Robert John Buxton, Baronet ——

James Archibald Stuart IVor tier], Esquire - -

Isaac Gafcayne, Esquire -

The Honourable Charles Kinnaird ——

Joseph Holden Strutt, Esquire - -

Sir John Sinclair, Baronet -

Lord Vifeoimt Morpeth -

William Elliot, Esquire ...... -

John Rut herfui’d, Esquire ......

Sir Charles Hamilton, Baronet ——

Lord Viscount Althorp-----

The Right Honourable Sir John Borla/e Warren, Baronet -

Thomas Creevei/, Esquire -

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet Tommorrow, at twelve of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber, and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That Seven be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn from time to time, as they shall think fit; and to report their proceedings, together with their observations thereupon, from time to time, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fit during the fitting, and notwithstanding any adjournment, of the House.

1

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 38th year of His present Majesty, for the further encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, for improving the Revenue thereof, and for the more efteflual prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Bland, might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Duke of Atholl is referred, that they do take into their consideration all such parts of the Report of the Commissioners for examining into the Revenues of the I fie of Mand which is now re-

ferred to them, as relate to the cohesion and management of the Revenue of the said Hie; and that they do like wife examine into the Receipts of the Revenue of the fame Isle, and the Disbursements thereout, from the 5th of January 1791 to the 5th of January 1805, and into all Balances in the hands of the Collectors or Receivers of the Revenues of the fame Isle; and that they do report their observations upon all such subjects to the House.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for ’ collecting the Duties on Spirituous Liquors dillilled in Ireland, and regulating the trade of a Distiller: And that Mr, Fo/ler, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Mr. Ormsby, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

131

»3*

131

129

120

128

i*5

123

109

103

95

And that Mr. Fo/ler, Mr. Nicholas Mr.

and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Par- inland-. liament of Ireland, in the 40th year of His present Ma- Exc, fe jesty, for the better regulation of, and securing the Duties L^"red. * payable on. Licences to persons engaged in the several Trades therein mentioned, and to Hawkers and Pedlars, and the Duties on playing Cards, and for securing the expences of distraining for the King’s Rents, and for other purpoi’es, might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better regulation of Licences to persons in Ireland dealing in Exciseable Commodities, and engaged in the several occupations therein mentioned: And that Mr.

Fo/ler, Mr. Nicholas Vanfttart, Mr. Ormfy, and Mr.

Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Property Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to recommitted repeal certain parts of an Act, made in the 43d year of Bin,

His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the reP°ncd. Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, and to consolidate and render more effectual the provisions for colle61ing the said Duties, was rc-eom-mitted; the Amendments which the Committee had. made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fevc-rally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments thereunto, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, respecting Claims to Abatements for Children.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting persons from Duty, upon proof that their Income is less than sixty pounds per annum.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon thq Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to b« made part of the Bill

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

Form of Certificate of Abatement.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the collection of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the trade of a Maltster: And that Mr. Fo/ler, Mr. Nicholas Vavfttart, Mr. Ormsby, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- ways and solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- ?-!o;uls> fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply detened-granted to His Majesty;

Sefolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re-solve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Land Tax Parliament of Ireland, in the 37th year of His present Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for CommiflUm- Majesty, for regulating the ilYuing of Licences for the appointing Commissioners for putting into execution an sported! sale of Wine, Ale, Beer, Cyder, and Spirituous Liquors, Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and by retail, and for preventing the immoderate life of Spi- granting to His Majesty a duty on Pensions, Offices, and rituous Liquors, might be read:—And the fame was Personal Estates, in England, and certain Duties on read. Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the the service of the year 1805; and an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for making further regulations 38th year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to for the better collection and security of His M-a jesty's His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be mi fed in Great Britain,

Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for pre- for the service of the year 1798, was committed; the venting frauds therein, might be read :—And the lame Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, being read; " \ and which they had directed him to report to the House;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards deregulating Licences for the sale of Spirituous Liquors, livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, by retail, and for discouraging Table: Where the Amendments were once read through-the immoderate use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland:out; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the VOL 60. 3 X Question

Supply,

deferred*

Ireland— Bill for Partition of Lands, reported.

Committee on V/ine Duties Bill.,

Member added to bring in Sheffield, &c. Road Bill.

Bill,

prefemed.

Slate Duty Bill, deferred,

Committee on Warehousing (Spirits in Ireland.

262

10°—13° Mali. 1805.

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Wednesday next.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more easy obtaining Partition of Lands subject to ascertained Sights of Common in Ireland, was committed j the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this IToufe will, upon this day seven- Committee night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, on to consider of the several Acts made in the Parliament of Kevenu«of' Ireland, in the 13th and 14th, 36th, 37th, 38th, 39th Ireland, and 40th years of His present Majesty, and an Act made tfef"rcJ' in the present Session of Parliament, relating to the Revenues, Trade, and Fisheries of Ireland.

Ordered, That the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Bill to amtu 9th year of King George the First, for amending the tj^wr Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief deferred, of the Poor, be read a second time upon Monday next.

And then the JToufe adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the clock.

Lunce, 15° die;

Anno 45® Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1805.

ffr.i:

1®

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making perpetual certain additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported into Great Britain, granted by two Acts, passed in the 43d and 4.4th years of His present Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That Mr. Eyre be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for making, and keeping in repair, a Carriage Road, to branch out of the Turnpike Road leading from Sheffield to Peniston, at the Township of Wadjley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to jom in the Township of Langset, in the said Riding, the Turnpike Road leading from Doncaster to Salter's Brook.

Mr. Eyre presented to the House, according to Order, the said Bill: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing lo much of an Act, made in the 34th year of His present Majesty, as exempts Slate, the value whereof shall not exceed twenty shillings per ton, brought coastwise within Great , from the Duty

thereby granted;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to eonftder of permitting the warehousing of Spirits in Ireland for exportation, and charging the fame with Duty when taken out for home consumption; of regulating the Exportation to Great Britain of such Spirits as shall not be warehoused; and of allow ing a bounty to Diliillers in Ireland making use of Stills above a certain size.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. S| >eaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ale xander reported from (he Committee, That they had come toseveral Resolutions; which they haddirested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fintdon I'1 Thingdon, otherwise Fincdon, in the County of f

Northampton, was read the third time. * i.

Resolved, That the Bill do pat: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Thingdon, otherwise Finedon, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Bakhtin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act AnitA' for veiling a Farm and Hereditaments in the Parish of comrai^ted-Petworth in the County of Susex, and in the Parish of Ea'ing in the County of Southampton (parcel of the Estates entailed with the Castle and Manor of Arundel, by the Act of Parliament made in the 3d year of the reign of King Charles the First) in Trustees, upon trull, to fell, and for laying out the Monies in the purchase of a more convenient Ellate, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin,

Mr. Hurjt, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon,

in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, to LoftwithW whom the Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, paired in the 2d and 24th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the EnjheAhiel Turnpike Road, through Tregony, to Ruan f

Lanehorne, and from D'-nnis W ater to three hundred yards on the South fide of Trethi n Mill, in the County of Cormcall, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards S

delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s

Table: Where the Amendments were once read through-out; and then a second time, one; by one; and, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for more effectually making, repairing, and improving several Roads in the County of Glamorgan, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Morgan, Sir Robert Salutburu, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Glarnorpin

Ro.ids

commit^--

Ordered, That Mr. Legh Keck do make the Report i.eicrfter art from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the North,l Company of Proprietors of the Leicestershire and North- report«J-'

amptonshire

Mark field ami Whit wick Road Bill, presented.

Petition

Reek ferry Bid.

Broad lb irs Pier Bill, prel'ciiltd.

Eau Brink

linage, kc.

Petnion,

repined.

45 Geo. III. 13° Mail.263

ampton/kire Union Canal, lo Vary I he Line of the said Canal, and to alter and amend the powers of the Act passed for making the said Canal, was committed.

Mr. LeghKeck accordingly reported from the said

Committee, That the Committee had examined the Al-leeations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made lev era 1 Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; together with a List of the names of the Persons who have assented, differed, or declared themselves neuter in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Legh Keck presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts, passed in the 30th year of his late Majesty, and in the 23d year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Mark field Turnpike to the Road leading from Longldwrough to Ashhy-deda-Zouch, in the County of

'Leicester: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That, the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Stanley , Ba-

ronet, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for improving the passage between the Town of Liverpool and the County of at the

llockFerry, on the River Merfand for levying Tolls on Vessels tiling the fame; and setting forth, That the Petitioner and his Ancestors have for time immemorial, been lei fed of an ancient and very valuable Ferry on the Che fid re fide of the said River Mersey, called Fern/; and in case the Piers, Slips, and Quays, in the said Bill mentioned, are made and extended in the manner thereby proposed, the Petitioner may be greatly prejudiced, and the profits of the said Ferry considerably diminished: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, determined by his counsel or agents, again!! the said Bill, and that the fame may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by his counsel or agents, again!! the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, again!! the said Petition.

The Lord Henniker presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending an Act, passed in the 32d year of His present Majesty, for repairing or rebuilding the Pier adjoining to the Harbour of in the

JJle of Thanet, in the County of Kent: And the fame

was received; and read the fir!! time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Charles Yorke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Commissioners for Drainage, appointed by the Act first thereinafter referred to, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Pet ition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,—An Act passed in the 35th year of His present Majeirv, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford and the Low Lands adjoining or near to the said Levels, as also the Lands adjoining or near to the River in

the County of Norfolk, draining through the same to

Sea by the’ilarbour of King's Lynn, in the said County; and for altering and improving the Navigation of the said River Ouze, from or near a place called Eaa Brink, in

the Parish of Wiggcidui ilSaint Mary in the said County,

to the said Harbour of King’s; and for improving and preserving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River and also, an Act,

passed in the 36th year of the reign of His present Majesty, for giving further powers to the Commissioners appointed by the former Act; were severally read:—And, Mr. H d-liam Lemon being examined, laid, That ihe Commissioners for Drainage have, from time to time, acted in execution of the first-mentioned A/-; but the new River or Cut, thereby directed to be made, is not yet begun; and that many unforeseen and unexpected difficulties have arisen to retard the prog refs and execution of the Works directed to be made by the said Act, and particularly the impracticability of raffing Money by way of Loan on the security ottered by the said Acts, and the difference of opinion as to the form and dimensions of the said new River or Cut, which existed between the Engineers by the first-mentioned Act appointed, and their refusal to concur in the appointment of an Umpire, until the Court of King’s Bench (to which the Commissioners were compelled to resort) granted a Mandamus, in Hilary Term 1804, to enforce a compliance with the said Act in that respect.—Then, Mr. William being examined, said. That the Umpire appointed by the said Engineers did, by a deed poll, in the nature of an Award, bearing date the 10th day of September last, in pursuance of the reference so made to him, give his opinion in writing, as to the works, matters, and things requisite to be done, and the mode of executing the fame, and on the whole of the cause or subject of the reference to him; which opinion is by the first-mentioned Act made final and conclusive, and therefore no further controversy can arise as to the form and dimensions of the said new River or Cut.—Then, Mr. William being further examined, said. That the Commissioners have laboured unde? great difficulties, and taken infinite pains to make the proper and necessary rates and assessments, and have from time to time made certain rates or assessments, as accurate as the information they had then obtained, enabled them to do, and that many persons have paid the said rates and assessments; but an opposition has been made thereto, in feme cases, and further opposition is likely to arise, if the Petitioners proceed to enforce the fame—That they have expended nearly the whole of the Monies received by them under the said Acts, in forwarding the objects and directions therein contained, and there are now considerable sums due; and that the Commissioners are unable, by virtue of their present powers, to collect the said Taxes, and to complete the new River or Cut set out by the said Umpire, and the several other works directed to be executed by the first-mentioned Act; and that the said Act is defective and imperfect in various respects, and it is necessary that the fame should be amended.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Rill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the 35th year of His present Majesty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and certain low lands adjoining or near thereto, and to the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk; and for improving the Navigation of the said River from or near a place called Eau Brink to the Harbour of King’s Lynn; and, for improving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze: And that Mr. Charles Yorke, Lord. Charles SomersetManners, and Sir Jacob Henry Ajtley,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling and focuring certain parts and portions of the Lands and Barony of and others lying in

the County o {Perth, to and in favour of Thomas Graham,

Esquire, of Balgoican, and a certain fortes of heirs in fee

tail, and in lieu thereof for vetting the Lands of and others lying in the County of Perth aforesaid, in the said Thomas Graham, his heirs and assigns, in fee Ample, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Sec.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr.,

Graham's Estate Bill, committed.

Chelmorton,

&c.

Inclosure Bill, pic tented.

Port fmoii tli Gaol Bill, reported.

Totnes Roads Bill, p relented.

Petition against Ross, &c. Roads Bill

Warehousing Opines in Ireland, reported.

264

13° Mail.

A. 1805.

Mr. Mundy presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Hamlets of morton and Flagg, in the Parish of in the County of Derby: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Admiral Markham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a new Gaol in the Borough of Partfmouth in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Sir Lawrence Palk presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 3d and 24th years of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from or near the North fide of the Town of Totnes, towards Ashburton and other Places, in the County of Devon, and for building a Bridge at or near a Place called Emmett, across the River Dart: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Land in the Counties of Ross and Cromarty, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Ross, and such parts of the Counties of Cromarty and Nairn as lie in the said County of Ross, towards the expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act, passed in the 4 3d year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland-, and setting forth. That if the said Bill should pass into a Law, it will be attended with manifest injustice and of-pression towards the Petitioners, and many other Proprietors of Land in the said Counties: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their counsel, against the said Bill, upon tkeir Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Resolved, Thnt it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there.be charged upon all Spirits made in Ireland, which shall be warehoused for Exportation, and shall remain in warehouse above a certain period, a Duty after the rate of ten pounds for every one hundred pounds by the year, on the amount of the Duties of Excise payable on such Spirits.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Distiller in Ireland, who shall make use of any Still, the body whereof only shall contain one thousand gallons or upwards, shall be allowed a Bounty after the rate of sixteen pounds for every one hundred pounds of the Duty on Spirits paid by such Distiller; and every Distiller making use of any such Still containing five hundred gallons, and not containing one thousand gallons, shall be allowed a Bounty after the rate of eight pounds for every one hundred pounds of the Duty on Spirits paid by such Distiller.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, instrua.o*. who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for collecting the Duties on Spirituous Liquors distilled in Ireland, and regulating the trade of a Distiller, that they do make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

General Gascoyne presented to the House, according Ch'ldwnll to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manors or pre^med.8*'1’ Townships of Great JPoolton, Little Wool ton, and Child-wall, in the Parish of Childioalt, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of several Persons, interested in British Ships Petitio* and Vessels frequenting and trading to the Port of Low- Thames don, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice Laftageand of the Bill to repeal two Acts, passed in the 6th and 3 2d Bapf1l[ta^e years of his late Majesty, for the regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames, and to make more effectual regulations relating thereto; and setting forth.

That the fame contains several clauses and provisions which, if passed into a Law, would be very injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by counsel, against so much of the said Bill as affects them; and that the fame may not pass into a Law as it now stands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

* Mr. Dugdale presented to the House, according to Hampton in

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Hamp- injure Bill, Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred ton in Arden, in the County of Warwick: And the fame presented. to consider of permitting the warehousing of Spirits in was received; and read the first time.

Ireland for exportation, and charging the fame with Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Duty when taken out for home confiunption; of regulating the Exportation, to Great Britain, of such Spirits A Bill for building a Chapel in t he Hamlet of Redditcli, R^ditch as shall not be warehoused; and of allowing a Bounty in the Parish of Tardebigg, in the Counties of Worcester Emitted/ to Distillers in Ireland, making use of Stills above a cer- and Warwick, was read a second time.

tain size; the Resolutions which the Committee had ResolveThat the Bill be committed to Mr. Dug-directed him to report to the House; which he read in dale, Mr. Mordaunt. See.: And they are to meet this his place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Table: Where the fame were read; and are as follow-

eth; viz. A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of Petition from

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the City of Oxford, in Common Council assembled, was ^pja^the it is expedient to permit the warehousing of Spirits in presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That Petition of Ireland, for Exportation, and to regulate the Exporta- the Petitioners having seen, by the Votes of the House, tion, to Great Britain, of such Spirits as thall not be that a Petition has been introduced there, from certain Ireland, warehoused. Roman Catholics of Ireland, on behalf of themselves and

10 others

45 Geo. III. 13" Mail.

ms

others professing the Roman Catholic Religion, complaining of div ers restraints and incapacities, to which they are subject, by the Statutes now in force against them, ami praying to be relieved therefrom; The Petitioners pray the House, That the several Statutes constituting and establishing those restraints and incapacities, of which the said Petition complains, may be preserved inviolate; iuaftnuch as those Statutes appear to have been devised, by the wisdom of our Ancestors, as the belt and stirefl means of giving permanency and leeurity to the Protestaut Government of this country in Church and State, and asy in the firm belief of the Petitioners, the fame, or equally as strong, reasons now cxift for the continuance of those Statutes, as when they were enacted.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

, , A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Cox and Mr.

jt Lords o J

,e agreed Stanley:

to Mr. Speaker,

uitvgton The l ords haye agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act tio'.urc Bill. yor nlc|0ful<r Lands in the Tomiship and Manor of Fri-zington, in the Parish of Arerdon, in the County of Cum-

berland; without any Amendment: And all'o, ht Ptrtliy The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and for inclosing the Commons called

cioisre Bill. Marion Common, in the Parish of in the County of Salop; without any Amendment: And also,

'nnford The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act 'cloture Bill, for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Pari ill of Cranford Saint J/din, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also,

wolfed The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Wof veiling certain Estates comprized in the settlements e\e-.ihbura- cut"d on the marriages of Elizabeth, afterwards the wife il ! of John Earl of Afkburviiam, and , afterwards

tati 1 ‘ the wife of Charles Boone, Esquire, in new Trustees; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

kt Lord« The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House,

Tumi* That the Lords do give leave to the I xml to

irrowby come to the Select Committee of the House of Commons, i mtnd a to whom the Tenth Repent of the Commissioners of Naval umauttee. pnqy^y (respecting the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy) is referred, to enquire into the application of any Monies issued to the Treasurer of the Navy for Naval Services to purposes not Naval, and whether any, and what representations were made to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or the Chancellor of the Exchequer, respecting the withdrawing from the Bank any sums of money so issued since the parting of the Act of 25 Geo. III. c. 31.; and also into the proceedings had for the recovery of the Debt due to the Crown by the late Adam Jcllicoe; in order to be examined at that Committee, if his Lordship thinks fit: And also,

•Lordt The Lords do desire a on sent Conference with this fence House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the subject matting ter of their Message to the Lords on Friday the 3d day 1 Melville, of this instant May, defil ing that their Lordships will give leave to Lord Viscount Melville to come to the Se-left Committee of this House, to whom the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry (respecting the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy) Hands referred, in order to be examined at that Committee.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

:agree Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference

«nce. ^ie Lords, as is desired by their Lordships.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith:—And then they again withdrew.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to manage the said Conference:

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Mr.

Fofe, Mr. Fox, Mr. Starves Sir John William derson, Mr. Fosler, Sir Ro John Buxton, Mr.

Mr. Alexander, Mr. Lee, Mr. St. Andrew St. John, Mr.

, George Ponsonby, Mr. Wef, Lord Viscount

Sir William Burroughs, Doctor Lord Viscount

Folkejhme, Mr. James Fitzgerald, the Lord Mr,

Curwen, Lord Archibald , Mr. Praed, Mr.

Wallace.

Voiu 6a

Then the Names of the Managers were called over; and tliev went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Mr. I.eyre Her reported. That the Managers had pret Conference the Lords at the Conference; which was managed on the ^'reported, part of the Lords by the Duke of N; and that the Conference was to acquaint this House,

That the Lords, always dertrous that a good intelligence and right unrterstanding rtiould be maintained betwixt the two Houses; and, persuaded that nothing can tend more effectually thereunto than a dole adherence to the antient and regular methods of proceeding between the two Houses, have desired this Conference upon the subject matter of the Metlage sent by the House of Commons, for leave for the Lord Viscount to attend the Select Committee of that House, in order to be examined, to communicate to the House of Commons;

That it appears undeniably, by an uniform series of precedents down to the present time, that the course adopted by the Lords, respvfting the giving leave to the Members of their Lordships’ House to go down to the House of Commons, has been to permit the Members of their Lordships’ House, on their own request, to defend themselves in the House of Commons, if they think fit, on any points, on which that House has not previously passed any accusatory or criminating Resolutions against them; and also, to permit the Members of their Lordships’ House, on the request of the House of Commons, to give evidence, if they think fit, before that House, or any Committee thereof, on those points only on which 110 matter of accusation or charge is at that time in any manner depending against them before that House, whether the same shall then have been resolved by the House of Commons or not.

That the Lords had also directed them to acquaint the House of Commons, That their Lordships, relying with the most perfect confidence that the House of Commons are at all times as desirous to preserve the Privileges of the Lords as to maintain their own, have given leave to the I>ord Viscount Melville (who had also previously made it his own unqualified request) to go down to the Select Committee of the House of Commons, to whom the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry (respecting the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy) is referred, to enquire into the application of any Monies issued to the Treasurer of the Navy for Naval Services, to purposes not Naval, and whether any and what representations were made to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or the Chancellor of the Exchequer, respecting the withdrawing from the Bank any sums of Money so issued since the parting of the Act of 25 Geo. III. c. 31.; and also, into the Proceedings had for the recovery of the Debt due to the Crown by the late Adam Jcllicoe;in order to be examined at that Committee, if lie shall so think fit; his Lordship, lievertheless, conforming himself in all respects to the course directed to be communicated to the Commons as above.

The Tloufe was moved, That the Resolutions which, inftrafHon upon Thursday last, were reported from the Committee jyipe&inspthe of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of BeerYn"* of encouraging the Consumption of Beer in the Cities of Dublin, Dublin, Cork, Waterford, and Limand of making compensation to the Collectors of Excise for their losses, by the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors,

Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, being placed under the management of the Commissioners of Stamps in,

might be again read:—And the fame were, as agreed to by the the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolve'-d, That persons licensed to sell spirituous Li-" quors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, by retail, in the " Cities of Dublin, Cork, Waterford, and Limerick, upon " proof that they have fold, within a year. Strong Beer or Ale in the proportion of one barrel of Ale or Strong Beer for every three gallons of Spirits, shall be entitled " to receive from the Commissioners ol Stamps the fol-" lowing Bounties: In case such retailer shall have fold foveuty-live barrels of Strong Beer or Ale, a Bounty

j Y * equal

£66

13° Mail.

A. 1805.

" equal td one-sixth part of the Stamp Diities paid by " such retailer on his licence; and if he shall hare fold " one hundred barrels, a bounty equal to one-fifth part of such Duties; and if he shall have fold two hundred ubarrels, or more, a bounty equal to one-third part of " such Duties."

" Resolved, That it is expedient that, compensation be

" made to the Collectors of Excise in Ireland, for the " loss they will sustain by the Duties on Licences for " retailing Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and *c Cyder, being placed under the management of the rt Commissioners of Stamps."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for regulating Licences for the sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, by retail, and for difeou-raging the immoderate use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, that they do make provision in the said Bill, pur-foant to the said Resolutions.

the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 34th year of His present Majesty, as exempts Slate, the value whereof shall not exceed twenty drillings per ton, brought coastwise within Great Britain, from the Duty thereby granted, be now read:—And the fame being read;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Cl.air.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Irttan

Bilito

Ireland— Mr. Foster presented to the House, according to Order, Uquor», U&c. a for regulating Licences for the sale of Spirituous Licences Bili, Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, by retail, and for presented. difoouraging the immoderate use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland:And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time. Tomorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to Bill for resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making more effectual provision for the fop- Ireland plying of Cities and Market Towns in Ireland with ^ Water;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Committee on Bill for regulating the Office of

Paymaster

General.

reported.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the 23d year of His present Majesty, for the better regulation of the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, and the more regular payment of the Army; and for the more effectually regulating the said Office; be now read: —And the fame being read; the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report. When the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon this day sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, be printed, for the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Ireland-leading of the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain St^fjDatir> additional Stamp Duties, for amending the Laws relating committed, to the Stamp Duties, and for indemnifying persons who have acted as Notaries Public, without being duly licensed, in Ireland, be now read:—And the fame being read; the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

fiitFi

ftp

j&is

tew

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Roman Catholics of Ireland, whose names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and of others His Majesty's subjects professing the Roman Catholic Religion, which was presented to the House upon the 25 th day of March last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read :—And the fame being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

And the House having continued to lit till after two of the clock on Tuesday morning;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till this day.

Debate ea Motion respecting the Petition the Roman Catholics of Ireland, adjourned*

fr.'jT'i

0

IE&

lad

Hr.

U

Kiai

hi

to

ta

fete

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon

Thursday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- , f

- - - ... . Naval Com'

Billto continue

'Sffiti:

a

mittee of the whole House, this day, upon the Bill to goners

continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the A&, 43d year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for deftrmL " appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine

Voices to

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Corn-

Committee on mittee, to whom the several Petitions which have been

Corn Petitions*

presented to the House in this session of Parliament, praying relief from the effects of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation ot Corn, and the t( Bounties and Duties payable thereon," are referred.

Committee

respecting Compensation in London Docks Bill, <Use rred.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Freemen, and Commonalty, of the Mystery of Vintners of the City of London, under their common seal, was referred, be now read :—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

into any Irregularities, Frauds, or Abuses, which are or have been practised by persons employed in the " several Naval Departments therein mentioned, and in the business of Prize Agency; and to report such * observations as shall occur to them for preventing such " Irregularities, Frauds, and Abuses; and for the better " conducting and managing the business of the said " Departments, and of Prize Agency in future," might be read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to *BU|Duty rc ^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Thursday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, this day, upon the Bill to appoint Commissioners to enquire and examine into the Public Expenditure, and the conduct of Public Business in the Departments therein mentioned; and to report such observations as shall occur to them for correcting or preventing any Abuses and Irregularities, and for the better conducting and managing the business of the said

Departments,

Bill»

appoint Commissioners to

enquire into the Public Expenditure deferred.

_I

45 Geo.

ifr—WMaii.

S6T

■ktl*

fylit

#k

‘Ik

might be read :—And the fame

being

Departments,

read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow; resolve itself into the said Committee.

Jehad—

The other Orders of the day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for amending an Act, II to amend passed in Ireland, in the 29 th year of King George the ^Mws Second, intituled, "An Act for amending and making " more effectual the several Laws relating to the First

W

' Inins to kt Fruits, tferrtd.

And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against the said Bill, and that the fame may not pass into a law, without the introduction of proper Clauses therein, to secure an adequate indemnity to the Petitioners.

Ord red. That the said Petition, do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a fecoftd time.

A Motion being made. That the Report which, upon the 6th day of this inllant May, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for altering and amending

" Fruits payable out of ecclesiastical Benefices in this an Act, passed in the 41ft year of His present Majesty,

Report on Leven Canal Bill

‘ further considere&

f:

iZt

'Jestrred.

'Supply,

Itfcntd,

yf;

t-

? "Ireland— KJlfor * fcrtrtion of Lands, deferred.

•Vine Duties f Bill, defavcdo

Bill to mend the Poor laws, deferred.

" Kingdom; and for the better regulation and manage-« ment of the charitable Bequest of Doctor Hugh " Boulter, late Lord Archbishop of Armagh, for aug-" meuting the Maintenance of poor Clergy in this " Kingdom be read the third time this day.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more ealy obtaining' Partition of Lands subject to ascertained Rights of Common in Ireland, was committed, be taken into further consideration this day. -Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for making perpetual certain additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported into Great Britain, granted by two Acts, passed in the 43 d and 44th years of His present Majesty, be read the whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the

third time upon ThurstJay next. Kennef and Canal Navigation, was referred; That

Ordered, That the Bill to amend an Act made in the the Committee had examined, and found that the said

£th year of King George the First, for amending the Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, aws relating, to the Settlement, Employment, and relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give

for enabling Chariotta BethellWidow, to make and

maintain a Navigable Canal from the River to Leven Bridge, in the East Riding of the County of York, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further consideration;

And the House being informed, that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the door to the Members of this House, upon Tuesday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Re* port into further consideration:—And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Charles Dundas reported from the Committee, to Rennet and

" — Avon Canal

Petition* reported*

Relief of the Poor, be read second time this day.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the clock.

Martis, 14° die Maii;

Anno 450 Georgii , JI Regis, 1805. Prayers.

rMtion pinlh field, &c. dBm.

power for raising any further or additional Rates, Tolls, of Duties, or for varying the line of the Canal; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts passed in the 34th, 36th, 38th, and 41ft years of the reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, were read .*—And, Mr. Thomas Mern/man being examined, said, That the Petitioners have completed

A PETITION of several Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the 43d year of His present Ma- considerable part of the said Canal, and have expended jesty, for repairing the Roads from the present Turnpike a very large ium of Money therein, but find it imprafti-Road upon Greetin'll Moor to HatherJ'age, and from the cable to procure any further sums of money for carrying

on and completing the said Canal, in the manner authorized by the said Acts; and that, in order to enable the Petitioners effectually to complete and maintain the said Canal, it will be necessary that some alterations and amendments should be made to the said Acts.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in'a Bijl for

Chesterfield Turnpike Road near StoneyMiddleton to

Totley, all in the County of Derby; and also for making two new branches from the said Roads to Ba/lore, in the said County, and to Goose Green near Sheffield, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for making, and keeping in repair, a Carriage Road, to branch out of the Turnpike enabling the Company of Proprietors of the and

Road leading from Sheffield to Per {(ton, at the Township Avon Canal Navigation to complete the same, and for of Wadfley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to altering and enlarging the powers Of the several Acts join, in the Township of Langsetin the said Riding, the parted for making the said Canal: And that Mr. Charles

Turnpike Road leading from Done after to Salter's Brook; and Mr. do prepare, and bring fn,' the

And letting forth. That the present line of Road from fame.

Sheffield to Manchester is usually called the Sparrow Pit Gate Road; but a much more level and commodious

line of Road between those towns having been latelydif-

An insrrofled Bill for inclosing Lands

Hamlets of Wind, ford and

in the several Stower ton, in the

covered, the Petitioners were empowered by the said Act Parish of in the County of Warwick, was read

to make a new branch of Road from the present Turn- the third time

Whicliford Inctofure Bill* passed.

pike Road at Toilet/ to Goose Green, near Sheffield, which, when made, will effect the said commodious communication between Sheffield and Manchester; but the Petitioners will be rendered wholly unable to fulfil their said engagement, if a third Road from Sheffield to is permitted to be opened, without an adequate indemnity to them; and that the said third or projected line of Road, though nearer, will not, on the whole, afford a better or more commodious line of Road to the Public: Voi. 60.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 18. 1. 15. To leave out " such" and insert "an " Allotment, Piece, or Plot, of not " less than Ten Acres, part of the " said Open and Common f ields of " Whichford and Afcott, fit tin to at the " South-east end of the Rector’s Close, called The Parsonnge Close, lying

in

ft

14® Mali.

A. 1805.

u in the front of the Parsonage House,

" and 1’ueh other," instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlets of

Afcott, and Stowerton, in the Parish of IVhichfurd, in the County of 'arwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Dugdale do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Collterworth Mr. Cust reported from the Committee, to whom the Inclosure Bill, Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Co/fterzcorth, reported. jn County of Lit, coin, and for making compensation for the Tythes arising within the same Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and ' found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned

had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the'Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fe-yerally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Hdufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

portsmouth An ingrossed Bill for building a new Gaol in the Bo-Gaol Bill, rough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, w as read the third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for building a new Gaol in the Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Admiral Markham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Swallow Mr. Pelham reported from the Committee, to whom Indoiurc Bill, the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Swallow, in reporte . the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and tlven a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

petition A Petition of several Trustees for executing an Act, Sheffield &c Pa^e<^ >n ihe 41 ft year of His present Majesty, for repaired Bill. ’’ ing the Road from Ilurdlcnv House, through Buxton, in the County of Derby, and Stockport in the County of Chester, to Manchester in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned, was presented to the Lloufe, and read; taking notice of the Bill for making, and keeping in repair, a Carriage Road, to branch out of the Turnpike Road leading from Sheffield to at

the Township of Wadjlcy in the West Riding of the County of York, to join, in the Township of in

the said Riding, the Turnpike Road leading from Don-caller to Salter,a Brook; and letting forth, That the present Turnpike Road from Sheffield to by way

of Hathersage, Hope, Cajlleton, and Sparrow Pit Gate, is

under the care of the Petitioners, and four Tolls are now paid to them, for and in respect of all horses, cattle, and carriages, travelling on the said Road; which Tolls will

be wholly; or for the irioft part, IoA to the Petitioners, if the proposed Road from Sheffield to Manchester, by way of Wadfley Bridge, is opened: And therefore praying.

That they may be heard; by their counsel, agents, and witnesses, a gain ft the said Bill, and that the fame may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon tlieTable, until the said Bill be read a second time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their counsel, agents, and '* witness'es, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Bill for continuing the term, and altering and en- croOford larging the powers, of an Act, passed in the 36th year of Bnd:c'

His present Majesty, lor repairing the Road leading from fonnJttei, 'Crofsford Bridge, in the Comity Palatine of to

Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Rill be committed to Mr. Eger ton,

Mr. Chulmondeleg, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Town- Bramhope ship of Bramhope, in the Parish of Otlaj, in the Melt Inclosure BIB, Riding of the County of York, was read a second time. cemraittei

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Egerton,

Mr. Charles Lawrence Dundas, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw I.efevre be added to the Member Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, added a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the Petition of several of the Proprietors of certain Open Common Fields, in the Airesford Parish of New A Ires ford, in the County of Southampton, and also in a certain Common Pasture, called the Common Marsh, in the said Parish.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre presented to the House, according Bill, to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish-of patented.

Alresford, in the County of SouthamptoAnd the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Hawkins Browne reported from the Committee, to Need wood whom the Bill to enable 11 is Majesty to grant apart of His Majest v’s allotment of the difalibrested Forest or Chase of 1 Needwcod, in the County of Stafford, for the erection of a Church and the endowment of a Minister thereof and for building and eltabiilliing the said Church, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout.; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Hugh Ilqfe, of Ghiftuhick, Esquire, was Petition presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill foraflefling the Proprietors of Lands in the County Roads Bill* of Ross, and such parts of the Counties of Cromarty and Naim as lie in the said County of li d's, towards the expence of making and l’upporting Inch Roads and Bridges therein as ilia.II be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act, pafl'cd in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland; and setting forth.

That, if the fame should pass into a Law as it now itands, it would be attended with manifest injustice and oppression towards the Petitioner and many other Proprietors of Lands in the said County: And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself or his counsel, against the passing thereof, in its present form.

12 . Ordered,

45 Geo. III.

14° Mail.

269

Norwich Road Bill, reported#

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the con-fuleration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner he heard, by himself, or count'd, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instiuciion to the said Committee, That they do admit eounfel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Robert Felloiccsreported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 9th and 12th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Nonachto Si cole Bridge in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, jn at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Q ueftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to determined by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Intituled, Ce An Act for amending and making more " effectual the several Laws relating to the I’irft Fruits te payable out of Ecclesiastical Benefices in this Kingdom; and for the better regulation and management " of the charitable Bequest of Doctor Hugh " late Lord Archbishop of Armagh, for augmenting the " maintenance of poof Clergy in this Kingdom," be now read:—And the fame being read;—the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And tljut the Title be. An Act for amending an Act, passed in Ireland, in the twenty-ninth year of King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for amending and making more effectual the " several Laws relating to the Firff Fruits payable out " of Ecclesiastical Benefices in this Kingdom; and for " the better regulation and management of the chari-t£ table Bequeit of Doctor Hugh Boulter, late Lord " Archbishop of Armagh, for augmenting the main-" tenance of poor Clergy in this Kingdom."

Ordered, That Doctor Duigenado carry the Bill to the Lords, and deffre their concurrence.

Carlow «nd Kilkenny Roads Bill, reported*

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into Irebnd^-further conffderation the Report from the Committee of Relp°n.^e the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more easy Pu-nr on of obtaining partition of Lands subject to ascertained Rights of Common in Ireland, was committed, he now' read:— comidered; And the same being read;—The House proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration; and the Mr. Lee reported from the Committee, to w hom the Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill,

Bill for the better amending and repairing of the Road being read a second lime, w'as, upon the Quession put leading from the Town of Carlow to the City of Kil- thereupon, agreed to by the House. kenny, was committed; That the Committee had exa- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be mined, and found that the Order of the House, of the ingrossed.

5th day of March lass, directing Notices to be given of Ordered, That the said Bill be read, the third time

Tommorrow.

the application to Parliament for the purposes mentioned in the Petition for the Bill, three'times in the Leivjfer Journal, and by affixing the said Notices for seven days on the respective doors of the Sessions Houses w here the General'Quarter Sessions are held for the Counties of

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of all CoiTespondence between the Directors General the Inland Navigation in Ireland and the Directors of the GramL

Kilkenny and Carioio, had been complied with; and the Grand Canal Company and Royal Canal Company Can*

that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Quession severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

of Ireland, since the 31 ft of October 1803; together with all Accounts and Statements inclosed, or accompanying the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to ’Bill for resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making more eftcftual provision for the supplying of Cities and Market Towns in Ireland with with Water, Water, be now read:—And the fame being read;

Ref bleed, That this House wi 11, resolve itself into the said Committee.

deferred,

East Mailing, See,

Indoliire Bill, printed.

Sir William Geary presented to the House, according to Order, a Rill for inclosing Linds in the Parishes of

The House being informed, that Mr. Johnson, from Evidence, &c. the Office of the Chief Secretary for Ireland, attended at the door; he w as called in; and, at the Bar, presented Grogan,

Lufl Mulling and Teflon, in the County of Kent:And to the House, pursuant to their Order, presented,

the fame was received; and read the first time. A Return to an Order of the House, dated the id of

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. April 1805, requiring a Copy of the Evidence and Pro-

ceedings taken before the House of Commons of Ireland,

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House upon an Act, passed in the 38th year of the Reign of His

...... ~ present Majesty, attainting Cornelius Grogan, Esqni

Docks Bill.

Committee

Commentation to ref°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to I" London consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Matter, Wardens, Freemen, and Commonalty, of the Mystery of Vintners of the City of London, under their common seal, was referred, be now read :—And the fame being read;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

of John’s Town, in the County of Wexford, of High

Treason, so far as the said Proceedings regard the said Cornelius Grogan; extracted from all the documents now existing of the proceedings of the said House of Commons of Ireland.

And then he ivithdrew:—And the wras read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the

Ordered, That the said Return be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Return is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Inland— ^110 ktneed the Laws

elatii

ng so ml Fruits, passed.

The House informed, that Mr. from Accounts, tie.

the Trini House, attended at the door; he called in; and, at the presented to the House, pursuant to Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third their Orders,

an Act, passed An Account of the quantity of Ballad taken by the George the Second, Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Stroud, their

3 2 lighters.

reading of the ingrossed Rill for in Ireland, in the 20th year ol Vql. 60.

ameneing King-

A. 1S05.

Charter to Trinity House.

Appendix,

(No. 53.)

Slate Duty Bill, reported.

London Port Improvement Petition, referred to a Committee.

Property Duties Bill, deterred.

270

14" Mall.

entering the Port of London, in

lighters, out of refills

each year, for the last thirty years, whether such vessels were partly laden, or in ballast:—And also,

An Account of the quantity of Ballast taken from the imported into and exported from Great , as are

it tom of the River Thames by the Corporation of T rinity now charged and allowed on French Wine imported and

The Order of the day being read, for the second read- Spi(hwn« ing of the Bill for charging the like Duties, and allowing the like Drawbacks of Customs, on Red Wine

during the last

bottom i

House of Deptford Strand, in each year,

thirty years:—And also,

An Account of the quantity of all the Ballast which has been flopped from the several wharfs on the River ■Thames, within the jurisdiction of the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Stroud, for the last thirty years; particularizing the quantity flapped in each year, and for which the said Corporation received one penny per ton, and distinguishing the kind or quality of the Ballast so shipped:—And also,

A Copy of the Grant or Charter of his late Majesty King Charles the Second to the Corporation of Trinity House, dated the 24th day of June, in the 17th year of his reign:—And also,

A Copy of the Grant or Charter of her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth to the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Stroud, dated the 1 ith day of June, in the 36th year of her reign.

And then he withdrew :—And the Titles were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table.

exported;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill for regulating Licences for the sale of Spirituous Ireland— Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, by retail, and for discouraging the immoderate tile of Spirituous Liquors Licences Bin, in Ireland, was, according to Order, read a second time, commits.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ireland— resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Stamp Duiie* the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional deferred. Stamp Duties, for amending the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties, and for indemnifying persons who have

•VjvdlL

tud.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed, for the acted as Notaries Public, without being duly licensed in

Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Sdlion; and the Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the wdiole House, to whom the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 34th year of

Ireland;

Resolved, That this House itself into the said Committee.

will. Tommorrow, resolve

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Monies presented to be raised determined by Grand Grand jury Juries in the different Counties, Counties of Cities, and prelcMmeiUs»

granted, was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment w as twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

ordered.

distinguishing the turns raised for Hoads and for Militia, from those raised for other purposes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill more coUe&on effectually to protect Parishes from Lotfes sustained by insolvency the Insolvency of Collectors of Land, Assessed, and Pro- ordaCj. pertv Taxes: And that Mr. Western, Mr.

and Mr. Nicolfo?i

the fame.

Calvert, do prepare, and bring in.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, instructlont That it be an 111struction to the Select Committee, to Cop"1"el"ec°" The House was moved. That the Petition of the Lord whom the several Papers presented to this House relating relating to Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, to the Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships the Romney and lhl'e in Common Council assembled, which was presented to Senfblewhile under the command of Sir Home Popham,

are referred, to examine into the several matters con-therein relative to the said Repairs, and

Bill for the Prevention Snuggling, 1 -l-.rrcd.

the House upon the ill day of March last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read:— And the same being read;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it flia.ll appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Curtis, Mr. Rose, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill to repeal certain parts of an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, and to consolidate and render more effectual the provisions for collcaing the said Duties, be now read :—And the fame being read.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Thursday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itfelt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the more effectual prevention of Smuggling, be now read:—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

tained therein relative to the said Repairs, and to the proceedings of the Admiralty and Navy Boards, and of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry thereupon; and also to enquire into the circumstances attending the publication of the Report of the Navy Board dated 20th February 1804; and into the loss of certain Vouchers and Documents on which that Report was framed; and also into the circumstances attending the imp resting of Mr. David Even Bartholomew; and to report the fame, together with their observations thereupon to the House;

—that they have power to examine into the whole of the matters contained in the said Papers; -

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the words " whole of the mat-" ters contained in the said Papers," in order to add these words, " expenditure and purchase of all Stores " for the use of the said Ships," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the words proposed to be left out, stand part of the Question ;—It paised in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the wrords * expenditure and purchase of all Stores for the use of the <e said ships," be added instead thereof ;—It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That it be an Inst ruction to the Select Committee, to whom the several Papers presented to this g House

45 Geo. III. 14"Mail.

271

Tkbntr on Motion rM'pcc^ing the Petition of the Roman Catholics of Ireland, refurned.

Curates

Rrhdence

Bill,

deterred.

Kle of Man

Trade Bill, deterred.

House relating to the Repairs of His Majesty’s ships the Romnei/and Senfble, while under the command of Sir

Home Pophain, are referred, to examine into the several

muttons contained therein relative to the said Repairs, and to the proceedings of the Admiralty and Navy Hoards, and of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, thereupon; and also to enquire into the eircumftanees attending the publieation of the Report of the Navy Hoard, dated 20th "February 1804, and into thelofs of certain Vouchers and Documents on which that Report was framed; and also into the eircumftanees attending the imprelling of Mr. Pavid Erven Bartholomcrv; and to report the fame, toge-

ther with their observations thereupon, to the I louse;— that they have power to examine into the expenditure and purchase of all Stores for the use of the said Ships.

The House, according to Order, resumed the ad journed Debate, upon the Motion made yesterday,—That the Petit ion of the Roman Catholics of whose names

are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and of others His Majesty’s subjects prof-(ling the Roman Catholic Religion, which was presented to the House upon the 23 th day of March lall, and tlvm ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the conCderation of a Committee of the whole House.

And the Quetiion being put. That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, tTJ10 T~V}

(Mr, union:

]i24-

-r m /• ., -v- (Mr. Atiornev General, ) r

I ellers for the N oes, ' c ■, } 3 10.

i Sir George Fitzgerald 11 ill:) 50

So it passed in the Negative.

And the House having continued to lit till after four of the clock on Wednesd ty '-orning;

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon the 7th day of this instant May, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House. this day, to consider further of the Hdl for encouraging the residence

o

of Stipendiary Curates on their Cures; might be read :— And the same being read;

Ordered, That t he said Order be discharged.

Refo'ved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into the said Committee.

The House vras moved. That the Older, made upon Wednesday lad, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, this day, upon the Hill for regulating and encouraging the Trade, for the improvement of the Revenue, and prevention of Smuggling to and from the Jjleof Man; might be read ;—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Be faked. That this House will. To-morrow’, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the fervire of the year 1805; and an Act, made in the 38th year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raided in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1798; might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Bill to Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, this day, upon the Bill to continue, missioneis for a time to lie limited, an Act, made in the 43d year Act, of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for appoint- Jilrtrt

" ing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any " Irregularities, Frauds, or Abuses, which are or have " been pmetifed determined by persons employed in the several " Naval Departments therein mentioned, and in the bu-" finess of Prize Agency; and to report such observa-" tions as shall occur to them for preventing such Irre-" gularitics. Frauds, and Abuses; and for the better " conducting and managing the bufmeisof the said De-" partments, and of Prize Agency in future;" might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

R-solved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Bill to Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a jJIXonere to*" Committee of the whole House, this day, upon the Bill enquire into to appoint Commissioners to enquire and examine into the Public the Public Expenditure, and the conduct of Public Bu- Xferred."* fmefs in the Departments therein mentioned; and to report such observations as shall occur to them for correcting or preventing any Abuses and Irregularities, and for the better conducting and managing the business of the said Departments; might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Refilled, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

T1 ie House was moved, That the Order, made upon Ways and Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- deferred mittee of the whole House, this day, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; might be read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That that the said Order be discharged. ,1

Refilled, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That the Order, made upon Supply, Monday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Coin- tle/lirrea-mittee of the whole House, this day, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; might be read;

—And the fame being read;

trifli The I Ioufe was moved. That the Order, made upon

Stared5 '1, 'Fhurftlay last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee-of the whole House, this day, to consider further of the Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 35th year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, so far as relates to Freeholds under the yearly value of twenty pounds, and for making further and other regulations relating thereto; might be read;—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged;

Refilled, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve | itself into the said Committee.

land Tax The House was moved. That the Order, made upon mBiu,011* Friday last, for reading, the third time, this day, the in-deferud* gross'ed Bill for appointing Commissioners for putting into execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting so His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in 'England, and certain VOL. 60.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Refilled, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to Committee on empower the Justices of the Peace within the Division or Hundred of Salford, in the County Palatine of to 'not- ’

to raise a salary to be paid to the Chairman of the withstanding Quarter Sessions for the said Hundred, is committed; have Adjoun, mei>t* leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinsdo carry to the Lords the

ingrafted Hill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in inclosure Bill, the Parish of 77 tingdon, otherwise Finedon, in the County fhc Lords!

of Northampton; and desire the concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

The other Order being read:

Ordered, That the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Bill to amend 9th year of King George the First, for amending the Laws ‘£^or

relating a<sw.

272

14°;—16° Malt.

relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the Poor, be read a second time Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, 16° Mail;

Anno 45° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1805.

Saint Pancras Poor Bill, reported.

Prayers,

SIR Thomas TheophilusMetcalfe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing an Act, made in the 4.4th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better governing, maintaining, and cmplov-" ing, the Poor of the Parish of in the County of Middlefx; for providing a new Workhouse

I. for the use of the said Parish; for appointing Collectors " of the Rates, and for other purposes therein nien-" tioned;" and for making more effectual provision for those and other purposes; was committed; and to whom the Petition of several of the Directors of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of

appointed in and by virtue of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament; and also the Petition of several Inhabitants, Householders of the Parish of Pancras in the County of Middlesex, being Directors of the Poor of the said Parish; and also, the Petition of several Inhabitants, Houseliolders of the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex; were severally referred; That the Committee had heard counsel in support of the first-mentioned Petition; and that no Person appeared in behalf of the two last mentioned Petitions; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,'one of them was disagreed to; and the rest were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

laneaftfr Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom justices Bill, tv,c Bill to empow er the Justices of the Peace within the re * Division or Hundred of Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to raise a Salary to be paid to the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions for the said Hundred, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, wore agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Accounts,&c. Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers, relat-referred to itlg to the Isle of Mat:, which have been presented to the <"C°n House in this Session of Parliament, be referred to the Atholl's Committee to whom the Petition of John Duke of Atholl

fctitica is rcrerred.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of Duties received within the Ports of the Isle of Man, upon Imports and Exports, between the 5th January 1798 and the r,th January 1S0.4, which was presented to tfte House upon the 10th day of April in the last Session of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Norwich An ingossed Bill for continuing the term, and altering ^pjircd.1’ enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 9th

and 12th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Norwich Xb Scale Bridge, in the County of Norfolk, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 9U1 and 12th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Norwich to Scale Bridge, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Fellows do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill to continue the term, and alter and Lo(t»iti>iet enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed in the 2d and Road Biu,

2.4th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road pallc<1* from the Lofzcithicl Turnpike Road, through Tregoni /,to

Ruan Lanehorne, and from Dennis Water to three hundred yards on the South fide of Tret him AI ill, in the "

Comity of Cornu-all, was read the third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 13. 1. 5. To leave out from the beginning’of the line to the first " or" in line 31, and insert " Hay, Straw, Corn in the -" Straw, or Wood, not fold or dif- v--

" poled of, but to belaid up in the " Houses, Outhouses, Yards, or on " the Premises of the Owner or Own-" ers thereof, nor for any Plough,

" Harrow, Dray, or other Imple-" ment of I lulbandry," inllead thereof. 1

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the pow ers of two Acts, passed in the second and twenty-fourth years of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Loflwithiel Turnpike Road, through gony, to Ruan Lanehorne, and from Dennis Water to three hundred yards on the South fide of Mill,

in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That Sir William Lemon d carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

ij

Air. Leycester reported from the Select Committee, to special Rcpat whom the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval ‘ram Enquiry ((respecting the Office of the Treasurer ofllis Tenth Report Majesty’s Navy) is referred, to enquire into the appliea- on Naval tion of any Monies issued to the Treasurer of the Navy Kmiu;!-r-for Naval Services, to purposes not Naval, and w hether any and what representations were made to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or the Chancellor of the Exchequer, respecting the withdrawing from the Bank any sums of Money so ifiuod since the passing the Act of 25 Geo. III. c. 31; and also, into the proceedings had for the recovery of the debt due to the Crown by the late Adam Jedicoe-, That the Committee had directed him to report to the House, That upon a full consideration of the restrictions and limitations contained in the Minutes of Conference, it does not appear to the Committee, that they can effectually or satisfactorily proceed to the examination of Lord Viscount for the purposes of the enquiry referred to them, without trenching upon the regulations under which Lord Viscount Melcil/e has been permitted to come before them; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fume wrus read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Report whole House, to whom it w as referred to consider of the Report, w'hich was made from the Committee, to whom in°Lonti*.a the Petition of the Master, Wardens, Freemen and Com- Docks Bui* nionalty, of the mystery of Vintners of the City of London, under their common seal, was referred, be now received.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do make the said Report.

Sir

45 Geo. III. 16° Mail 273

Sir John William Anderson accordingly reported from the find Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Refoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Frovitions contained in an Act, passed in the 40th vear of His present Majesty, " for making Wet Docks,

« Basons, Cots, and other Works, for the greater ao-« commoclation and security of Shipping, Commerce,

" and Revenue, within the Port of London and also in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, " for " warehousing Goods within the limits of the said " Docks," for making compensations to the Vintners, Porters, and others, in vespect of the injury, loss, or damage, they might sustain by the Works thereby directed to be carried on •, he extended to the Mafier, Wardens, and Freemen and Commonalty of the My fiery of Vintners of the City of

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereon, agreed to by the House.

BirrMryaml Mr. Dugdale reported from the Committee, to whom

ITS Bill to revive, continue, and enlarge the term and

’ powers of three Acts, passed in the 27U1 and 29th years of his late Majesty, and in the ad year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads therein, mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Hinckley, to the Towm of in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Bijhons Gate, ill the City of Coventry, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the I lonfe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotfed.

c-w:! June- The House was moved. That the Report which, upon Cmmnv s l'ie ?>h day of this infiant May, was made from the b; 1, ' Committee, to whom the Bill for altering, amending, and K-commiticj. enlacing the powers of certain Acts, for making and maintaining the Grand Jun&ionCanal, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the "Fable, might be read :—And the fame was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Refoked, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Refoked, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the fame was committed.

Jt’ojrfapine Sir Jacob Henry A/Iky presented to the House, accord-

’7 to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Broadmaine, in the County of Dorset; And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refoked, That the Bill be read a second time.

Rumney Mr. Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom Pttitism, Petition of several Land Owners and Occupiers of rtpo ted.’ Land in the Parish of Rumney, in the County of

was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, a< it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; ainl afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,—-Mr. Nc/iollWood, being examined, said. That over the River Rumney, which adjoins and divides the Parish ox Rumney, ail(l Parish of Roath, in the County of Glamorgan, as also, the two Counties of Monmouth and Glamorgan,

Vol. Go.

there is a Bridge, which was ereefed for a communication between the said parishes,.and by several Acts of Parliament made for making, amending, widening, and keeping in repair the several Roads in the said Counties, the Roads and Avenues to the said Bridge, were made Furn-pike, but no provisions were made for the Repair of the said Bridge;—that the said Bridge is narrow and become ruinous, and is greatly decayed; and that in consequence of the apparently dangerous situation of the said Bridge, it has been lately surveyed, and it is found impracticable to repair the said Bridge, in a substantial manner; and that a Plan and Estimate has been made for a new Bridge, the Expence of which, will amount to £. 2,000 or thereabouts;—that the rebuilding of the said Bridge will be of great public convenience; and the most elegible and leaf! oppressive mode of defraying the Expence of rebuilding the fame, will be, by obtaining Money necessary for that purpose, on Loan from Individuals, and gathering or collecting a Toll from Passengers or Travellers going over the said Bridge.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge over that part of the River Rumney which divides the Parish of Rumney in the County of Monmouth, and the Parish of Roath in the County of Glamorgan: And that Mr. Morgan, Sir Charles Morgan, and General Rooke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Eger ton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Merry on the Hill, in the County Palatine of:

And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Master, Pilots, and Seamen of the Trinity House of upon Tynet was

referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Charters from the Crown were produced to your Committee ;—by which it appeared. That the Petitioners are incorporated by the fame; and under and by virtue thereof, do levy, collect, and receive, for and towards the charges of keeping and repairing two Light Houses at North Shields, at or near the Port of Neiocaflle, for Marks for Ships entering into, and departing from, the said Port, and for Lights to be kept in them for the Nighttime, from Quarter and Half Quarter Flood, and half Ebb, certain Duties prescribed by their said Charters,-to be paid by the Owners of Ships or Vessels, entering the said Port, or any of the Creeks or Members thereof And Mr. Patrick Holland, and Mr. William Sharp, being examined, said, That the said two Light Houses have, from alterations in the Channel and course of the River, become ill-placed and unfavourable to the safe navigating of Vessels; and it is therefore necessary, that two new Light Houses should be erected, which will give a different line of direction or leading mark to Ships entering into, or leaving the said Port; but that the Fuqds arising to the Petitioners from the Duties aforesaid, are inadequate to enable them to erect such Light Houses.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Master, Pilots, and Seamen of the Trinity House of Neiocaflle upon Tyne, to erect two new Light

Houses, at North Shields, at or near the Port of Newcastle, and to raise a Fund for defraying the charge thereof: And that Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr. , and

Mr. Burdon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Surrey, was presented to the House,5 and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners beg leave to express their unfeigned gratitude to the House, for the measures they- have taken towards detecting, and bringing to justice, those Servants of the Crown, who have broken the Law, violated theif Trust, and ufwd the Public

•4 A Money

St Mary’i r Chester Inclosure Bill* presented.

Shield*

Li^hthouiet

Petition,

reported.

Petition frota

Su rrey, respetfing- the Tenth Report on Naval Enquiry,

M*fiage to Lords, for Earl St* Vincent to be examined at a Committee*

Petition of 2Atu Weroyft respectinf

S74

16* Mail.

A. 1805.

Money for purposes of private emolument and ambition; and they implore the House not to defilt from the prosecution. of those enquiries which they have so honourably and so successfully begun; and they injreat the House to bear in mind how patiently the People of England have sustained the immense burthens imposed upon them, the fufl’erings they have endured, and are now enduring, the cnormously advanced prices of the necessaries of life, and, above all, their generous, unsuspecting confidence ait all times in those, in whose hands the earnings of their, industry were deposited; and that, thankful as the Petitioners are to the House for having recorded upon their Journals the flagrant breaches of Trust committed by unfaithful Servants, they beg leave most humbly to represent to the House, the necessity of guarding against a repetition of similar Frauds, Peculations, and Abuses; and that the Petitioners, therefore, entreat the House to investigate thoroughly not only the remaining Articles contained in the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, but also the suspicious matters brought forward in their Eleventh Report, and likewise every other irregularity which may hereafter be discovered by any further Reports of the said Commissioners; and that they will also institute immediate and Arid enquiries into the Expenditure of every other branch of the Executive Government; and that, in the progress of these important, Investigations, which the expectations of the People require to be rigorously and impartially pursued, the Petitioners are persuaded, that the House, acting up to the spirit of their Resolutions of the 8 th and ioth of April, will follow no other counsels than those which shall be dictated by their own integrity and difeemment: And they hope. That the detection of Men, who are now found to have been, for a series of years, in the constant habits of misapplying the Public Money, will warn the House not to rely too much upon the specious professions of their colleagues for the punishment of offences, through which they have themselves derived a corrupt support to their own power; and that the Petitioners trust, rather, the period is at length come, at which the Representatives of the People, returning to the examples and the maxims of former times, will shew themselves determined to pursue hereafter a system of vigilance and jealously, instead of reposing an implicit and indiferimi-nate confidence in the Advisers of the Crown.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

That the Committee had examined the matter of the Quarreti said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, Haven> as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the rtpwte<* Report in his place •, and afterwards delivered it in at ' the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,—>A Report made by the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, dated 26th March 1805, was produced; by which it appeared, That the Harbour at a Creek called the Quarrel! Haven of M in the County of Fife, on the North Side of the Frith of Forth, and near the mouth thereof, which is situated upon the Estate of the Petitioner, is the only safe Asylum near the mouth of the Frith, for Ships of War and Trading Vessels, in a quarter where the vicinity of the German Ocean ex-poses them frequently to great danger; that by a violent Storm in the Winter of 1802-3, the principal Pier of the Harbour was very much injured, and it must in a short time be rendered useless, unless the Pier is completely rebuilt; and that the expence attending the fame according to the best Estimates which have been obtained, will amount to about ^.4,500.—Then, a Member present informed your Committee, That the Revenue of the said Harbour is very insignificant to the Petitioner; and that he has expended more than «£*. 400 in repairing the damages done by the said Storm.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

vortiOi

Hi

Cr-jb 1

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Account count of the manner in which the sum of £. 500,000, granted by the Irish Parliament to the Directors of Navigation Inland Navigation in Ireland, has been disposed of, from the date of making up the last Account presented to this House.

The Lords hare agreed to

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Cox and Mr,

Stanley:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ireland— for raising the sum of One million five hundred thousand At^tlcs pounds, by way of Annuities, for the service of Ireland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ireland—

Sir John Stewart, from the Select Committee, to whom the several Papers presented to this House, relating to the Repairs of His. Majesty’s Ships the Romney and Senfikle, while under the Command of Sir Popham,

are referred, to examine into the several matters contained therein relative to the said Repairs, and to the proceedings of the Admiralty and Navy Boards, and of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, thereupon; and also to enquire into the circumstances attending the publication of the Report of the Navy Board, dated 20th February 1804, and into the loss of certain Vouchers and Documents on which that Report was framed; and also into the circumstances attending the impressing of Mr. David Eioen Bartholomew', and to report the fame, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House; and who were empowered to examine into the expenditure and purchase of all Stores for the use of the said Ships; acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Select Committee to move the House, that a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire that their Lordships will give leave to the Earl St. Vincent to come to the said Select Committee, in order to be examined at that Committee.

And Sir John Stewart moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire that their Lordships will give leave to the Earl St. Vincent, to come to the said Select Committee, in order to be examined at that Committee.

Ordered, That Sir John Stewart do cany the said Message.

Ireland—

Silver Tokens

Mr. Macdmallreported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of William Wem of Esquire,

Major General of His Majesty's Forces, was referred;

for restraining the negociation of certain Promissory £0°^ BaL Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange in Ireland-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for preventing the counterfeiting of certain Silver Coin issued by the Banks of England and Ireland respectively, to Silver Pieces which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, called Tokens, and to promote the circulation of the said Tokens; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ireland— to amend the Laws for improving, and keeping in repair the Poll Roads in Ireland, and for rendering the con- 1 veyance of Letters by His Majesty’s Poll Office more secure and expeditious; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hinckley ait to continue and amend two Acts, passed in the 2d and 24th years of His present Majesty, /or repairing the Road from Castle Street, at the end of the Town of Hinckley, to Luttenvorth Town’s-end, and from the Guide Post at Walcot Town’s-end, in the County of to the

eighty milestone in We ford Field, in she County of Northampton-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Swindon and to enlarge the teim and powers of two Acts, passed in the 2d and 24th years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road at or near to

Marlborough, and from Marlborough to in the County of Wilts-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Milverton for inclosing Lands in, the parish of Milverton, in the 12 County

hi

IK

L

45 Geo. III. 16° M. 275

County of Warwick; without any Amendment: And . u also,

|'eRifled The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

ich.inau’s exchanging part of the Fee Simple Estate of Sir John bteiiii. Buchanan, Baronet, in the County of

for his settled Estates in the Counties of Bedford and Buckingham; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

'verities The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to uivowions repeal so much of an Act, passed in the ninth year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to re (I rain the Disposition of Lands, " whereby the fame become unalienable," as retrains Colleges within the two Uni verb ties of Oxford and Cambridge from purchasing or holding Advowsons, except as therein is provided; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also, jjriof The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for jrcuwie’* yelling in new Trustees the Beal Estates in , of

uute t^e j^je|lt honourable Walter Earl of Ormonde and Offory, which have not been sold or disposed of, under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed by the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the sale " of competent parts of the Real Estates of the Right ' honourable John Earl of Ormonde, and the Honourable

" Walter Butler, commonly called Lord Viscount Thurles, " his eldest son and heir apparent, for the payment of " debts, charges, and incumbrances affecting the fame, " and for settling such part and parts thereof as shall not " be sold for the purposes aforesaid, and for other purposes;" to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

Kck’s The Lords have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sat. Bill, naturalizing Christopher Lorgk; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Vck’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act rad511* for naturalizing Christopher was read the first

time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Juctanan'* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act E jeadB il’ for exchanging part of the Fee Simple Estate of Sir John

Buchanan, Baronet, in the county of,

for his settled Estates in the Counties of Bedford and Buckingham, was read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A’.s.rn- - An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ilaBii) for VBft'nS certain Estates comprized in the settlements jJa,1 ’ executed on the marriages of Elizabeth, afterwards the wife of John Earl of Ashburnham, and after-

wards the wife of Charles Boone, Esquire, in new Trustees, was read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

5k;-Vn Mr. John Fane reported from the Committee, to ff'o-tta'w^om the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of u' Shirburn, in the County of Oxford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made feveval Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and after-. wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wrere once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Qua lion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrofi'ed.

ciofwe? inSrossed for inclosing Lands in the Parish of

lU' Colfienvorth, in the County of Lincoln, and for making VOL 6o.

oompensation for the Tythes arising within the same Parish, was read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosm" Lands in the Parish of Col/lencortk, in the County of Lincoln, and for making oompensation for the Tyth°s arising within the same Parish.

Ordered, That M r. John Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Legh Keck reported from the Committee, to whom Melton the Bill for more este^ually repairing and improving the Road from Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, reported, to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, leicester, and another Road therein mentioned, wras committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bi 1, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him. to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mj. Johnstone presented to the House, according to ftyhili, &c.

Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Hamlets or tnciorureBin, Townships of By hill and Camerton, in the East Riding of pre the County of York; and for making compensation for the Tythes thereof, and also for the Tythes of the antient inclosed Lands within the said Hamlets or Townships:

And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill to enable NcedweoB His Majesty to grant a part of His Majesty’s allotment Ci»poi Bill, of the disafforested Forest or Chase of Needxvood, in the *"* County of Stafford, for the erection of a Church and the endowment of a Minister thereof, and for building and establishing the said Church, be now read the third time;

Mr. Bose, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the purport of the said Rill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill w'as read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant part of His Majesty’s allotment of the difalforested Forest qr Chafe of Needicood, in the County of Stafford, for the erection of a Church, and the endowment of the Minister thereof, and for building and establishing the said Church.

Ordered, That Mr. Hazokins Brozene do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 13 th Bill to amend year of His present Majesty, to explain, amend, and re-dace into one Act of Parliament, the general Laws now «dere4. in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that part of Great Britain called England, and for other purposes, might be read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend so much of the said Act, as relates to the recovery of the penalties thereby imposed on persons driving waggons having the fellies of the wheels of less breadth than six inches, on Turnpike Roads, with more than four horses: And that Mr. Matthews and Mr. Lygon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, ar Accounts, Be. Account of the amount of all unclaimed Dividends on •-

the Public Funds, which were receivable on or before Unclaimed the xoth of October 1780, remained unpaid on the 31ft r>mdcpa*' of December following, and have since been paid, at the Bank of England and South Sea House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the amount of all unclaimed Dividends on the

vt6

16° M

A. 1805.

the several Annuities payable at the Bank of England and South Sea House, which were receivable on or before the ioth of October 1802, and remained unpaid on the 3 ill of December following; also an Account of Lottery Cert ificates remaining in the Bank of England unpaid on the said 31st of December.

Proprietor* of "Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List Public Fund*, of the names of such Proprietors of the Public Funds transferable at the Bank of England and South Sea House, as were entitled to Dividends on or before the ioth of October 1802, and which now remain unpaid; flating the number of Dividends due to each Proprietor, and the dates when the first Dividends respectively became payable; together with such descriptions of the said Persons as may be entered in the books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England and of the South Sea Company.

Plumptree, A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for tnctoOire Bill biclosing Lands in the Parish of Plumptree, in the County passed. ’ of Nottingham, be now read the third time;

Mr. Rose, by His Majesty’s command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the purport of the said Bill, gives His consent, as far as His Majesty’s interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Plumptree, in the County of Nottingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Pierrepont do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Committee Ordeted, That a Committee be appointed, to enquire relative to bow far it may be expedient to allow Coals, to a limited briuging extent, to be brought to London by the Grand Junction London b aa^ Paddington Canals, upon payment of the fame Rates Canals. ’ and Duties to which Coals brought coastwise into the Port of London are now liable; and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And aCommittee was appointed, of Mr. Ilufkiffon, Sir Matt hero White Ridley, Mr. John William Ward, Mr Scott, Mr. Brandling, Sir Ralph Milhanke, Sir Robert Peel, , Mr. Burdon, Mr. lMinbton, Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, Mr. LeghKcck, Mr. Bradjhazc, Mr. Mor Mr.Shafto,

Mr. Ruflcll, Mr. Morton Pitt, Mr. Ord, Mr. Charles Mills, Ml*. Pole Careic, Mr. Staniforth, Mr. S'dlivan, Sir Hugh Inglis, Mr. Morris, Mr. Dickins, Mr. Praed, Mr. Manning: And they are to meetTo-morrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have voices.

Petition from A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of York, rcibecting the conv^ne^> pursuant to request, by the Right honourable Tenth Report the Lord Mayor, and assembled in the Guildhall of the on Naval said City on Monday the 13th day of May 1805, was q,uiry» presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the . Petitioners feel the deepelt gratitude to the House for its patriotic Votes of the 8th and ioth days of April lait, founded on the Tenth Report of the Commi (honors of Naval Enquiry; the one declaring Lord \ i (count Melville to be guilty of a gross violation of the Laws, and a high breach of his Public Duty; and the other ordering inch Resolution to be laid at the foot of the Throne, the whole House attending; the Petitioners are convinced that no act of any branch of the Legiftature has ever been received with more satisfaction by the People of this Country than the said Votes; and they are further convinced that nothing can possibly be a greater disappointment to the People, than any remission in the House of the vigorous and necessary efforts with which they have thus commenced the career of Public Justice; and that the faithful and dignified discharge of the powers vested in the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, their indefatigable indullry, their resolute perseverance, their unexampled fortitude, and their incorruptible integrity, have demanded and have obtained the admiration and applause of the whole Nation; and a continuance at lead, if not

an extension of the powers vested in them, and also a general enquiry into the conduct of every other Depart* ment of Finance, are essentially requisite to the prosperity of the British Empire; and the Petitioners anxiously request of the House, that whenever hereafter this subject may come before them, they will fix their attention on the obstructions to full enquiry, so evidently pointed out in the said Tenth Report of the Naval Commissioners; and they intreat the House that they will, in the institu-tion of other enquiries into the Public Expenditure, take especial care that the power they shall delegate be equal to its object, both as referring to the facility of enquiry and to the integrity of those to whom enquiry shall be committed; for the Petitioners submit to the House whether any thing short thereof will not be deemed illulive and unavailing, and rather contribute to the continuation than the prevention of future abuse and peculation: And that, on all these matters, the Petitioners re-quest the House, steadily to pursue what they have with so much honour begun, and not to relax their efforts, till Guilt , wherever it exists, shall be pursued to detection, and till exemplary and deserved punishment shall have overtaken, as well those who have themselves been fraudulent, as those who have connived at fraud.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Universt:« repeal so much of an Act, passed in the ninth year of the A^wlo"» reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to s rest rain the disposition of Lands, whereby the fame become unalienable," as restrains Colleges within the two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, from purchasing or holding Advowsons, except as therein is provided; was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Tuesday next

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List other of His Majesty’s Ships in Commission, with the amount of their first cost, together with such sums as have been ships of War, expended upon them in repair, during each year finee or Jer, J' they were built; in which Lifts the Ships built in the King’s Yards, those built by contract, the Ships taken from the Enemy, and those which have been purchased, are to be distinctly Hated.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account /hewing the number of months which the i lump and Spars for Mails and Topmasts, in ft ore on the 15th of May 1804 would last, according to the average consumption during the late War; also, bow much of each species was due on contract at that time, and how many months it would last.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Order from the Admiralty to the Navy Board, dated January 1776, for keeping a three-years stock of Timber in the Dock Yards.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of that part of the Report by the Commissioners of the Navy, who inspected Chatham Dock Yard in 1785, which has reference to the supplies of Timber sent into that Yard, and into the Yards at Deptford and Woolwich.

Ordered, That there be laid before this I louse, Copies of all Reports made by the Purveyors of Fared,

dated 18th November 1797, and 4th December 1802; also, an Account /hewing the number of Trees Which have been felled in that Forest, for the use of the Navy, since the period first mentioned; together with Copies of any applications from the Navy Board to the Treasury, for the fall of the said Trees.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Letter from the Navy Board to their Purveyor of Shenvood Forest, dated 20th November 1797, declining the offer of Timber made by Mr. Shaw, of Trowel.

Ordered, That there be laid before litis House, an Account of the lowest meetin gs and size of Oak Timber allowed to be received into His Majesty’s Dock Yards on the ellabliihtd contrafts since 1776, and the lowest meetings

45 Geo. III. 16° M277

iiigs and size of Titnber which is applicable to the building of Frigates and Sloops of War.

Ordered, That (here be laid before this IJoufe, an Account ihovving the quantity of Sided Timber converted in Deptford Yard in October, November, and December i8or, and October, November, and December 1803, Specifying the number of Trees which were found to be found, and the number which were found to be defective in each month.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account Shewing the Sums of Money which have been advanced as Loans by the Navy Board to Timber Merchants, since 15th May 1804; speCifying the times when such Loans were made, and the conditions thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account shewing the price of Timber in the King’s Yards ou the 18th of February 1801, and the advances which have been since made thereon; the advantages given by the alteration in the mode of measurement, and qualifications, to be shewn in money.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Reports which have been made to the Navy Board determined by the Officers of the Dock Yards, on examining the StetinTimber, which was used on His Majesty’s Ships some years since, by way of experiment, to ascertain its durability.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Report made by the Surveyors of the Navy to the Admiralty, on the 2d of August 1802, respecting the Foreign Timber which had been served into Deptford Yard by Mr. John Larking.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Contract or Agreement which has been made, since the 15th May 1804, by the Navy Board, with Mr. John Larking, lor the importation of Foreign Oak Timber:— Also, an Account shewing any other Allowances which are to be made to him on the said Timber, than are therein exp re fled, and the Sums of Money which have been advanced to him on account thereof.

And the said Motion was, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account shewing the number of Shipwrights, and also of Apprentices, employed in the Merchants Yards in Great Britain, according to the Returns made to the Admiralty in April 1804.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account shewing the Amount of the Tonnage of the Merchant Shipping of Great Britain on the ill of January 1804, distinguishing the Foreign from the built.

Ordred, That there be laid before this House, an Account liievving the number of Ships and Vessels, of each class, in the Royal Navy, and their tonnage; the Foreign built Ships to l»e dillinctly Hated, and those which have been built in Merchants Yards from those which have been built in the King’s Yards.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of ail Letters and Representations which have passed between the Admiralty and Navy Boards, and between those Hoards and the M atter Shipwrights of His Majesty’s Dock Yards, or any other persons, since 27th October 1803, on the subject of ihoaling the Shipwrights.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Letters which have patted between the Navy Board and the Matter Shipwrights of the several Dock Yards since itt June 1804, respecting the time when the Ships ordered to be built in His Majesty’s Yards can be completed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Statement shewing the 'number of Shipwrights that should build a Seventy-fonr Gun Ship, of 1730 tons, in one year, if they work three for one, and earn six shillings and three-pence per day, according to the prices established by the present scheme of Talk.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account shewing the number of Shipwrights borne in all VOL. 60. to

the Yards, on the 31 ft of December of each year, from. 1793 to 1804, inclusive; the film paid to them lor wages in each year 5 and the number of Ships of Seventy-four Guns, and 1730 tons, which the Aims so paid in each year would pay for the workmanship in building, according to the prices allowed by the present scheme of Talk.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of Ships which have been launched from His Majesty’s Dock Yards between ill January 1793 and 31ft December 1804.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Letter from the Navy Board to the Admiralty, dated 24th November 1802, inclosing the otter made by Mr. Brindley to build a Seventy-four Gun Ship and a Frigate.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of all the Ships of the Line which have been ordered to be built by contract from the year 1783, specifying the price per ton paid for them, after all abatements have been made, and the Aims of Money which have been since expended on them in each year, for Repair.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Persons who have been employed as Overseers to Ibips and vessels building by contract since the ill of January 1783; the names of the lliips and vessels building, and by whom, which each man had to inspect in each year, to be distinFtly Hated.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all additional Cknifes which have been made to the Contracts for building ships since 1.5th May 1804.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Statement shewing the defective or improper workmanship and materials which have appeared in His Majesty’s lliips Ajax and Achille; and the Amount of the several repairs

which they have received, and where:—Also a Statement of the Periods when they were launched, commissioned, and paid oth prior to August 1802.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Letter sent to the Admiralty by the Captain of His Majesty’s ship Ardent, dated the 28th of March

1804, on the subject of the Iron Bolts which had worked out of that ship.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the defects of His Majesty’s ship Ardent, which were sent to the Navy Board, and in consequence of which Hie wras paid off in April 1805; together with Copies of any' Representations from the Officers of Sheer ness- Yard to the Navy Board, Hating the number of short Bolts found in that lliip.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Sche-' dole of the prices for workmanship and materials, which the Navy Board agreed to pay the Merchant Builders for lliips ordered to be repaired by them, since ill June 1804, and against each article to be Hated the sum which it colls the Public in Deptford Yard.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Schedule of the prices delivered by the Merchant Builders to the Navy Board at the time they were in treaty to build ftiips of the line in January and February

1805, and against each article the price which it would cost in Deptford Yard to be Hated.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Statement to be made by the Officers of Yard,

liievving for what price per ton a Ship of Seventy-four Guns, and 1730 tons, could have been built in that Yard in January 1800 and 1805, according to the scheme of Talk for workmanship; and the Prices paid in that Yard for rough Oak Timber, and the other necessary materials, at the above-mentioned periods.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums paid for the Repairs of the Ships under-mentioned, and to whom such Sums were paid, in the years expressed against their Names, together with the Price which each of those Ships would have cost if built by contract, at the respective periods when each was repaired; but if no contracts had existed at the periods above alluded to, a fair valuation to be made from the Prices last paid before, and those paid next after each of

4 B t he

278 16° Mali. 1805.

the periods above-mentioned, for building Ships by con- to consider further of the Bill for the more efVeftual pre-tratt of nearly the fame tonnage: vention of Smuggling, be now read:—And the fame

being read;

Refo That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ord, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Sums received by the sale of old Stores. Sums received and for Droits of Admiralty, from the ift of January or St0res 1793, until the latest period to which the fame can be ordered, made up; and of the application of the said sums; dif* tinguiflung the payments made to persons concerned in the capture of Ships or Goods adjudged to be Droits of Admiralty, from the payment? made under other heads.

Ord, That the Order of the day, for the House to iriiH resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for amending an Act, passed ' in the Parliament of , in the 35th year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, so far as relates to Freeholds under the yearly value of twenty pounds, and for making further and other regulations relating thereto, be now read:

—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Year 1783 Boston - -

1784 Maidstone -

-----Southampton

•---Niger - -

—— Lizard - -----Pearl - -

1785 Carysfort -

1786 Loweftoffe -

1791 Boston - -

1792 Retribution

-----L’Aimable -

-----Tartar - -

-----Success

-----Ariadne

1793 Magicienne

-----Daedalus -

— Andromache -----Flora -

Ton*.

Guns.

Sums paid for Repairs.

£. s. d.

Sums which they would have colb new if built by contract.

jC. Sr <L

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the number of Line of Battle Ships and Frigates in Commission on ift of October 1801, not including those in Commission for Harbour Service.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account /hewing the number of Building Slips in each Dock Yard, stating the highest rate that each is capable of receiving, how occupied on 15th May 1804, and ift January 1805, and from what period so occupied.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Minutes and Proceedings of a Board of Admiralty which inspected the different Dock Yards and Victualling Department in the Months of July, August, September, and October 1802, together with a Letter written by the Board of Admiralty to the Navy Board, at the close of this inspection.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Letters, or Representations, from the Navy Board to the Admiralty, between ift October 1801, and 10th March 1803, recommending or submitting that any of His Majesty’s Ships, or Vessels, should be fold or broken up.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Oak Timber in /lore in the several Yards on the 31ft December 1800, 1801, 1802, and 1803, the Sided Timber to be distinctly Hated separate from the Rough, and the Foreign from the English.

Tuition A Petition of Daniel Delijle Brock, Esquire, one of the Smuggling Jurats of the Royal Court of the Island of on

Biit behalf of himseli, and also as the Deputy in this behalf

specially appointed by the States of the said Island, at a meeting of the said States on the 2d day of January last, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for the more effectual prevention of Smuggling; and setting forth, That the provisions of the said Bill, if passed into a Law, and enforced in the said Island, will in many particulars prove highly oppressive and injurious to the people of the said Island: And therefore praying, in behalf of himself and of the States and people of the said Island, That he and they may be heard, by their eounfel, agents, and witnesses, against such parts of the said Bill as may affect the said Island of Guernsey, and that the fame may not pass into a Law, as it now Hands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is re-committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by his eounfel, agents, and witnesses, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit

Preventioif of Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House

smuggling, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

tlcferrcd.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House Commkt« to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to appoint Commissioners to enquire and millioners to examine into the Public Expenditure, and the conduct of Public Business in the Departments therein mentioned; ExpenditL*. and to report such observations as shall occur to them for correcting or preventing any Abuses and Irregularities, and for the better conducting and managing the business of the said Departments, be now read And the same being read; the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- * ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, Naval com* made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities, frauds, or abuses, which are or have been practised by persons employed in the " several Naval Departments therein mentioned, and in the business of Prize Agency; and to report such ob-" fervations as shall occur to them for preventing such " Irregularities, Frauds, and Abuses; and for the better " conducting and managing the bufine/s of the said De-«* partments, and of Prize Agency in futurebe now read:—And the fame being read;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the ingossed Bill for the more easy ob-taining partition of Lands subject to ascertained Rights of^ition of of Common in Ireland, be read the third time To- Lands,

a- deferred*

morrow.

Mr. Fofier presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for collecting the Duties on Spirituous Liquors distilled in Ireland, ana regulating the Trade of a Distiller; and the warehou/ing of such Spirits for exportation:

45 Geo. III.

16° Mail

27 9

tntion: -And the fame was received; and read the first Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Retime. port was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a fccoud time consideration Tommorrow fe veil night, the 24th day of

property

Patios Bill# passed.

Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrollecl Bill to repeal certain parts of an Act, made in the 43d year of llis present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, and to confo-

this instant May.

Ordered, That' the said Bill, as amended, be printed, for the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third land Tax reading of the ingrossed Bill for appointing Commission- cfr"‘j!'j ers for putting into execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting to His Majesty

lidate and render more effectual the provisions for col- a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in

lefting the said Duties, be now read :—And the fame being read ;—the said Bill was read the third time.

An ingrossed Clause was otiered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, That nothing in the Act contained shall extend to refrain persons in trade from deducing lotfes sustained by them in other concerns.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Quell ion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to he added to

England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1S05; and an Act, made in the 38th year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to he raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year 1798, be now read :—And the lame being read; the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting into execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for con-

the Bill, by way of Ryder, for authorizing the Commis- tinning and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions,

sioners to a dels the Bank, for their profits, under Schedule (D.)

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by nav of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 33. To leave out " fourth of a."

Pr. 48. 1. 28. At the end of the line, to insert, " Pro-" v it led also, that the Profits arising " from any Manor or Royalty as afore-" laid, which shall extend into different Parishes, may be assessed in " one Account in the Parish wdiere " the Court for such Manor or Royalty " lb all have been ufua'ly held: Provided also, that the Profits arising from all Fines received by the fame

Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuffi in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and five; and an Act, made in the thirty-eighth year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the vear one thousand seven

7 %/

hundred and ninety-eight.

Ordered, That Air. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Resolved, That this House n il!, Tommorrow, resolve Bill for itself info a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making more effectual provision the supplying jreimd of Cities and Market Towns in Ireland with Water. "'ifh vvvner,

deferred.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for repealing so much Shfc Duty of an Act, made in the 34th year of His present Majesty,

<e person. Body Politic or "Corporate, as exempts Slate, the value whereof shall not exceed or Company, may be alfelfed in one twenty shillings per ton, brought coastwise within " Account,"where t he person or persons Britain, from the Duty thereby granted, be read the

" to be charged under the regulations third time Tommorrow.

Bill,

cfeferied.

" of this Act shall reside.’

Pr. 73. 1. a8. After "Profits" to insert "of Manors " or Royalties or. "

1. 30. After "Annual," to insert "orcafual." And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to repeal certain parts of an Act, made in the forty-third year of His present Majesty, for granting a contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Pro-iellions, Trades, and Offices, and to consolidate and render more effectual the provisions for collecting the said Duties.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Fords, and desire their concurrence.

'^oramin^d ^le ^0u^e> according to Order, resolved itself into a S'l'for the Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty’s Navy.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alex tender took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, ^'hen the House will pleafa to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had dhefted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the VOL.60.

'-neon rage-ment of Seamen,

ported.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve irelanJ_

itself' into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Spirituous Bill for regulating Licences for the sale of Spirit uous Lienees Bill, Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, by retail, and for deferred, discouraging the immoderate use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland.

Befolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, Ireland— resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon StPDutie3 the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional deferred. Stamp Duties, for amending the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties, and for indemnifying persons who have acted as Notaries Public, without being duly licensed, in Ireland.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for making perpetual wtne Duties certain additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported Bill, into Great Britain, granted by two Acts, palfed in the deftTred*

43d and 44th years of His present Majesty, be read the third time Tommorrow.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tommorrow Me of Man sevennight, the 24th day of this instant May, resolve Jr?de Bill> itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the clerrtd‘

Bill for regulating and encouraging the Trade, for the improvement of the Revenue, and prevention of Smuggling to and from the Ijleof Man.

Ordered, That the Bill to amend an A a, made in the Bill to amend

9th year of King George the First, for amending the Laws n:e B«or

relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the jS.

Poor, be read a second time Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

1

Royal Assent to Bills.

280

17° Mali.

A. 1805.

Veneris, J 7° die Mau; ,

Anno 45® Georgii III'*1 Regis, 1805. Prayers.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Yeoman Ulherof

the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned > and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, their Royal Highnesses the Duke of York, the Duke of Clarence, the Duke of Kent, the Duke of Cum-

berland, the Duke of Suffer, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord Walfingliam, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as. followeth; viz.

An Act for raising the fund of One million five hundred thou fund pounds, by way of Annuities, for the service of Ireland:

An Act to amend the Laws for improving, and keep-in repair, the Port: Roads in Ireland, and for rendering the conveyance of Letters by His Majesty’s Poll Office more secure and expeditious:

An Act for restraining the negociation of certain Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange in Ireland:

An Act to extend the provisions of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for preventing the counterfeiting of certain Silver Coin issued by the Banks of England and Ireland respectively, to Silver Pieces which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, called Tokens, and to promote the circulation of the said Tokens:

An Act for confirming the Charter, and enlarging the powers of the Incorporation of the Officers of Excise in Scotland:

An Act for the preservation of Salmon and other Fish in the Rivers in the County of Carmarthen and County of the Borough of Carmarthen:

An Act for erecting and maintaining a Harbour, Docks, and other Works, at Ar dr off an, in the County of

An Act for raising a further sum of Money for the Improvement of the Harbour of Leith:

An Act for the making, repairing, lighting, watching, and watering, certain Roads from the Borough of Fly-mouth to Stonehouse Bridge and Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon, and for regulating the Stands and Fares of Hackney Coaches and Carts using the fame.

An Act for altering, amending, and consolidating, several Acts for repairing Turnpike Roads in the County dur, lor repairing other Roads therein, and for making more effectual the Statute Labour in the said

County: . , ...

An" A ft for continuing the term and altering the

powers of so much of two Acts, made in the twelfth and

rhirty-second years of His present Majesty, as relate to

the Road from Ingliston Bridge, by Biggar to Leadhills,

and to the confines of the County of Lanark, and for

making and maintaining a continuation of the said Road from Dolphinlon to the confines of the County of Edinburgh:

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the thirty-second year of his late Majesty, and in the seventh year of 11 is present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Nottingham Trent Bridge, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act to continue and amend two Acts, passed in the second and twenty-fourth years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Castle Street, at the end of the Town of Hinckley, to Lutterworth Town’s-end, and from the Guide Post at WVcv/Town’s-eud, in the County of Leicester, to the eighty milelione in Welford Field, in the County of Northampton:

An Act to enlarge the term and powers of two Acts, passed in the second and twenty-fourth years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the Turnpike Road at or near Swindon, to Marlborough, and from Marlborough to Ever ley, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for enabling Thomas Barrow, Esquire, and the person and persons for the time being respectively entitled to the Freehold in possession of and in the Moiety of certain Estates in Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, under the Will of William Barrow, deceased, to grant and convey the fame Moiety in fee Ample for building upon, or otherwise improving the same, reserving rents, or to make building leases thereof; or to join with the Owner or Owners for the time being, of the other Moiety thereof, in making such grants and conveyances or leases respectively:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Towntliip and Manor of Frizington, in the Parish of Arlecdon, in the County of Cumberland:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sudborne, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Fareham, in the County of Southampton:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Gillingham Saint Many, Gillingham All Saints, Winston, and Windell, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in the County of Worcester:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stilton, in the County of Huntingdon:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Blidworth, in the County of Nottingham:

An Act for inclosing the Commons called The Perth, and Neio Marton Common, in the Parish of Ellesmere, in the County of Salop:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Cranford Saint John, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Milverton, in the County of Warwick:

An Act for naturalizing Henry John Rucker:

An Act for naturalizing John Guy Gautier, John Lewis Frederick Gautier, and Dennis Benjamin Charlery:

An Act for naturalizing Hemy Huguenin:

An Act for naturalizing Schxveickhcrt Schiceickhert:

An Act for naturalizing Matews Thomas Francis Ilommey:

An Act for naturalizing John Henoch Christian Dege.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. Day ap-That the ingrossed Bill to empower the Justices of the ^'dreading Peace within the Division or Hundred of Salford, in the of Lancafta County Palatine of Lancaster, to raise a Salary to be paid Ju*t‘ces to the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions for the said Hundred, be now read the third time.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the word " now," and at the end of the Question, to add the words " upon Monday sevennight,

" the 27th day of this instant May."

And the Question being put. That the word " now,"

Hand part of the Question;

The House divided.

9 The

45 Geo. III. 17° Mail 281

The Yeas went forth.

fMr. Stanley, 1

Tellers for the Yeas,'<Mr. Blackburne of Lan-> 38.

( cashire: }

for the No«.: }

So it palfed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the words " upon " Monday sevennight, the 27th day of this instant May," be added at the end of the Question;—It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to empower the Justices of the Peace within the Division or Hundred of Salford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to raise a Salary to be paid to the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions for the said Hundred, be read the third time upon Monday sevennight, the 27th day of this instant May.

Report of Sir John Steioart reported. That he had, according to Mtflage to Order, been at the Lords, to desire that their Lordships lefotfting will give leave to the Earl St. Vincent to come to the Earl Select Committee of this House, upon matters contained ». Vincent. jn t^e several Papers relating to the Repairs of His Majesty’s ffiips the Romney and Senfble, while under the

command of Sir Home Popham, in order to be examined at that Committee •, and that their Lordships gave for answer, that they would fend an answer by MelTcngers of their own.

petition from A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders ‘ of the County of Norfo'k,convened by the High Sheriff Tenth Report the said County, at the Castle at Norwich, in the Shire-on Naval house there, on Tuesday the 14th day of May 1805, was En<lulry' presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners beg leave to express their gratitude to the House, for the steps which they have already taken towards the detection and punishment of those servants of the Crown, wrho have defied the Laws, broken their trull, and applied enormous sums of the Public Money to their own corrupt purposes of emolument and power; and that, in the name of a loyal and suffering People, the Petitioners implore the House not to relax in their exertions; they intreat them to consider, how patiently the Petitioners have seen Millions added to Millions of the National Debt, the rapid advance in every article of consumption, their burthens encreasing, and their means of bearing them diminiffiing, in the just hope that. While engaged in extensive wars, what they contributed with | cheerfulness would be applied with fidelity, and as the

! Law expressly directed; and that, faithful to Their first

duties, the House. have recorded, by the Resolutions of the 8th and 10th of April, that the People of England have been grossly wronged by Lord Melville; and the Petitioners humbly represent to the House, the necessity of effectually protecting the Nation against future depre-. dations: And therefore praying the House, First, to in-veftigate and fist to the bottom the remaining charges of 1 abuse in the application of the Public Money, cont ained

in the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry: Secondly, to examine minutely into the nature of those irregularities brought to light in the Eleventh Report of the said Commissioners, and likewise whatever may appear culpable or suspicious in any of their future Reports: Thirdly, to institute immediate and rigorous enquiries into the Expenditure of every other Department of Executive Government; and that in performing these acts of necessary and expefled justice, the Petitioners are persuaded, that the House w ill take no other guides than its own wisdom and refe>lution; and that, 1 W’amed by the example of detected guilt, and awake to

the frauds which have been practised upon their own facility, as well as upon the Public purse, the House will perceive the necessity of resorting to those principles, Which prevailed in the better days of our Constitution, and of acting upon a lyftem of vigilance and jealously, in preference to one of blind and implicit confidence in Ministers.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lio Upon the Table.

A Petition of the House of Keys, of the Isle And also, the Duke of

A Petition of several Inhabitants and Proprietors of Atholi: Estates within the Isle of Man; House of

Were severally presented to the House, and read; ey*' setting forth. That the People of Man not being *fletant* represented in Parliament, the Petitioners hope, of Man. that when a measure affecting them and their posterity is introduced into the House, they may be deemed peculiarly entitled to its protection; and that the centrical position of the Isle, and the comparatively low rate of Duties paid to the feudal Lord, made the Isle the place of deposit for contraband goods for the purpose of clandestine conveyance to the neighbouring coasts— . the privilege of subordinate sovereignty being thus abused, by which the feudal Lord benefited equally with the Trader, the necessity of re-ac-qulring it became obvious; and the Treasury Was therefore authorized, in the year 1726, to purchase the Isle from the then Proprietors: In the year 1735 the Atholi family became possessed of the Isle; and from that time it would feefn that the Proprietors expected to fell, until the year 17 65,when the bargain was concluded between the Treasury and the then Duke and Duchess of Atholi, for JJ. 70,000, the sum asked by the Noble Proprietors; and that this bargain received the function of Parliament; and besides the price required, His Majesty was pleased, as an act of gracious bounty* to bestow on the Duke and Duchess a pension of £. 2,000. a year upon the Irish Establishment; and that the late Duke of Atholi surviving this sale about nine years, made no complaint of inadequacy of price; and the prefetit Noble Petitioner, for sixteen years after the death of the late Duke, although the House have witnessed other measures on his part designfed to act’efft the Isle, yet no difedvery appears to have been made of this alledged inadequacy; and that in the year 1790 a Bill, affirming the possibility of this inadequacy, was, indeed, laid before the House, but it was afterwards withdrawn; and that in the year 1801 application was made to His Majesty for further compensation, which was referred to the Privy Council, and by them to the then Attorney and Solicitor General, whose report, and that founded on ex parte evidence, the Petitioners have reason to believe was against this claim; the Petitioners, then, viewing this compact between parties, in stations so ele-* vated, thus deliberately and advisedly made, thus solemnly ratified, thus long acquiesced in, thus confirmed by the acceptance of additional Royal Bounty, which has already doubled the price demanded, do most humbly enquire, if such a compact, forty years after its completion, be suffered to be questioned, what then is sacred and binding between man and man ? and that the Revenue of the Island has been greatly increased within these few years, by additional Duties laid on Importations by the tlritish Parliament at the recommendation of the Duke of Atholi, and with, a view, as it now appears, to the present appli* cation. If this increased Revenue is to be made subject to a Rent-charge payable to his Grace, the Petitioners cannot consider these additional Duties in any other light than a direct Tax on the People for his Grace’s private advantage: And therefore praying. That they may be heard by their counsel, against the imposing on the Revenue of the Isle of Man any hereditary Rent-charge or other burthen in favour of the Duke of Atholi.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered , to lie upon the Table.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Ireland— Parliament of Ireland, in the 5th year of His present ®l1' reiPtfl>r'g Majesty, intituled, "An Act for erecting and establilli-

4 C " ing

A. 1805.

282

17° M

<l ing Public Infirmaries or Hospitals in this Kingdom," might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render more effectual the said Act: And that Lord Vifcouht CaJUereagh, Mr. Nicholas Vunjittart, Mr. Foster, and Sir John Newport, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Return of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, A Militia Men, Return of the private Militia Men, Serjeants, and Cor-ordered. porals, who may have volunteered into His Majesty’s Regular Forces under the late Act; specifying the Numbers that have volunteered from each Regiment of Militia vespectively, together with the Numbers required from each; and classed under the following Heads of Service, viz.The marching Regiments of the Line, the Guards, the Royal Artillery, and Royal Marines.

Bill to Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the missioneri'to' Committee- of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enquire into appoint Commissioners to enquire and examine into the the Public Public Expenditure, and the Coinjuft of Public Business reported1!'1"’ in the Departments therein mentioned, and to report such observations as shall occur to them for correcting or preventing any Abuses and Irregularities, and for the better conducing and managing the business of the said Departments, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Commissioners shall not be compelled to enquire into Abuses vhich no longer exist.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Tuesday next

Bill t# Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the continue Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to mMRonm* continue, for a time to be limited, an Act, made in the Art, 43d year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for w^q^utted. " appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into ‘ " any Irregularities, Frauds, or Abuses, which are or * have been practised by Persons employed in the feve-" ral Naval Departments therein mentioned, and in the " business of Prize Agency; and to report such obfer-* vations as shall occur to them, for preventing such " Irregularities, Frauds, and Abuses; and for the better " conducting and managing the business of the said De-" partments, and of Prize Agency in future," was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

; And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

• Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

- * Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have power to amend the said Act.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve

itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Sill, The House accordingly resolved itself into the said

ooiiiidered. Committee.

Mri Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuined the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House wrill please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said report*. Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where th» Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fe-Verally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Curate resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Ilouf % to Rc!;d,jr-te consider further of the Bill for encouraging the Residence defend, of Stipendiary Curates on their Cures, be now read:

—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House wall, upon Tuesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ireland— to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Committee01 upon the Bill for regulating Licences for the sale of Spiri-tuous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, by retail. Licences Bill and for discouraging the immoderate use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, be now read:—And the fame being read ;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^ays an<i

lafim&ion.

Mcnni»

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read:—And the fame being read;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House wrill, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to /i-hn b;u consider further of the Bill for amending an Act, passed E e 10 in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 35th year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Election "of Members to serve in Parliament, so far as relates to Freeholds under the yearly" value of Twenty Pounds, and for making further and other regulations relating thereto, be now read:—And the fame being read;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir

1

45 Geo. III. 17’Mail.

Sir William Burroughs took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Burroughs reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill* and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, noorted. Sir William Burroughs accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further confederation upon Wednesday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, be printed, for the Members of the House.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Bill for to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Pb«finS upon the Bill for making more effectual provision for the Ireland supplying of Cities and Market Towns in Ireland with with Water, be now read:—And the fame being read;—the

House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Burroughs took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Burroughs reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report' be received upon Monday next.

Wand— Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third-Pirtitiantf reding of the ingrafted Bill for the more easy obtaining buds. Partition of Lands subject to ascertained Rights of Common in Ireland, be now read:—And the fame being read; the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for the more easy obtaining Partition of Lands luhjeft to ascertained Rights of Common in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

BnaKhii* A Bill for amending an Act, pasted in the 3 2d year of committed ^'s present Majesty, for repairing or rebuilding the Pier adjoining to the Harbour of Broadfiairs, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Jlenniker, Sir William Geary, &c.: And they are to nieet this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

" for better governing, maintaining, and employing, the " Poor of the parish of Saint Pancras in the County of " Middlesex, for providing a new Workhouse for the

" use of the said Parish, for appointing Collectors of the " Rates, and for other purposes therein mentioned;" and for making more effectual provision for those and other purposes; was read the third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 11. 1. 8. After " Meeting," to insert

" Adjournment, Notice in writing,

" or printed, with the name of the " Clerk affixed, shall be left for each " Director at his usual place of abode,

* two days at least before such next " meeting."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the 44th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better go-" veming, maintaining, and employing, the Poor of the " Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex,

" for providing a new Workhouse for the use of the said " Parish, for appointing Collectors of the Rates, and for " other purposes therein mentioned;" and for making more effectual provision for those and otiier purposes.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Theophilus Metcalfe do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander be added to the Gentle- Member men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, jjrin^in* pursuant to the prayer of the Petition of the several Har Owners of Estates in the Parish of llarmondsworth, in b;j1

the County of Middlesex.

Mr. Alexander presented to the House, according to Bi,< Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Har-

viondfioorth, in the County of MiddlefeAnd the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander be added to the Gentle- Member men, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the 13th year of Bin to amend His present Majesty,.for regulating the Turnpike Roads Turnpike in England, as relates to the recovery of the Penalties Road‘Aa' thereby imposed on persons driving waggons, having the fellies of the wheels of less breadth than six inches, on Turnpike Roads, with more than four horses.

Mr. Alexander presented to the House, according to Bill,

Order, the said Bill: And the fame was received; and presented. read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time. "*

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

r s^iowr An ingrafted Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of °p£eBl11’ Swallmo, the County of Lincoln, was read the third

iifrPanent

w Bill, patted.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do make the Report London Dock from the Committee, to whom the Bill to alter and Co^nys time. amend an Act, pasted in the 40th year of His present reported.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and "dag31" to the Bill; viz. other Works, for the greater accommodation and security

Pr. 40. 1. 19. After " Lands," to insert " Also save of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port and except the said Rector, and the of London, and for extending the powers and provisions said Charles Lord Yarborough, and of the said Act; was re-committed, each of them, for and in respect of Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said the Allotments to be made in lieu of Committee; That the Committee had made several other the said Rectorial Tythes." Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed to be And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put reported to the House; and he read the Report in his thereupon, agreed toby the House; and the Bill was place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend* amended at the Table accordingly.' ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, read.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Swallow, in Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed, to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved. That the Resolution, which iaiimOion.

was i

the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That the Lord Hennilter do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for repealing an Act made in the 44th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act Vol 60.

i ft

Grand June* tion Canal Company* Bill, Sported.

Pyrford

Inclosfarc-BilU

reported.

Kennet and Avoi* CanM Bill, presented.

Dulwich Indoiure Bill reported.

284

17° M

A.1805:

\^as y£ft£Wlay reported from the Coririnittee of the whole Home, tb whorri it was referred to considerof the Report which was rriade from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Freemen and Commonalty, of the Mystery of Vintners of the City of LohdUn, under their riomirton seal, Wris referred, might be again read -And the fame was, as agreed to by the House, tead accordingly, and is as followeth; viz.

* Resolved, That the Provisions contained in an Act, passed in the 40th year of His present Majesty, " for " makifig Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, lt for the greater accommodation and security of Ship-" £»ng, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of * Ldndariarid also in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for warehousing Goods within the limits " of the said Docks," for making compensations to the Vintners, Porters, and others, in respect to the injury, lbfr, or damage; they might sustain by the Works thereby directed to be carried oil; be extended to the Matter, Wardens, and freemen and Commonalty of the Mystery of Vintiiert of the City of London'

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have power to make provision in the said Bill, purlUant tb the said Resolution.

been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their content to the Bill} to the satisfaction of the Committee; atld that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made feverbl Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to 1-eport to the House• and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

r^'

*, r r.

:r ft

fir! Cl f -

k/: £ ru»i>

Mr. Prided reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for altering, amending, and enlarging tile powers of certain AftS, for making and maintaining the Grand' Jwl&idn Canal, Was re-committed; That the Committee bad made fevferal other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place arid afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report Was read.

Ordered, That the said RepOrt do He upon the Table.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to whoifi the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor of ford, in the Parishes of Pyrford and or one of

them, in the County of Surrey, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Proprietors of lands and common rights in the Parish of Horsell, in the County of Surrey, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee hail considered the said Petition, and had examined Hie Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had giveh their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of property assessed to the land tax at j£. 23. 17s. who refused to sign the Bill; and also the Owners of property assessed at <£. 20. 95. 1 d. who were neuter; and that the whole of the property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the land tax at 269. us. 1 d.)-, artd that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterw ards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That' the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Sir Charles R&fs reported from the Committee, to whom Ross, &c. the Bill for act'efling the Proprietors of Lands in the ^oa<^>^11* County of Poss, and such parts of the Counties of Cro- report marty and Naim as lie in the said County of Ross, towards the expence of making and supporting such Roads arid Bridges therein as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act, passed in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, was committed; and to Whom the Petition of Hugh Rose, of Glafmhick,

Esquire, was referred \ That the Committee had heard Counsel in support of the said Petition; and hud examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through' the Bill, and made several Amendrtients thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he. read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Artiendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon- the Question severally put thereupon, Were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, writh the Amendments, be ingrossed.

."S:

:3A&

b':

A Bill to explain arid amend art Act, passed in the 33d CMHeion year of his late Majesty, for regulating the proceedings Courts Ban* m personal Actions in the respective Courts Baron of the committed. Hundred of High Peak, and Manor of Cajlleton, in the Corinty of Derby; and for extending the powers of the said Courts; \vas read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Augustus Henry Cavendish, Mr. Mundy, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

a Bin for inclosing Lands , in the Hamlets of ciidmorton, vtorton and Flagg, in the Parish of Bakcivell, in the *c-County of Derby, was read a second time. committed.1

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Frederick, Lord Augustus Heni*y , &. c.: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

ingrossed.

Mr. Charles Dvndas presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon Canal Navigation to complete the same, and for altering and enlarging the powers of the several Acts passed for making the said Canal: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 3d and 24th years of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from or near the North fide of the Town of To/nes towards A/hburton and other places, in the County of Devon, and for building a Bridge at or near a place called Emmett, across the River Dart, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Frederick, Mr. William Adams, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Totnes Roads Bill.

committed.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands iii the Manor of Dul-tvich, in the C ounty of Surrey, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander be added to the Gentlemen, Who Are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a

bring ia

Bill for inclosing Lands in the Townflrips of Ryerfgreen Bycrigr«o and Old Park, in the County of Durham.

Moor Inclosure Bill*

Mr. Alexander presented to the House, according tb Bin, Order, the said Bill: And the fame was received; and Presente read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be re?d a second time.

5

285

45 Geo. Ill*

17°—20" Mail.

]>v ap-

*,i, *ti

‘« C . !K-

r.i <r'n: 'f

jihrjhf

i*U.

T'ltrl of

ft- ."Oise's

tu.tte Bill,

ICttd.

Or^re /, That the Bill for making, and keeping in repair, a Carriage Road, to branch out of the Turnpike Road leading from She field to P'nijlov, at the Township of Wadjlev in the West Riding of the County of York,

to join, in the Township of Lin the said Riding* the Turnpike Road leading from Done after to Salter s iirook; be read a second time upon Wednesday next.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in new Trustees the real Estates, in Ireland, of the Right honourable Walter Earl of Ormonde and which have not been sold or disposed of, under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed by the Parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the sale of com-" petent parts of the real Estates of the Right honour-« able John Earl of Ormonde, and the Honourable Walter

« Bnt'er, commonly called Lord Viscount , his

* eldell foil and heir apparent, for the payment of debts,

« charges, and incumbrances afiefting the fame, and for «* settling such part and parts thereof as shall not be fold " for the purposes aforesaid, and for other purposes;" was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

JLuncc, 20° die Man;

Anno 45° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

AM R. Morgan preferited to the House, according to JL Order, a Bill for building a Bridge over that part of the River Rumney, which divides the Parish of Rumney pl£ e" ‘ in the County of Monmouth, and the Pari 111 of Roath in the County of Glamorgan: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer have leave of Absence for Love of six weeks, on account of his health.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for establishing a new Church or Chapel at Blue-

Ab/ence.

Lords Amendments to Lanover L. ape] Bill,

Committee

on Acts relating to hie Revenues ot Ireland, deterred*

Supply,

dcitrred*

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Acts made ill the Parliament of Ireland, in the 13th and 14th, 36th, 37th, 38th, 39th and 40th years of His present Majesty, and an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, relating to the Revenues, Trade and Fisheries of Ireland;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ireland*—

The Order of the day being read, for the second rea^’n? of Bill for collecting the Duties on Spirituous Liquors distilled in Ireland, and regulating the trade of a Distiller, and the warehousing of such Spirits for exportation;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second tune upon Monday next.

Sate Duty Bill, jwfed,

The ingrossed Bill for repealing so much of an Act,

made in the 34t h year of His present Majesty, as exempts Slate, the value whereof shall not exceed twenty /hillings per ton, brought coastwise within Great Britain, from the Duty thereby granted; was, according to Order, read the third time.

vavon, in the Parish of Lanover, in the County of Mon- agreed to. month.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 20. Leave out " passing of this Act, " and & 21.3 insert " Deed herein after mentioned " shall be executed in manner herein-" after directed."

Pr. 10. 1. 10. Leave out from " happen" to the end of the Clause, and insertClause "A."

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted, That the " said Annuity, Yearly Rent Charge

" or Sum of twenty pounds dial I also * by Deed indented under the Hands " and Seals of the said Thomas Hill,

' " and Samuel Hopkins, or their Heirs,

*{ be well and effectually secured to, and veiled in, the Lord Bishop for "the time being of -fa d, and hi sSuccessors, in tmft for "the Minister or Chaplain for the " time being of the said Church or " Chapel, payable at the days and *c times and by the proportions and " in manner aforesaid, by, out of, and " chargeable upon the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be in the said Deed particularly mentioned and described; and such " Deed, when duly executed, shall "be delivered to, and deposited with,

" the Register of the Consistory tc Court of the Bishop of Landaff " aforesaid."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put,

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

&C.

Inclosure Bill}

committed*

ftmebatiej

Bill,

leicrred.

•'■I to amend the Poor Laws, deierred.

Resolved, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title be, ome, were, upon me w

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the W!e * , , r

34th year of His present Majesty, as exempts Slate, the _ Ordered, That Mr. Morgan do carry the Bill to the value whereof shall not exceed twenty /hillings per ton. Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed brought coastwise within Great Britain, from the Duty Amendments made by their Lordships.

thereby granted.

‘ ~ A Bill forinclofwg T^nds in the Parishes of FqfA/al-m Mailing,

ling and Tefton, in the County of Kent, was read a second time.

The other Orders of the day being read; Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for making perpetual ^‘r W Geary, &c.: And they are to meet this certain additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported Afternoon, in the Speaker s Chamber, into Great Britain, granted by two Acts, passed in the

----- - - a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint st. Mary,

Mary on the Hill, in the County Palatine of Chester, was Metier read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Egerson,

Air. Cholmondeley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

43d and 44th years of His present Majesty, be read the third time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Qth year of King George the First, for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the Poor, be read a second time upon Wednesday

InclosureEiil,

committed*

next

, , , , o , , , A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Broadmaine,

An then the House adjourned till Monday in the County of Dorset, was read a second time.

Morning next. Ten of the clock.

Vol 60,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ashley, Mr. Francis John Browne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

4 A Bill

com mi Led*

Mirk field and Whitwick Raid Bill, commuted.

Melton Mowbray Road Bill, pakld.

Member

added to brine; in Eau Brink, &:c.

Drainage Bill.

Bill,

presented.

Nevr

AI re s ford Inciodire Bill, committed.

Graham’s Estate Bill, reported, and passed.

Hinckley and Coventry Road Bill, passed.

286

: 20° Ma

A. 1805.

A Bill for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts, passed in the 3Dth year of His late Majesty, and in the 23d year of I lis present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Markfield Turnpike to the Road leading from Ixmgh-borough to Ashby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of

was read a feeoud time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Isgh Sir Edmund Cradock Hartolrp, &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

and twenty-ninth years of his late Majesty, and in the second year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Hinckley in the County of I.eieefer, to the Tow n of Nuneaton in the County of Warwick, and from thence to B{/hop's Gate in the City of Coventry.

Ordered, That Mr. Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

, An ingrolfed Bill for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Melton in the County of Leicester, to the Guide Post in Haitit Margaret's Field Leicester, and another Road therein mentioned, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more eft’eftually repairing and improving the Road from Melton Mowbray, in the County of Leicester, to the Guide Post in Saint. Margaret's Field Leicester, and another Road therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Lcgh Keck do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. William Henry be added

to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the 35th year of His present Majesty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, part of the Great Level of the Tens called Bedford Level, and certain Iwnv Lands adjoining or near thereto, and to the River O ire, in the County of Norfolk; and for improving the Navigation of the said River from or near a place called Eau Brink to the Harbour of King’s Lynn; and for improving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze.

Mr. Felloives presented to the House, according to Order, the said Bill: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Nezo ford, in the County of Southampton, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shazo fevre, Sir William lleathcote, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Macdozoall reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling and securing certain parts and portions of the Lands and Barony of Gorthy, and others lying in the County of Perth, to and in favour of Thomas Graham, Esquire, of Ba ’.gozvan, and a certain series of heirs in fee tail, and in lieu thereof for veiling the Lands of Meckven, and others lying in the County of Perth aforesaid, in the said Thomas Graham, his heirs and assigns, in fee simple, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent. to the Bill, to the fat isf action of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Macdozoall do carry the Bill to the Ixmls; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingossed Bill to revive, continue, and enlarge the term and powers of three Acts, passed in the 27th and 29th years of his late Majesty, and in the 2d year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned; so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Hinckley to the Town of Nuneaton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to B{/hop's Gate, in the City of C oveutry, was read the third time.

ReJhived, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to revive, continue, and enlarge the term and powers of three Acts, passed in the twenty-feveuth.

Sir Robert Williames Vaughan reported from the Com- Faenol mittee, to whom the Bill for inclosing, embanking, drain- inciofurrBal, ing, and improving, certain Lands in the Township of ref>t,rted-Faenol, in the Parish of Tozvyn, in the County of Merioneth, w;as committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Land alfelfed to the Poor Rates at j£. 13 per annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Proprietors of Land allefled at 1, wrho declared themselves neuter; and that the whole of the property intended to be divided and inclosed, is assessed at 105; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and tiuit the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they , had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Q.uef-tion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

frr.ft

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Warin’* for naturalizing Nicholas Warin, was read a second time. Nat- Plll,l Resolved, That' the Bill be committed to Sir Robert comi,u Williames Vaughan, Mr. Baldwin, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of shirbum Shirburn, in the County of Oxford, was read the third IndofweBffl, time.

Resolved, That, the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Shirburn, in the County of Oxford.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manors or Townships chiMwatl of Great Woolfon. Little Woolton, and ChildwaH, in the Inclosure B>U, Pariiii of ChildzvaU, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, comnutte * was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed lo Mr. Stanley,

General Gascoyne, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition Powers to of John Duke of At ho/1 is referred,—and to whom the onDukeof Report of the Conmniliioners of Enquiry, relative to the Athoir* Isle of Man, made in the year 1792, and also all Accounts petlUon* respecting the Revenues of the said I lie, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, are also referred;—and who were inltrufted to take into their confederation all such parts of the said Report as relate to the collection and management of the Revenue of the said Isle, and likewise to examine into the receipts of the Revenue of the fame Isle, and the Disbursements thereout from the 5th of January 1791 to the 5th of January 1805, and into all balances in the hands of the Collectors or Receivers of the Revenues of the fame Isle, and to report their observations upon all such subjects to the House;

—and to whom the several Accounts and papers relating to the If e of Man, which have been presented to the House since the 26 th day of March lait; and also the

Account

45 Gf.o. III. .20 ' MailQS7

Account of the Amount of Duties received within the Ports of the Jjleof Man upon Imports and Exports between the 5th January 1798 and 5th January 1S04, which was presented to the House upon the 10th day of April, in the fail Session of Parliament, are also severally referred ;—have Power to report their proceedings, together with their observations and opinion thereupon, from time to time, to the House.

enrions ' A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Borough of rtetir? the Reading, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners beg Enquiry: leave to convey their sincere and hearty congratulations

Keying. to the House, on the Votes of the 8th and 10th days of April lad, respecting the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry: And they trull. That the House will continue to ferutinize, with unccafing perseverance, the several Reports that are or may be brought before them, and that they will bring forth to Public view and contempt all persons, however distinguished by rank or office, who shall have been guilty of peculation, embezzlement, or misapplication of Public property, and inflict on them such marks of cl i (grace, and such punishment, as will f.itisfy the expectations of an injured People, confidently with the wisdom and justice of the House.

Hertford. A Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Hertford, convened by the High Sheriff at Hertford, on Saturday 18th May 1805, and whose names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have received the Votes of the House, of the 8th and 10th days of April lad, with a satisfaction as great as have been their afio-nishment, indignation, and sorrow, at the gross and flagrant system of negligence and peculation which has been disclosed by the commissioners of Naval Enquiry; and, with a gratitude proportioned to the extensive security and important national advantages thence to be expedited, the Petitioners beg leave to date their firm conviction, that nothing can so much contribute to the happiness of the People, the fuceefs of the conted in which the Nation is engaged, and the ultimate tvell being of the Country, as a fydem of economy planned with prudence, adhered to with firnmefs, and conducted, in its details, with diligence, caution, and integrity; impressed as they are with this conviction, the Petitioners entreat the House to accept their grateful thanks for the enquiries which it has already indituted: To the further prosecution of the object above-mentioned, they earnefily pray the attention of the House, and beseech them to pursue with efiect, that which they have begun with so much honour, and that they will institute and persevere in a general fydem*of Enquiry which flia.ll be eo-extensive with the Abuses which may exist in the expenditure of the Public Money.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

sit so amend Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second

tSf ia reafling of the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made tierred. ’ in the 13th year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in England, as relates to the recovery of the penalties thereby imposed on persons driving waggons, having the fellies of the wheels of less breadth than six inches, on Turnpike Roads, with more than four horses, be now read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Palmer presented to the House, according to Jiii, Dtbt* Order, a Bill for the more speedy and easy recovery of tented. finall Debts in the City of Bath, and the Liberties thereof, the Pari 1I1 of Walcot, and the several pari (lies and places in the Hundreds of Bathforum and and the Liberties of Hampton and Claverton, and and

Amorill, in the County of And the fame was

received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Pattefondo make the Report f. om the Committee, to whom the Bill for melofing Lands in the Parish of Methwold, in the County of Norfolk, was

committed.

Mr. Pattefon accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills ofln-closure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Parties concerned had given their con font to the Bill, to the satis-faction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; und, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for veiling certain Estates comprized in the settlements A^,".rsn* executed on the marriages of Elizabeth, afterwards the Efla.e'llill. wife of John Fail of A/hbarnham^nA Theodr/ia, a forwards committed, the wife of Charles Boone, Esquire, in new Trustees, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr.

Mr. Legh K'-ck, &c.: A nd they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir William Bn "roughs, according to Order, reported Bill for

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the £!l>Plv",g

j Phcfs in

Bill for making more effectual provision for the supplyitig Ireland of Cities and Market Towns in Ireland wdth Water, was with Water, committed; the Amendments which the Committee had report made to the Bill, and which the}' had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill he read the third time Tomorrow'.

Ordered, That the several Reports, which were made Reports to this I louse in the year 1800 from the Committee, who committee were appointed to enquire into the (late of the Coal relative to Trade of this Kingdom, he referred to the Committee, appointed to enquire how far it may be expedient to allow London Coals to a limited extent to be brought to London by the by Canals. Grand Junction and Paddington Canals, upon Payment of the fame Rates and Duties to which Coals brought coastwise into the Port of London are nowr liable.

Ordered, That the Order of the day for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon London o<xk the Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the 40th °Bui!ny* year of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks,

Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater accommodation and security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for extending the powers and provisions of the said Act, be now read:—

And the same being read ;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Shaw Lefcvre took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Shan)Lefcvre reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; w inch they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

An

Buch a nan’s Eihte Bill, committed.

Report om In vvich Port Bill, further considered.

Claughton Moor Inclosure Bill] presented.

Motions for Accounts respecting tl High Court of Admiralty.

The Lords have agreed to

Hull Docks Bill.

Dopcke's Nat. Bill.

288 . 20°

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for exchanging part of the Fee Simple Estate of Sir Buchanan, Baronet, in the County of Northumberland.., for his settled Estates in the Counties of Bedford and Buckingham, was read a second time.

Befobed, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Wrot-teflaj. Sir George Douglas, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Motion being made, That the Report which, upon the ioth day of this inlumt May, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for improving and rendering more commodious the Port of in the County

t>f Suffolk, was committed; and which was then ordered, to lie upon the Table; be now taken into further consideration;

And the House being informed, that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the door to the Members of this House, upon Tuesday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to determined by the House: And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Blackburneof Lancashire, presented to the House,

according to Order, a Bill for inclosing a certain Tract ' or Parcel of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, called ClaiighfotiMoor, within and parcel of the Manor of Clairghton in Lonsdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for converting the fame into a Stinted Pa ft ure: And the fame was received; and read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That there be laid before this House, an Account of the 1 Salary, and all other Fees and Emoluments of the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, and all Outgoings therefrom, from 1798 to 1804, both incllifive; distinguishing each year, and specifying the different Funds from which such Salary, Fees, and Emoluments are derived;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Salaries, and all other Fees and Emoluments of the Registrar of the High Court of Admiralty, of the Court of Delegates and of Appeals, and all Outgoings therefrom, from 1798 to 1804, both, inclusive; distinguishing each year, and specifying the different Funds from which such Salary, Fees, and Emoluments are derived;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Salary and all other Fees and Emoluments of the Marshal of the High Court of Admiralty, and all Outgoings therefrom, from 1798 to 1804, both inclusive; distinguishing each year, and specifying the different Funds from which such Salary, Fees, and Emoluments are derived;

It passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into execution an Act, passed in the foi ty-second year of His present Majesty, for making additional Basons or Docks at Kingston upon Hull;without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Mail. J. 1805.

for naturalizing George James Dopcke; without any Amendment: And also, ti r j

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act. tav* passed for veiling several Messuages and Hereditaments in and Dukeof near Sheffield, in the County of York, and divers detached Norto,k's parts of the settled F.flates of the most Noble Charles £ltaUl5‘J-Duke of Norfolk, in Trustees, upon trust to fell; and to enable the said Charles Duke of Norfolk to enfranchise certain Copyhold and Customary Lands, parcels of certain Manors in the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and

Suffer, other parts of the said settled Estates; and for laying out the Monies aiding from such Sales and Enfraiichisements in the purchase of more convenient Estates, and for other purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the first Bill rout, time.

lhfolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the Account of

Office of the Chief Secretary for attended at the ^ime

door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the in House, pursuant to their order, prdemed.

An Account of the number and amount of the Stamps on Licences for killing Game in Ireland, from the i ft of January 1801 to the 5th of January 180^; distinguishing each year, as well as the different Comities.

And then he withdrew:—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to Appendix, this Volume. (No. 55.)

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Sum remaining unapplied of the Grant for. Naval Services for the year 1800, on the ift of September in that year:—Also, an Account of the Sums Services, actually paid for those Services in the months of Seplem- or ere ber, October, November, and December, in the same year:—And also, a like Account for the year 1801.

Mr. Hufkiffon presented to the House,—A Paper, Return

intituled, " Return to Orders of the House, dated the * 26th of April 1805, for Copies of the Orders given by and Flour i>y " the Lords of the Treasury to Claude Scott, Esquire, Mr. Scott,

* for the sale of Corn and Flour, and also for the sale of prclem

the Cargoes of the Neutral Vessels detained by the " Order of Government in the year 1795; and for " Copies of the Accounts of such Sales delivered by " Claude Scott, Esquire, to Government, and also of all " Accounts shewing when the Proceeds of those Sales " were paid to Government; and for Copies of the " Accounts of Corn and ldour sold by Claude Scott,

" Esquire, to Government, between the years 1795 and " 1800, and also of all Payments made by Government " to the said Claude Scott on account of such Sales —.

And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Paper be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Paper is inserted in the Appendix to Appendix, this Volume. 1 (No. 56.)

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third wine Duties reading of the ingrolTcd Bill for making perpetual certain additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported into Great c * Britain, granted by two Acts, passed in the 43d and 44th years of His present Majesty, be now read:—And the' fame being read;—the said Bill was read the third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, for allowing a Drawback of the Duties t« the Commanding Officers of His Majesty’9 Ships.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Befolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

6 An

45 Geo. III.

20° Mali.

289

An Act for making perpetual certain additional Duties of the whole ftoufe, to whom the Bill for granting to of Excise on Wine imported into Great Britain, granted His Majesty certain additional Stamp Duties, amend-by two Atits, passed in the forty-third and forty-fourth ing the? Laws relating to the Stamp Duties, and for inyears of His present Majesty; and to allow a Drawback demnifying persons who have acted as Notaries Public

of the said Duties to Admirals, Captains, and other Commi(honed Officers, for Wine confirmed on board His Majesty’s ships of war.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

without being duly licensed, in Ireland, is committed; that they have power to make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

SpaniHi Wine Duties Bill, WliiRV.Ucd.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to Ireland — provide more effectually for securing the coMfetion of the Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and on Paper printed acting of the Bill for charging the like Duties, and or stained in to serve for Hangings or other uses:

Bill for refill;

OmCC ot

P.ivnuitcr

Cfoer.i),

Ctish'ed.

road

allowing the like Dravvbacks of Customs, on Red

Wine imported into and exported from Great Britain, as are now charged and allowed on French Wine imported and exported, be now road:—And the fame being read ;—the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into

£olle£iioa

Bill,

ordered.

ding the further consideration, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the 23d year of His present. Majesty, for the belter regulation of the Office of the Pay mailer General of His Majesty’s Forces, and the more re^ u'ar Payment of the Army; and for the more eHeetually regulating the said Office; was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Wednesday next.

Report

Muiis.

Jumps,

&ion.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole I louse, to whom it was rferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raidin’- the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had diree'ed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, Thatit is the Opinion of his Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged, for and upon every (kin or piece of Vellum or Parchment, or (licet or piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Policy of A durance or Insurance, or any writing commonly so called, for insuring Houses, Furniture, Goods, Ware-, Merchuidize, or other property, from loss by Fire, in , a Stamp

Duty of one shilling Brill Pi currency.

Re/<Vm/, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, tow ards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged, for and upon any Assurance or Insurance, upon every fnm of j£. 100. and so in proportion for any greater or less sum, that is or shall be insured determined by any person or persons in or by any Policy of Insurance for infilling Houses, Goods, Furniture, Warohouses, Merchandize, or other property, from loss by Fire, in,

yearly, a Duty of Two Shillings and sixpence cur-

rency, in lieu of all other Duties now payable thereon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committf e, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged, for and upon every skin or piece of Vellum or Parchment, or fhect or piece of Paper, on which shall be ingrossed, written, or printed, any Draft or Order for the payment of any sum of money not exceeding Five Pounds British currency, on demand, payable to Bearer or otherwise, drawn upon any Bank or Banker, or person acting as a Banker, in Ireland, within ten miles of the place where such Draft or Order ifiall be actually drawn and issued, which shall be negotiated, or of which payment shall be required, at any time after the expiration of two days from the date thereof a Stamp Duty of Three Pence Britishcurrency.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the I louse.

Ordered, That it be an Infi ruction to the Committee Vql. 60.

And that Air. Fojier, Mr. Nicholas Air.

Ormfly, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to re- Ireland— gulate the Colle6f ion of the Duties on Fire Hearths, on Hearth Dutie* Dwelling Houses according to the number of Windows, on Coaches and other Carriages, on Male Servants, on Horses, and on Dogs, in Ire'and: And that the fame Gentlemen do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Collection

Bill,

ordered*

Ireland-*

Customs

Regulation

Bill,

ordered*

Ireland—

Revenues

Liquors, See. Licences Bill, reported.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill more effectually to regulate the colle6fion of the Duties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, imported and exported into or from Ireland, and the payment of Bounties, Allowances, and Drawbacks thereon: And that the lame Gentlemen do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate the management and colle6fion of ilis Majesty’s Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, by providing R<^'1'jatioa for the Commissioners of Customs there having the like ordered, powers as are by law given to the Commissioners of Import Excise; and by providing further for vesting in the said Commissioners of Customs the management of the Port Duties, and in the Commissioners of Inland Excise the management of certain Inland Duties: And that the fame Gentlemen do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Ireland— Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Spirituous regulating Licences for the sale of Spirituous Liquors,

Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, by retail, and for dif-eouruging the immoderate use of Spirituous Liquors in Ireland, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them was disagreed to, and the rest w ere, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was otlered to be added to the Bill, for directing the application of Penalties.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Questioti put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolli-d.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Wednesday next.

Mr. Fofter presented to the House, according to Order, Tretand— a Bill for the collection of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltster: And the fame was received; and read the iirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That, the said Bill be read a second time upon Thursday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That Air. Garland be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for inclosing lamds in the Parish of Great. Can ford, in the County of Dorset, and in the Town and County of the Canfoni, Town of Pool!

4 E Mr.

Collectioa Bill, presented.

Member ad-^ed to bring la Great

■290

20°—21" Mall.

A. 1805.

kill, Mr. Garland preferred to the House, according to

krefented. Order, the said Bill: And the fame was received; and

read the tirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Enford, &c. Mr. Penruddocke Wynprefen ted to the House, inclosure Bill, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the pre eiu . Tythings of Enford, and Fall Chfenbury, in the Pari ill of Enford, in the County of Wilts: And the fame.was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Hampton in

Arden Inclosure Bill, •ommitted.

Ireland— Stamp Duties Bill, deferred.

Ways and Means, deferred.

Committee on A$s relating to the Revenues of Ireland.

A Bill Tor inclosing Lands in the Manor of Hampton in Arden, in the County of Warwick, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Mordaunf,&c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to 11 is Majesty certain additional Stamp Duties, for amending the I^aws relating to the Stamp Duties, and for indemnifying persons who have aided as Notaries Public without being duly licensed, in Ireland:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next^ resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itfelfinto the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Acts made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 13th and 14th, 36th, 37th, 38th, 39th and 40th years of His present Majesty, and an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, relating to the Revenues, Trade, and Fisheries of Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come toa Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

of Petworth, in the County of and in the Parish of

Ealing, in the County of Southampton (parcel of the Estates entailed with the Castle and Manor of Arundel, by the A Ft. of Parliament made in the 3d year of the reign of King Charles the Firit) in Trustees, upon trull to fell, and for laying out the Monies in the purchase of a more convenient Estate; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their con font to the Bill, to the satis-fa6tion of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the I louse, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table :—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ilurjldo carry the Bill to the Lords; and.acquaint them, that this lloufe hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Hurfl reported from the Committee, to whom the Waii,'*

' ‘ ‘ ‘ ' Nat. Bill,

repo: ted, and ' pdil'eU.

Ken net an4 Avon

Canal Bill, commute.

Harmondi-worth Inclosure Bill, committed.

Supply,

deferred.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a' Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this I louse will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ireland— The other Order of the day being read ;—The Bill Distillery Bill, for collecting the Duties on Spirituous Liquors tliftilled commute . Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Distiller, and the warehousing of such Spirits for exportation; was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 21 Mail;

Anno 450 Georgii IIP" Regis, 1 So5. Prayers.

MR. Hurfl reported from the Committee, to whom ic uiui the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

A61 for veiling a Farm and Hereditaments in the Parish

Arundel Eitite Bill,

ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Warin, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, w ithout any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hurfl do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for enabling Ihe Company of Proprietors of the Kennet and Avon Canal Navigation to complete the same, and for altering and enlarging the powers of the several Acts palli d for making the said Canal, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Dundos of Berkffiire, Mr. George VanSec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of tcor/h, in the County of Midwas read a second time.

Refohnl, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Anderson, Mr. Ryng, &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

’ Mr. Chaplin reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Supra, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found, that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; (except the Owner of lands, and other property afteifed to the Land Tax at 8, w ho refused to lign the Bill; and that the whole property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure, is rated to the Land Tax at £.41. is. 10d.; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill;) and that the Committee had gone through Ihe Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the One ft ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the I louse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act horde* for naturalizing Chrifopher Lord:, was read a fhcond

time.

• llcfolvcdy That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin

12 Sir

Ma retain In Jufure v ported.

45 Geo. III.

21° Mail

291

Sir Joint tt ilh a in Andetfon,&c.: And they are to meet Mr. vn.bt.on, &c.: And they are to meet this After*

this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber. noon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Fun'lnm.&c. Sir Jacob Henry Alik}) presented to the House, aceord-incijiureBifi, jug to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of prsicuted. Great Fran/ham, Lillie F, and Norfji

in the County of Norfolk: And the fame was received; and read the tirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Cork and

lim click

JLoad £dl,

rtponct).

JUi'ditch Ciiaoel Bill) reported.

Lord Viscount Boyle reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better amending and repairing of the Road leading from the bounds of the Counties of Limerick and Cork, between the Towns of and Charkcilk, to the City of Cork, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the IJoufe; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Mordauntreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for building a Chapel in the Hamlet of Bedditch, in the Parish of 7'ardehigg, in the Counties of and Wandck, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had direct cd him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fe-veraflv put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for aftefting the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Ross, and such parts of the Counties of Cromarty and Nairn, as lie in the said County of Ross, towards the expence of making and suppoiling such Roads and Bridges therein aslhall be appro; ed of by the Commi(honors appointed by an Act, polled in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland; was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for aftefting the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Ross, and such parts of the Counties of Cromarty and Nairn as lie in the said County of Ross, towards the expence of making and litpporting such Roads and Bridges therein as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act, passed in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

taw and An ingrossed Bill for the better amending and repairing Hid, Road leading from the Town of Carlozv to the City

*ftd. ’ of Kilkenny, was read the third time.

Refoked, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better amending and repairing of the Road leading from the Town of Carlozv to the City of Kilkenny.

Ordered, That Mr. Savage do carry. the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Townships of •inre Bin, green and Old Park, in the County of Durham, ;vas read

fitted, a xeconcTtiiirje.

Be Joked, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burden, VOL. 60.

r-'U-c. Hoads Bill, piled

Admiral Berkeley presented to the House, according Gloucester to Order, a Bill to enable the -Company of Proprietors of the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal, to vary and alter presented.*

the Line of a certain part of the said Canal, and to enable the said Company to raise a further sum of Money for carrying into execution the several Arts for making the said Canal: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Admiral Berkeley reported from the Committee, to Newnham whom the Petition of several Trustees for executing the Art thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the reported. Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the 23d year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the Passage or Ferry' over the River Severn, at in the County' of Gloucester, through the Parishes of Newnham'

and Liitle Dean, to a place called Saint White's, adjoining His Majesty’s Forest of Dean, in the said County, wTas read :—And, Mr. John Matthau's being examined, said.

That the Trustees have proceeded in the execution of the said Art; and have borrowed a considerable sum of Money upon the credit of the Tolls, which cannot be paid offi nor the said Road effectually amended and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Act be continued, the powers and provisions altered and enlarged, and the Tolls encreased.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, of an Act, passed in the 23d year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from the Passage or Ferry over the River Severn at Newnham, to a place called Saint White's, ad joining the Forest of Dean in the County of Gloucester: And that Admiral Berkeley and Lord Edward llenry Somerset do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the day being read, for the third reading Bill for of the ingrossed Bill for making more effectual provision for the supplying of Cities and Market Towns in Ireland Ireland with Water ■, «’i‘h Water,

A Motion w as made, and the Question being proposed, c crrc That the said Bill be now read the third time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the word "now" and at the end of the Question to add the words " upon Tommorrow fortnight " the 5th day' of June next."

And the Question being put. That the word "now"

(land part of the Question;—It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being proposed. That the words " upon Tommorrow fortnight the 3th day of June next," be added at the end of the Question;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by leaving out the words " To-" morrow fortnight the 5th day' of June next," and inserting the words "this day three months," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the words proposed to be left out of the said prupoled Amendment, Hand part thereof;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, f £ir

I Sir William:

(Sir George Fitzgerald

Tellers for the Noes, < Hill,

(Mr. French:

So it wras refoked in the Affirmative:

j 28. | 27.

Atd

292

21° Mail.

A. 1805.

Scarbrough Paving, &c. Petition, reported.

And the Q.ueftion being put. That the words " upon "To-morrow fortnight the 5th day of June next" be added at the end of the Question;—It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Tommorrow fortnight, the r,th day of June next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, be printed, for the Members of the House.

Mr. Phipps reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Bailiffs, Coroners, and Chamberlains, of the Town or Borough of Scarbrough, in the North Riding of the County of York, and of several Persons refuting in or near the said Town or Borough, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for improving any City or Town, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Wl icre the finne was read; and is as followed]; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,—Mr. John Traves, being examined, said, That the several Streets, and other public passages and places in the said Town, are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, aiul watched, and there are various encroachments, obstruo tions, annoyances, and nuisances, in the said Streets and other places, and many rliforders and irregularities are committed there in the Night-time; and that it would tend greatly to the accommodation and convenience of the Petitioners, and all others redding in or retorting to the said Town, if a Adlicient number of Hackney Coaches and Chairs, Porters, Coa! Carriers, Water Carriers, Trucks. Carts, and other Carriages therein, were licensed and regulated.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving, and otherwise improving, the Streets and other places in the Township of Scarbrough, in the North lviding of the* County of York; and for lieenling Hackney Coaches, and for establishing other Regulations in the said Township: And that Mr. Phi/>/>s and Lord Robert Manners do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Fojier presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to regulate the management and collection of His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, by providing for the Comm.liioners of Customs there, having the like powers as are by Law given to the Commissioners of Import Excise, and by providing further for vesting in the said Commissioners of Customs the management of the Port Duties, and in the Commissioners of Inland Excise, the management of certain Inland Duties: And the fame was received; and read the firli time.

Resolved, That the Bill be road a second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for

IncloJ.l,'eBl11, inclosing, embanking, draining, ami improving, certain C Lands in the Township of Faenol, in the Parish of Towyn, in the County of Merioneth, be now read the third time;

Mr. Fof/er, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as II is Majesty’s interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they thali think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the third time.

An ingrossed Cl aide was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, directing the Commissioner to make an extract of the Award, so far as relates to the Allotment to His Majesty, and to traasmit the same to the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue.

And the said CJaufc was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to'by the House, to be made part of the Bill, hv way of Ryder.

An Act for inclosing, embanking, draining, and improving, certain Lands in the Township of Faenol, in the Parish of Torvyn, in the County of Merioneth.

Ordered, That Sir Robert lVUliamcs Vaughan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Share Lefevre, according to Order, reported from London Dock the Committee of the wrhole House, to whom the Bill to 1

alter and amend an Act, passed in the 40th year of His reported, present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Batons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater accommodation and security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for extending the powers and provisions of the said Art, was committed; the Amendments which the CommitteeN had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill he read the third time, upon Thursday next.

Mr. Dielcinfbn reported from the Committee, to whom Alford the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Alford, in Iiiclofur? BUI, the County of Somerset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Stan ling Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had g6ne through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; arid, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Ireland— Revenues , Regulation Biii, presented.

Faenol

ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Pyrford, in the parishes of Py and Chert fey, or one of them, in the County of Surrey, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Pyrford, in the parishes of Pyrford and Cherlfy, or one of them, in the County of Surrey).

Ordered, That Mr. Dickinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Py-rford In do In re Bill, passed.

Jleddi ed, That t lie Bill do pals: And that the Title be. Petition.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of tin EUefmere Canal, was presented to the House, and read taking notice of the Bill for improving the paffagt between the Town of Liverpool and the County of Chester, at the Rock Ferry, on the River Mersey, and for levying Tolls on Vessels uling the fame; and setting forth. That the powers contained therein, if carried into execution, would materially obfiruct the free navigation of the said River, and impede the passage of the said Packet Boats and other Vessels to and from Liverpool, and in other respects be injurious to the Petitioners: And therefore praying to be heard, by their Counsel or Agents, against the said Bill, and that the fame may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report he received from the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their counsel, or agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That counsel he admitted to be heard, at tho fame time, in favour of the said Bill, againlb tire fa.d

Petition

ngfinit Rock Perry R;:i.

A Message

293

45 Geo. 111. 21* Mali.

A MetT.u’v from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepys and Mi'. Orel: ’

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and repairing c ertain Roads in the County of j.'jain, and for levying a Conversion in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the high Roads and Bridges in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers, of two Acts, passed in the ginth and twelfth years of 1 Iis present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Norie/ch to Scale Bridge, in the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a new Gaol in the Borough of Port/mouth, in the County of Southampton; without any Amendment: And also,

Fintilon The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An Art iu^uuc Bill, ter incKiling LamL in the Parish of otherwise

Finedon, in the County of Northampton; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Trull Kllates in the Trustees of the Settlement executed on the Marriage of Henry Cowell, Esquire, and Margaret his Wife; to which the Lords defne the concurrence of this House.

And then the MclTengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

The ITouftf being informed, that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Navy, attended at the door, he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,. '

An Account of the Sum remaining unapplied of the Grant for Naval Services for the year 1800, on the ill of September in that year:—Also, an Account of the Sums actually paid for those Services in the months of September, October, November, and December, in the same year :—And also, a like Account for the year iSoi.

And then he withdrew'; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Account be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to (Xo. 57.) this Volume.

to amend Ordered, That the Order of the dev, for the second

luiU Act reading of the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made lomiMttd.’ in the 13th year of 11 is present Majesty, for regulating the lurnpike Roads in England, as relates to the recovery of the Penalties thereby impoied on Perl’ons driving waggons having the fellies of the wheels of less breadth than six inches, on Turnpike Roads, u it It more than four Horses, be now read :—And the fame being read;—the said Bill was read a second lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejoli'ed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Motion w’as made, and the Question being put, fpm iifure That a Secret Committee of thirteen Members of the ^ou*e> no* holding any Civil Office of Profit during the !■trehni y pfcafure of the Crown, be appointed to enquire into the Distribution and Expenditure of all Sums of Money-granted for Secret Services in Ireland, from the year 1793 to the year 1804, inclusive; excepting Inch Sums as may have been granted for the discovery of Treason and Treasonable Conspiraeies, and accounted for by the Chief Secretary for the time being, in conformity to the Act of the 33d of His present Majesty, c. 34- specifying the amount of the Sums which have been so accounted for; The House divided:

Vol. 60.

The Lords Live patted

C> '.well’s

£:t*ie Bill.

Bill read.

Accounts

un.ibpiied Vims for Nival Services, printed.

'he Lords ive agaed

j v-n mi i

hor.'TS

.oucU Bill.

(orwich

lodd Bill.

p0rf fn ldJth

Guo! Bill.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

(Mr. Calcraft,

(Mr. Giles:

jMr. Nicholas Vansittart, (Mr. Denis Browne:

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Bill to reading of the ingrossed Bill to appoint Commissioners to enquire and examine into the Public Expenditure, and

enquire into

the conduct of Public Business, in the Departments the public therein mentioned, and to report such observations, as Xpj^irjre’ iLa.ll occur to them, for correcting or preventing any Abuses and Irregularities, and for the better conducting and managing the business of the said Departments; be now read:—And the fame being read;—the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to appoint Commissioners to enquire and examine into the Public Expenditure, and the conduct of Public Business in the Military Departments therein mentioned; ’ and to report such observations as shall occur to them, for correcting or preventing any Abuses and Irregularities, and for the better conducting and managing the business of the said Departments; to continue in force for two years, and from thence until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the then next Session of Parliament. w

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to th*

Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Bill to ing of the ingrossed Bill, to continue, for a time to be limited, NaTal'com an Act', made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, »imone«m' intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to " enquire and examine into any Irregularities, Frauds, paJled*

" or Abuses, which are or have been practised by Per-" fons employed in the several Naval Departments " therein mentioned, and in the business of- Prize " Agency; and to report such observations as shall ' '*

" occur to them for preventing such Irregularities,

" Frauds, and Abuses; and for the better •conducting " and managing the business of the said Departments,

" and of Prize Agency, in future " be now read:—And ' the fame being read;—the said Bill was read the third time. -

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder, That Persons shall not be required to answer Questions tending to criminate themselves.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Qucllion put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by w ay of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 26. After " continued" to insert "and " amended."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Quession put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act to continue, until the end of the next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act, made in the forty-third year of His present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities,

Frauds, or Abuses, which are or have been practised by Persons employed in the several Naval Departments therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do. carry th^ Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee0* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill fur encouraging the Residence of Stipendiary Bin. Curates on their Cures, be now read:—And the fame being read;

A'Motion was made, and the Question being put, Thai Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided:

4 F The

£04

21°—22* Mail

A. 1805.

57-

*3-

The Noes went forth.

f Mr. Attorney Gene-T

Tellers for the Yeas,\f?watkinWmiams\

( J

'r ii f ..xr V The Lord

Tellers for the Noes, J Mr . j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several , Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

TjnWerfitiej An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Advowson* to repeai so much of an Act, passed in the ninth year of committed, the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to restrain the disposition of Lands, whereby the fame become unalienable," as restrains Colleges within the two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge from purchasing or holding Advowsons, except as therein is provided; was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committea of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Report on Acts

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the latin to Report from the Committee of the whole House, to the Revenues whom it was referred to consider of the several Acts made of trcUnd, in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 13th and 14th, 36th,

*e e 37th, 38th, 39th and 40th years of His present Majesty,

and an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, relating to the Revenues, Trade, and Fisheries of Ireland;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tommorrow.

Ireland— The Order of the Day being read, for the House to piftiiiery Bill, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon erre ' the Bill for collecting the Duties on Spirituous Liquors distilled in 'Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Distiller; and the warehousing of such Spirits for Exportation;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

ipftrich An ingrossed Bill for improving and rendering more commodious the Port of Ipswich, in the County of was read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 61. 1. 7. After " therein," to insert * above " LCreek"

Pr. 88. 1. 17. After " Powers," to insert " Juris-" dictions."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for improving and rendering mom commodious the Port of Ipfcich, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir William Middleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 22° die Mail;

Anno 45* deorgii IIP11 Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Mareham Mareham Supra, in the County of Lincoln, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Mareham on the Hill, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Chaplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Admiral Berkeley reported from the Committee, to Tmfington whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Trod- inciofure&ii, ington, in the County of Gloucester, was committed; That report£d‘ the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their qpnfent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for altering and amending an Act, Lev® passed in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, for Can^5>B* enabling Charlotta Bethel, Widow, to make and main- p tain a Navigable Canal from the River Hull to Leven Bridge, in the East Riding of the County of York, was read the third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 2. After * fame" to insert " wilfully, vex-" atiously, or without just and necef-" fary cause."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, for enabling Charlotta

Bethell, Widow', to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Hull to Leve Bridge, in the East Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henri) Laf do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Comtnitw* relative to

bringing Coals to London by Canals to report from

time to time.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to enquire, how far it may be expedient to allow Coals, to a limited extent, to be brought to London by the Grand Junction and Paddington Canals, upon payment of the fame Rates and Duties to which Coals brought coastwise into the Port of London are now liable, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House, have power to report their proceedings, together with their opinion thereupon, from time to time, to the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Addrefc for His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give p^c^ing* directions, that there be laid before this House, a State- of Commitment of the Proceedings, to the 22d of May 1805, of the Commissioners nominated and appointed under the Great of ilmiTs*. Seal of Great Britain, by virtue of an Act of the 39th year of His present Majesty, for the purpose of regulating, directing, approving, and confirming, all Sales, and Contrafts for sale, made by Bodies Politic or Corporate pr Companies, and by all Feodces and Trustees for

Charitable

Petition rd petting the Duke of Atholi.

Member*

added to Committee on Corn Petitions.

Account of Monies Handing in the Name of the Accountant General, &c, ©cdeietL

Sheffield, &c. *yad Bill, committed.

45 Geo. III. 22° Mali295

Charitable or other public purposes, and by all Persons holding under any Grant from the Crown, or under any Act of Parliament, any Estates wherein His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, have any interest or expectancy, for the purpose of redeeming their Land Tax; distinguishing the number and value of the Sales, and Contracts for sale, approved by the said Commissioners; the amount of Land Tax redeemed, or to be redeemed, by virtue of such Sales and Contracts for sale; the quantity of Stock purchased by the produce of such Sales; the gain to the Public resulting from the proceedings under the said Commissioners; the expence incurred; and the estimated value of the entire property of which the tenure has been or will be changed by the efleft of such Sales or Contrafts for sale.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

join, in the Township of Langs in the said Riding, the Turnpike Road leading from Doncaster to Salter's Brook; be now read:—And the fame being read;

And the House being informed, that the several Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hurdlxno House, through Buxton, in the County of , and Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned, who petitioned this House upon the 14th day of this instant May, praying to be heard, by their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against the said Bill, did not desire to be heard in this ft age of the Bill;

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wort ley, Ivord George Augtifius Henry &c.: And

they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

OrThat the said Petition,—and also, the Petition Petition-* A Petition of Paul Bridson and William Sfowell, of several Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the "ft> , Esquires, Merchants of the Isle of Man, on behalf of 43d year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Counsel themselves and the Landholders, Merchants, and Inha- Roads from the present Turnpike Road upon Greenhill ordered* bitants of the said Isle, was presented to the House, and Moor, to and from the Chesterfield Turn-

read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have perused a P'^e Road> near Middleton, to Totley, all in the

printed Cafe on behalf of the Keys of Man, dated the County of Derby, and also for making two new branches 25th of March last, and a printed Statement of the Claim from the said Roads to in the said County, and of the Duke of Atholl, for a further Compensation out of to Go Green, near Sheffield, in the County of York, the Revenues of the said Isle, dated the 10th of Aprillaft; "Inch was also presented to the House upon the said and they observe, that the said Cafe, on behalf of the } day of May, and then ordered to lie upon the Keys, goes to assess the principle of any compensation Table, until the said Bill be read a second time,—be being granted out of the Revenues of the said Isle, or referred to the consideration of the said Committee; any other Fnnd; which the Petitioners conceive is going ar|d that the Petitioners be heard, by their counsel, further than can be well justified, for the reasons therein agents, and witnesses, before the said Committee, upon stated; that the Petitioners have the highest confidence their Petitions, if they think fit.

in Parliament for the application of such proportion of Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Com-the Revenues of the said Isle, as may be deemed necef- mittee>. that they do admit counsel to he heard, at the fary, from time to time, for the encouragement of the ^ame. t'me> rn favour of the said Bill, against the said Fishery thereof, promoting Manufactories, and other Petitions.

public purposes; and they beg leave to represent to Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee the House, that Memorials, to the purport and efleft ^ave vo’ces* above-mentioned, were prepared and signed by upwards

of six hundred and thirty of the Merchants, Landholders Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Bill to amend

and principal Inhabitants of the said Isle, for the pur- fading of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 9th

pose of being presented to the House of Keys, but which year of King George the First, for amending the Laws committed,

were not received, the Speaker informing them, that bating to the settlement, employment, and relief of the Keys had adjourned, and could not meet without the Poor, be now read And the same being read

a precept from the Governor; and that the Petitioners the said Bill was read a second time.

have received directions, to lay the fame before the ReThat the Bill be committed. House, as expressive of the sentiments of a respectable Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee and numerous proportion of the Inhabitants of the said of the whole House.

Isle: And therefore praying the House, to take the case , ReThat this House will, upon Tommorrow into consideration sevennight, the 30th day of this instant, May, resolve

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. itfc1,1Ti"|0 a Committee of the whole House, upon the

1 Liui Rill

Ordered, That Sir John Sinclair, Mr. Kimiaird, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Claude Scott, Mr. Samuel Scoff, St John Newport, Sir John William Anderson, Mr. RvffeV, Sir John Frederick, Mr. Dickens, Mr. Praed, Mr. Chaplin, and Mr. Burden, be added to the Committee on the Petitions relating to the Com Trade.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Monies, Stocks, Funds, and Securities for Money, standing in the name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, or the Deputy Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, at the Bank of England and South Sea House, or elsewhere, in trust for the Suitors of those Courts respectively; distinguishing the titles of the causes, and of the particular Accounts in each Cause, with the Money, Stocks, Funds, and Securities, placed to the credit ol every particular Account.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for making, and keeping in repair a Carriage Road, to branch out of the Turnpike Road leading from Sheffield to Peniston, at the Towrship of Wadjley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to

Mr. Palmer reported from the Committee, to whom , Lorckt* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Christopher Lerck, was committed; That paired.’ the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table :—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Palmer do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Town- Petition*.

flfip of Chelmorton, in the Parish of Bakeicell, in the clXorton,

County of Derby: And also, _ t

A Petition of several Owners of Estates iivthe Town- incioiureBUL

Ann of Flagg, in the said Parish of Bakezcell;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Hamlets of Chelmorton and Flagg, in the Parish of Baknvell, in the County of Derby; and setting forth. That if the fame should pafc into a

296

22° M

A. 1805.

Law, in its present form, the rights and intereils Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into Report oa of the Petitioners will be very materially injured: further consideration, the Report from the Committee of E1^n g,

' * the whole House, to whom the Bill for amending an Act, CL‘°n 1

And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel or Agents against such parts of the said Bill as affect them.

And the said Petitions vyere severally ordered to be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard,

Bill,

further

passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 35th year of coniidcred. His present Majesty, for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, so far as relates to Freeholds under the yearly value of Twenty Pounds, and for making further and other regulations relating thereto, was committed, be now read :—And the fame being read; the

by their Counsel or Agents, before the said House proceeded to take the said Report into further

if they

Committee appointed to7 enquire into the Tolls on the Grand Canal of Ireland,

consideration:—And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time, upon Friday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to regulate the management and col- £evei>u« lection of His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, by providing for the Conunissioners of Customs there, having the like powers as are bylaw given to the Conunissioners of Import Excise; and by providing

Committee, upon their Petitions, think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit counsel to be heard, at the fame tiyne, in favour of the said Bill, against the said

Petitions..

Ordered, That all wdio come to the said Committee, have voices.

Ordered, That a Committee he appointed, to enquire

into the Tolls on the Grand Canal of Ireland, and what

measures have been adopted, or may be adopted, for their reduction; and to report the fame, together with their observations thereupon, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Bernard,

Mr. Fojier, Mr. Nicholas Van fit tart, Mr. Addington, Mr.

John Smyth, Mr. Princep, Mr. Burden, Mr. Hobhouse, further for vesting in the said Commissioners of Customs,

Ireland—*

Regulation

Bill,

committed.

Petitions

respecting Corn Laws j

Wakefield.

Saddleworth,

Mr. Bond,. Mr. William PonfMr. Blackburne of Lqncashire, Mr. Brogden, Sir William Burroughs, Mr. Benyon, Mr. Grenfell, Mr. James Graham,

Mr. John Latouche, Mr. BagMr. Kingston: And

they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee, have voices.

A Petition of several inhabitants of Wakefield, in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of several Clergymen, Yeomen, Tradesmen,

the management of the Port Duties, and in tire Commissioners of Inland Excise, the management of eertaiq. Inland Duties; be now read:—And the fame being read; —the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. /

Befolved, That this House. will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

Manufacturers, and Labourers, Inhabitants of the Parish the Bill for collecting' the Duties on Spirituous Liquors

Ireland— Putillery Bill*

deterred.

of Saddkicorth, in the county of;

Were severally presented to the House, and read, taking notice of the high prices of Provisions, particularly of Flour and Bread Corn: And praying- for the repeal of an Act, made in the last Session, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Com and Grain; and also of so much of an Act 31 Geo. III. as relates to imposing additional duties on Foreign Corn warehoused in Great Britain, and taken out for home consumption.

distilled in Ireland, and regulating the trade of a Dil-tiller, and the warehousing of such Spirits for exportation; be now read :—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tommorrow sevennight, the 30th day of this instant May, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for regulating Licences for the fate of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, by retail, and for discouraging the immoderate

Ireland— Spirituous Liquors, &c. Licences 3*11* pdfied.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered use of Spirituous Liquors in , he now read :—And

Committee on Bill to amend Turnpike Roads Act

to be referred to the consideration of the Select Committee, to whom the several Petitions, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, praying relief from the eflefts of tire said Act, are referred.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I Ioufe, upon the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the 13th year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in England, as relates to the recovery of the penalties thereby imposed on persons driving waggons, ^having the fellies of the wheels of less breadth than fix

the fame being read;—the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be,

An Act for regulating Licences for the sale of Spirituous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, by retail, and for discouraging the immoderate use of Spirituous Liquors, in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do cany the Bill to the Lords, and deflre their concurrence.1

Ordered, That there be prepared, a Copy of the Return* Return or Returns made to the Privy Council, by every ^Ireiufence Archbishop and Bishop, of the Names of every Dignity, of clergy: Prebend, Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy, and or Jei’e

men,

inches, on Turnpike Roads, with more than four horses, parochial Chapelry, within their respective Dioecfes, or Vnr* vnr read: thp HmifV. towd tl-»^ Xlmnps

be now read And the same being read; the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

• Mr. Dickinstook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

' Mr. Dickins reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddirested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

subject to their respective Jurisdictions, and the Names of the several Persons possessing the fame, who tliall not have refuled thereon by reason of any exemption under or by virtue of the Act of 43 Geo. III. c. 84, and-also of all the Persons possessing the fame, not having any such exemption or licence, who shall not have relided on such Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, perpetual Curacy, or parochial Chapelry, so far as the Bishop is informed thereof; in order to the fame being laid before the House early in the next Session oi Parliament.

12, Ordered,.

.45 Geo. 111. -QQ? Mali.297

ommitteeof Ordered, Tliot the Order of the day, for the l loiife supply. to resolve it ft If* into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read:—And the fame being read; c Ordered, That the several Accounts and Estimates, ^ferr«d: C'which were presented to the House upon the 6th day ^ifceliancout of this infiant.May, by Mr. Chancellor of the EXche-s«rvices. quer, relating to certain Mifccllaneous Services, — Deficiency of the Vote for the Officers of the Houses of Lords and Commons, and Serjeants at Arms, in 1804—* Salaries and Allowances to the fame Officers, for 1805— Printing and Stationary for the two Houses of Parliament for 1S04—Printing the 57th Volume of the Journals of the House of Commons; Papers resp< -filing the Marhatta W ar, and Returns relating to the Poor; Journals, Votes, and other matters, by order of the House—Reprinting Journals, Indexes, and Reports—Purchase of Groupd and Buildings in and near Margaret's Street Westminster—Making an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Webern Sea by Inverness and Fort William—and, repairing Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, for 1 So--,—be referred to the said Committee.

Criun Canal. Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 25th day of June in the last Session of Parliament, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Crinan Canal, was referred; be referred to the said Committee,

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

• Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 25th year of His present Majesty, for better examining and auditing the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act, and for enabling the Commissioners in certain cases to allow of Vouchers, although not stamped according to Law: And that Mr. Hufki/fon, Mr. St urges Bourne, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Acts made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 13th and 14th, 36th, 37th, 38th, 39th and 40th years of His present Majesty, and an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, relating to the Revenues, Trade, and Fisheries of Ireland; the Refolotion which the Committee had directed him to report to the House4 which he read in his place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the fame-was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Acts made in Ireland in the x 3th and 14th, 36th, 37th, 38th, 39th and 40th years of His present Majesty; and also an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Ireland; be further continued and amended..

The said Resolution being read a second time, was* upon the Question put thereon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr.

Mr. Nicholas Van fit tart, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Great Britain, for the year 1805; That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he xead the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Great Britain, for the Year 1805.

Pay to 48,963 private Militia Men, at is. per diem, for 28 days -

----- 1,716 Serjeants, at is.6d. per diem, - - for one year -

——- 1,631 Corporals, at is. 2d. per diem, - - for d® -

■ --■ 785 Drummers, at 1 s. per diem, - - - for d° -

----- 87 Adjutants, at 6s.-per diem,- - - for d° -

Salaries for 80 Battalion Clerks, - - - - at 50 per annum each

Extra Pay to 85 Serjeant Majors, - - - at 2 per week each

D° - - - to 80 Drum Majors, - - - - at 6 a day each -

28 days Pay to the several Officers - - - "

Charge of 28 days Beer Money for the Non-commissioned Officers an Militia Men, at 1 d. per diem each - - * *

Charge per-annum of the Allowance for Contingencies, at 4 per man

Cloathing of 48,963 private Militia Men

Cloathing of 2,491 Serjeants and Drummers -

£. s. d.

- 68,548 4- —

- 46,975 10 —

- 34,726 14 a

- 14,326 5 —

- 9,526 10 —

- 4,000 — —

- 552 10 —

- OO 0 1 I

• - 23,242 16 —

private

- 6,194 8 4

month 9,949 12 —

- 73,000

m *• I 1 1 O O VO

£ 299>372 9 6

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

VOL.

4

Mr.

Bill to amend Act for . auditing Public Accounts, ordered*

Report on Acts relating to the Revetmt of Ireland*

Militia

Estimate,

reported*

298

22" Mali.

A. 1805.

fcHimate of Allowance* to Militia Officers, reported.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Expen.ce of Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Great Britain in time of peace; That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of certain Allowances to Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Great Britain.

s. d.

To 479 Lieutenants, who shall have served in the Militia during the present War, on the Corps in which they shall have served being disembodied, an Allowance of jC.25. per annum respectively, in addition to the pay usually provided for their attendance at the place of monthly exercise -To 173 Ensigns, who shall have so served, an Allowance of 20. per annum respectively -

Ordered, That, the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ix»975 —

3,460 —

I5»435 -

titimajfeof

Ms. Alexander reported from the Committee, ap- Majesty; That the Committee had prepared an Estimate ic.^rMnitia,. pointed to jprepare an Estimate of the Expence of accordingly, which they had directed him to report to reported. 'Allowances to be made to Adjutants and Serjeant the House; and he read the Report in his place; and 'Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied in pur- afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where fuance.oi an Act of the 39th and 40th year of His present the fame was read; and is as followeth j viz.

ESTIMATE of the»Expence of Allowances to be made to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied in pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty’s Reign.

The number of Militia Corps either totally reduced, or in which a Reduction has taken place, amounts to 56. The number of Adjutants and Serjeant Majors necessary to provide for, estimated at the rate of £. 54. 155. o d. for each Adjutant, and £. 24. 15 s.o d.for each Serjeant Major, the expence of the whole for the year 1805, will be-*- - ,

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

s. cL

4,452-----

lri<h Militia

Estimate,

reported.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, ap- 1805; That the Committee had prepared an Estimate pointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the accordingly; which they had directed him to report to ray and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland> and of the the House; and he read the Report in his place; and Expence of Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Officers of the said Militia in time of peace, for the year fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the disembodied Militia of Ireland, for one year, from 25th of December 1804 to the 24th of_ December 1805.

the

No. of Regiments and Battalions. REGIMENTS and BATTALIONS. | Captains. Lieutenants. s tn C3 c W 2 C 3 s ? (A a 8 & 3 Staff Serjeants. Serjeants. Corporals. Drummers. Fifers. Privates. CHARGE per Annum.

1 Regiment - The-Donegall Militia - 10 Comp' io 23 8 1 1 2 40 50 20 2 440 £. s. 3,906 8 6

5more~ - j The Galway, Londonderry, Tipperary, i Tyrone, and Wexford - - - J do. 50 110 40 5 5 10 200 250 100 10 2,200 19,532 a 6

1 more - - - The Louth - o Comp* Ido. 9 20 7 1 1 2 36 •45 18 2 39s 3,555 4 —

1 more - - - The Antrim - 8 18 6 1 1 2 32 40 16 2 352 3,203 19 0

13 more - The Armagh, Cork North, Cork South," Cork City, Dublin City, Kerry, Kilkenny, King’s County, Limerick 1 8 do. f each 104 234 78 *3 »3 26 416 520 208 2 6 4,576 41,651 13 5

1 Battalion- - County, Meatn, Monaghan, Rof-comrnon and Waterford -The North Mayo - 7 do. 7 *5 6 1 1 2 28 35 M a 308 2,851 7-

1 more - - - The South Mayo - 7 do. 7 15 6 1 1 2 28 35 M 2 308 2,851 7 "

1 more - - - The Carlow - 6 do. 6 13 5 1 1 2 24 30 22 2 264 2,500 2 0

J 14 more - -s The Cavan, Clare, Downe North, Downe 1 South, Dublin County, Fermanagh, | Kildare, Leitrim, Limerick City, Long- ) 6 do; 84 182 70 14 14 28 336 420 168 28 3,696 35,001 15

ford, Queen’s County, Sligo, Weft- j meath, and Wicklow - - - J [

38 - - - - u m ' m to 00 Cn S29' ! 226 38 38 76 1.140 j 1,425 570 76 12,540 H5,o53 *9 6

Allowance to provide Medicines for 38 Regiments and Battalions, at 20. each

Total Nist -

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

760 —

115,813 19 6

A Menage

45 Geo. III.

22°

au.

1299

The IortH

have agreed

to

j^ftwithiel Road Bid.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Wttlidm Weller Pepys and Kir. Ord:

Mr. Speaker, . ..

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of two Acts, passed in the 2d and 24th years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Lojl-

xcithielTurnpike Road, through Tregony, to Ruan Lane-

home t and from Dennis Water to three hundred yards on the South fide of Trethim Mill, in the county of ; be now read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Ireland— resolve itself into a Committee of the vyhole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional deferred. Stamp Duties, for amending the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties, and for indemnifying Persons who have a6led as Notaries Public, without being duly licensed in

Needwood Chapel Bill*

tfumptret)

&c.

Inclosure Bill* with an Amendment.

Whichford Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

Colfterworth Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

Cornwall; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to grant part of His Majesty’s Allotment of the di failure ft ed Forest or Chase of Need-tvood, in the County of Stafford, for the erection of a Church, and the Endowment of the Minister thereof, and for building and estab hiking the said Church; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Resolved, That this House itself into the said Committee.

Will, Tommorrow, resolve

A Petition of several Bakers of the City of Dublin, Petition of was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That the several Acts made in the Parliament of

for Leave to

for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread in the City present a and County of Dublin, and for the relief of the several pctmon-Persons carrying on the Baking Trade in the said City

for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Plumptree, in thd and County, have been found insufficient for the purposes

County of Nottingham; with an Amendment; to w’hich Amendment the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to thrt Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the HamWs of Whichford, Afco't,

thereby intended, and it is necessary that certain of the powers thereof should be altered, and other and additional powers granted; and that it w'ould tend materially to facilitate the execution of the purposes thereby intended, if the said Acts were repealed, and if certain of

and Stowerton, in the Parish of Whichford, in the County the powers thereof, together with such other and addi-of Wanoick; with some Amendments; to which Amend- tional powers, were comprized and contained in one Act; ments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: and that the Petitioners were in hopes to have been able.

And also, 1 to have conducted their business through the w hole of

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act the present year on the present allowance, without for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Coljlenoorth, in the coming to the Legislature to grant them any further al-County of Lincoln, and for making Compenfivtion for the lowance; but, owing to the price of all articles necef-Tythes arising within the same Parish; with some Amend- fary to their trade having much increased within a short ments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the con- period, they find themselves unable to conduct their bu-

Caratei

Residence

Bill,

rtportci

currence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for encouraging the Residence of Stipendiary Curates on their Cures, was re-committed.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his

finess at the present allowance; and such great increase of price did not take place until after the time appointed by the House for receiving Petitions for private Bills had expired: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to present a Petition, for leave to bring in a Bill for their relief.

Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular cir- tare given; cumstances set forth in the said Petition, leave be given to present a Petition, as desired.

Then a Petition of the said several Persons was pre- Petition, fented to the House, and read; containing the fame Alle- Plated.

place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend- gations as the last preceding Petition: And praying, That ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the several pur-

Sill for r^ahting tie Ofcce of kyraafter General, Committed.

poses aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Shaw, Mr. Foster, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power tef fend for persons, papers, and records.

v<

read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, be printed, for the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into further consideration, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the 23d year of His present Majesty, for the better regulation of the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, and the more regular payment of the Army, and for the more effectually regulating the said Office; be now read :—And the fame being read;

—And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed, as amended.

Resolved, That the said Bill, as amended, be re-committed to a Committee of tire whole House. , _ ... , - r,

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve th^'d Act; might be read r-And the fame be.ngread; itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider r, S^.ore(> . 1S v\l ’ ^-inorrov,} resolve

jflI «| A _ _ _ * •» 4- 1 1 »-« 4- >’V m rfV a ^4 /T\. A Ai 4- I I I. W — I I .. M - JL Z' "I

further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Acts

The House wras moved. That an Act made in the 27th ear of His present Majesty, to enable the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the time DutieT being, to let to farm the Duties granted by an Act, made Poli Hori'es, in the 25th year of His present Majesty, on Horses let to hire for travelling post, and by time, to such persons as should be willing to contract for the fame; might be read :—And the fame was read.

The House was also moved. That an Act made in the 42d year of His present Majesty, for further contintiinc

itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider of the said Acts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto -, which they had directed him

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, re- Sill for the solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- ^reventlon flder further of the Bill for the more effectual prevention of Smuggling.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re- Spnni/h w;n« to report, when the House will please to receive the lame, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ?u,ie* BiJJ> VOL 60. I! •

Ways and Means, deferred.

Petition respecting Notices for Rotherham Roads*

Darfield Inclosure Bill, reported.

Alford Inclosure Bill parted.

300

22°—23°

A. 1805.

the Bill for charging the like Duties, and allowing the like Drawbacks of Customs, on Spanish Red Wine imported into, and exported from. Great Britain, as are now charged and allowed on French Wine imported and exported.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis,23° die;

Anno 450 Georgii III1'1 Regis, 1805. Prayers.

A PETITION of several Trustees Air amending and widening the Road from the Town of Rotherham to the Turnpike Road at the Eall end of Park,

in the County of York, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in pursuance of leave granted by the House upon the 2d day of this instant May, Notices have been given of the application to Parliament for leave to bring in a Bill for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts passed in the 4th and 14th years-of His present Majesty, for repairing the said Road, and for increasing the Tolls thereby granted: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the above purposes.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it ilia.ll appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

&c.And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine*of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

An ingrossed Bill for the better amending and repair- Cork and ing of the Road leading from the bounds of the Counties Limerick of Limerick and Cork, between the Towns of A7

and Charleville, to the City of Cork, was read the third * ‘

time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for the better amending and repairing of the Road leading from the hounds of the Counties of Limerick and Cork, between the Towns of and

ville, to the City of Cork.

Ordered, That Lord Viscount Boyle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Dulwich Duhcich, in the County of Surrey, was read the third Il'-c!o'ureEi!'1| time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 19. After " And" to insert " whereas his " Grace the Archbishop of -

Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township of in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that, the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the fa-tisfaetion of the Committee (except the Proprietor of an Eilat e assessed to the Land Tax at 4 s. 11 d. per,

who refilled to sign the Bill; and also except the Proprietor of an Estate alTefl'ed at JJ- 5• 1 5 who had

been applied to, but returned no answcv; and that the whole property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed at ,£.82. 1 per annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Qncflion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

O

All ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Alford, in the County of Some rfel, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Alford, in the County of Someijet.

Ordered, That Mr Baldwindo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

. . 1

" bury for the time being, is Visitor " of the said College: And whereas.".

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

ii’c/d’cr'/, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Duhcich, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir George Cornezvall do make the Bill to amend Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom in the Bill to amend so much of an Act, made in the 13th reported. * year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in England, as relates to the recovery of the penalties thereby imposed on Persons driving waggons, having the fellies of the wheels of less breadth than six inches, on Turnpike Roads with move than four horses; was committed.

Sir George Cornezoall accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to he reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’sTable: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report he taken into further consideration upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, be printed, for the Members of the House.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the ITamlets or Town- Ryhill, \ flaps of Ryhill and Camerton, in the East Riding of the County of Iro?*A-, and for making conipensation for the Tythes thereof, and also fortheTythes of the ancient inclosed Lands within the said Hamlets or Townships; was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Savile, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Motion Zieing made, That the ingrossed Bill for in- MethwoM doling Lands in the Parish of Mdhin the County 1 ’

of Norfolk, he now read the third time;

The Lord Glenbervie, by His Majesty’s command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the purport of the said Bill, gives His consent, as far as His Majesty’s interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Mellncold, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That the Lord Glenbervie do carry the Bill to ‘.l.r. Lords, and desire their concurrence.

• Report from

V l\ 'Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom committee on the 1 of John Duke of Atholreferred; and to D^of

whom petition.

45 Geo. III. 23° Mail

301

whom the Report of the Commissioners of Enquiry, relative: to the Isle of Man, made in the year 1792, and all Accounts respecting the Revenues of the said I lie, which , have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, are also referred;—and who were instructed to take into their consideration all such parts of the said Report as relate to the collection and management of the Revenue of the said Isle, and likewise to examine into the Receipts of the Revenue of the fame Isle, and the Disbursemonts thereout, from the 5th January 1791 to, the 5th of January 1805; and into all Balances in the hands of the Collectors or Receivers of the Revenues of the fame Isle, and to report their observations upon all such subjects to the Houseand to whom the several Accounts and Papers relating to the Isle of Man, which have been presented to the House since the 26th day of March last*, and also, the Account of the amount of Duties received within the Ports of the of Man upon Imports and Exports, between the 5th January 1798 and the 5th January 1804, which was presented to the . House upon the icth day of April, in the last Session of Parliament, are also referred ;—and who were empowered to report their proceedings, together with their observations and opinion thereupon, from time to time, to the House;—That the Committee had examined the matters to them referred, and had come to several Resolutions thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and the Refclutions of the Committee are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That the Committee, having considered the documents and evidence which have been laid before them, are of opinion, that the Petitioner has fully established the Allegations of his Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it would be proper to recommend to the House, that Parliament should grant such farther compensation, as shall seem adequate for the benefit of the Petitioner and the other heirs general of the seventh Earl of Derby, according to the provisions of the Act of the 7th of King James the First; and that such compensation should be charged on the Revenue of the Isle of Man.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Report be taken into consideration upon Tuesday next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the words, " Tuesday next," and inferring the words " Wednesday sevennight, the " 5th day of June next," inllead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the words " Tuef-" day next," standpart of the Question;—Itpafled in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That " Wednesday fe-" vennight, the 5th day of June next," be inserted instead thereof;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Wes,

dered.

} 5«-^n8.

Idler, for the Yea,

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the words " this day sevennight," be there inserted; —It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That the said Report be taken into consideration upon this day sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed, for the Members of the House.

The laid Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B.—A printed Copy is with the original. Ordered, That the Minutes of the Evidence relating to the House of Keys, taken before the said Committee, be laid before tills House.

for^00 Petition of several Freeholders of the County of &ngth» Bedford, was presented to the House, and read; felting VOL, 60.

forth. That the Petitioners unite with their Constituents Tenth Report at large, in thanking the House for their Resolutions of the 8th and 10th of April, founded on the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry: By the first of those Resolutions the House vindicated the character of their Country', by censuring a M miller proved to have been guilty of a gross violation of Law, and a flagrant breach of Duty; by the second, the House laid before the Sovereign, the sense of His People, and enabled Him, by a ready compliance with their wishes, to endear 1 lim-self more than <ever to their loyal and act’eftionate hearts; and the Petitioners implore the House, ftend'dy to per-severe in detecting all other abufos which are poiiVcd at, as well in the Tenth as in the Eleventh Report of the said Commissioners; attentively' to investigate all irregularities wdiich may be brought to light by any of their succeeding Reports; impartially, minutely, and refolntely to examine into the Public Expenditure in all the other branches of Administration, and to inflict exemplary puniliiment on all who shall be found guilty of, or in anywise aiding, abetting, or conniving at (molar frauds and depredations: And that the Petitioners are thoroughly persuaded that it is needless for them to urge any f ein motive to the House, in order to induce them to a3opt suchmeasures: They rely upon the knowledge the House have of their duties, and upon their sympathy and fellow feeling with their constituents, who, during a long, a difficult, and trying period of war, in times of severe hardships and scarcity, have chearfully submitted to the heavielt burthens, that what they granted liberally should be applied honestly, was the least the Petitioners could hope, from men, whose conscientiousness and bounden duty enjoined a faithful discharge of the great trull reposed in them; disappointed of this hope, and finding on the contrary that a Minister, filling many great and lucrative offices, high in the confidence of his Sovereign, one of the foremoll in his pretended efforts to reform abuses, has been at length himself de-tested in conniving for a series of years at the foulest peculation: The Petitioners now approach the House with their claims to protection and just ice; and they trull, therefore, that in profeculing the enquiries necessary' for these ends, the House will proceed in that spirit of firmness and integrity which dictated the Resolutions of the 8th and 10th of April; and that they will not , trull this great cause out of their own hands, nor again suffer themselves to be deceived by the plausible promises of men, who openly violate the taws of the Legislat ure, and hold in defiance and contempt the wholesome guards they enact against the possible malversations of oflice; and that the Petitioners also trust that the example of the pall, will aft upon the House as a warning for the future; that they will fee and acknowledge thejuft value of those principles on which our Ancestors established the power and authority of the House of Commons; that the House w ill feel their office to be that of controid over the servants of the Crown; and that jealously and vigilance, instead of confidence and compliance, are their true and distinguishing characteristics: To this fyf-tem, the Petitioners humbly hope that the House will direct their immediate and unvarying attention, as the system by which the Country may bell be defended, and as the only one under which the Constitution can be safe.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved. That the several A 61s, made Arts in the 27th, 30th, 31ft, 32d, 33d, 36th, 37th, 41ft, and 42d years of His present Majesty, relating to the allow- riel Pom* ing the importation and exportation of certain Goods lie and Merchandizes into and from certain ports in the C01^d9re<1* West Indies, might be read:—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, itself into a Committee, of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

The House was moved, 'fliat the Eleventh Report of Seicft the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry;—reipeciing the ^'onim,;?rc Jfliie ot Navy Bills for the purpose of railing money—* Eleventh01* Loss arising from the mode ol' paying Hie Interesl on Rt^n

,11 . * w x- on Naval

4 * Navy

Bill to amend Act for auditing Public Accounts* presented.

Ireland— Excise Licences Bill, presented*

Art respecting Bounties on Fish, to be ceniidered.

Trtlwd— Malt Duties Chljertion Bill, committed*

London Dock Company’s Bill, passed.

23° Man. A. 1805.

Navy and Transport Bills—and Money imprested by the Navy Board for secret Naval Services;—which was presented to the House upon the i xth day of March last, might be read:—And the fame being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Report be referred to a Select Committee, to examine the matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting after the word " Report " these Words " except so far as the fame relates to circum-* fiances conne6ted with the issue of 100,000 for te Secret Naval Services."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;—It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Report, except so far as the fame relates to circumstances connected with the issue of £. 100,000 for Secret Naval Services, be referred to

a Select Committee, to examine the matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

l^solved, That the number of the said Committee be twenty-one.

Resolved, That the said Committee be chosen by way of ballotting.

Ordered, That the Members of this House do, Tomorrow, at Four of the clock, prepare Lifts, to be put into glades, of twenty-one persons names, to be the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said glasses be placed upon the Table j and the said Lifts, held up between the finger and thumb, be put into the glasses, at the Table, by the Members called over for that purpose, according to the counties and places they serve for, as the said counties and places are entered in the Return Book.

and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for extending the powers and provisions of the said Act; was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed iii the fortieth year of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks,

Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater accommodation and security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for extending the powers and provisions of the said Act.

Ordered, That Mr. Manning do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Ireland-, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon r^*00^ the Bill to regulate the management and collettion of Bill! His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, doferr^ by providing for the Commissioners of Customs there, having the like powers as are by Law given to the Commissioners of Import Excise, and by providing further for vesting in the said Commissioners of Customs the management of the Port Duties, and in the Commissioners of Inland Excise the management of certain Inland Duties;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, refblve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon uni for the Thursday last, for taking into further consideration Tommorrow, the Report from the Committee of the whole seamen, House, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of Sea- deferred, men, and for the better and more efiieftually manning His Majesty’s Navy, was re-committed; might be read:

—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Tuesday next.

Mr. Hufldjfonpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the 25th year of His present Majesty, for better examining and auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, and for enabling the Commissioners in certain cases to allow of vouchers although not stamped according to law: And the fame was received 5 and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Mr. Fofter presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better regulation of Licences to persons in Ireland dealing in Exciseable Commodities, and engaged in the several occupations therein mentioned; And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, for granting Bounties for taking and bringing Fish to the cities of London and Westminster, and other places in the United Kingdom, might be read:—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

A Bill for the collection of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the trade of a Maltster, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.' -

Resolved, That this-House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The ingrossed Bill to alter and amend an Act, passed in the 40th year of His present Majesty, for. making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater accommodation and security of Shipping, Commerce,

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole I louse, to whom it was referred Suppl!* to consider further of the Supply granted to 1 Iis Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee Had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as foliovve'th;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That printing a sum, not exceeding Three thousand seven hundred and ^rr^ef, trf eight pounds eighteen /hillings and eleven pence, be ar, ame granted to His Majesty, to make good tlte deficiency of the sum granted for defraying the Charge of Printing and Stationary for the two Houses of Parliament, for the year 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Printing a sum, not exceeding Eight thousand three hundred and one pounds eleven /hillings and three pence, be granted war, fcc. to His Majesty, for defraying the expence incurred in the last Session of Parliament for printing the.Papers respecting the Marhatta War, and the Returns relating to the Maintenance of the Poor. '

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That officer* of a sum, not exceeding Three hundred and five pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the deficiency of 010,1,00 the Vote in the last Session of Parliament, for the Officers of the Houses of Lords and Commons, and Serjeants at Arms, in the year 1804.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not execeeding Five thousand two hundred and ten pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to pay the Salaries and Allowances to the Officers of the Houses of Lords and Commons, and Serjeants at Arms, for the year 1805.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That printing of a sum, not exceeding Seven hundred fifty-three pounds Jmirnals' and eighteen /hillings, be granted to His Majesty, for completing the Expence incurred for printing one thousand seven hundred and fifty copies of the 57th volume of the Journals of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That afum, not exceeding Twenty thousand pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the expence of printing Journals of the House of Commons, for printing and delivering the Votes, and for printing Bills, Reports, and a other

303

23°—24" Mail

45 Geo. III.

otlter Papers by order of the House, during the present. Session of Parliament.

• Re'lived. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

a fnm, not exceeding Ten thou fund pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the expence that may be incurred for re-printing, in the proportion of eight volumes a vear, of the Journals, Indexes, and Reports, of the Honfc of Commons; agreeable to the Resolutions of the Committee of the House ia Session 1802-3; for the present year.

of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That [dings, a sum, not exceeding Three thousand three hundred ninety-one pounds and four /hillings, be granted to His. Majesty, for defraying tire expence of the purchase of certain Ground and Buildings in Saint Street and

Palace Yard, for the use of the Public; in pursuance of an Act of the 44th year of His present Majesty’s reign, acts and Resolved, That it istheOpinion of this Committee, That ihp a sum, not exceeding Ten thousand pounds, be granted scotnnd. to j j's Majesty, for repairing and maintaining Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland-, for the year 1805. Woman Resolved, That it is the Opinion of t his Committee, That

Canal. a sum, not exceeding Fifty thousand pounds, be granted, to His Majesty, towards defraying the expence of making an Inland Navigation from the Pattern to the Weitern Sea by Inverness and Fort William-, for the year 1805. iinan Canal. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

a sum, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to he advanced to the Company of Proprietors of the CrinanCanal, to enable them to complete the said Canal, upon proper feenrity being given by the said Company for the re-payment thereof.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question l'everaliy put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the lad of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr.

Sfurges Bourne, and Mr. Hujkijfon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

irt’drit— The Order of the day being read, for the House to Stfiii|Dut M rpf°'vo iff If into a Committee of the whole House, upon jeered. the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Stamp Duties, for amending the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties, and for indemnifying Persons who have acted as Notaries Public, without being duly licensed, in Ireland;

Refilled, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itfell into the said Committee.

'ommittee The other Order of the day being read :—The House ® resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

firming5 consider of two Acts, made in 27th and 4 2d years of

His present Majesty, to enable the Lord High Treasurer,

*' or Commissioners of the Treasury, to let to farm the Duties on Horses let to hire for travelling poll and by time.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to mghe a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

(ported. Mr . Alexanderaccordingly reported from the said

Committee, That he was dire<51 ed by the Committee to move the House, That leave be given to bring in a Bill fur ther to continue, for a time to be limited, the said Act of the 27th year of I lis present Majesty.

And Mr. Alexander moved the House accordingly, ordered. Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill further to continue, for a time to be limited, the said Act of the 27th year ol His present Majesty: And that Sir. Alexander, Mr. Starves Bourne, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Veneris, 24° die Mali;

Anno 450 Georgii III. U Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

MR. Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom Glamorgan the Bill for more effectually making, repairing, and improving, several Roads in the County of gan< was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be in-

grossed.

A Bill for buiVling a Bridge over that part of the River Rnmney Bnmney which divides the Parish of in the County of Monmouth, and the Parish of Roath in the County of Glamorgan, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Morgan,

Sir Charles Morgan, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in Eau Brink, the 35th year of His present Majesty, for improving the fc-Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, part, of the committed.1 Great Level of the Fens ca’led Bedford and certain low lands adjoining or near thereto, and to the River Onze, in the County of Norfolk-, and for improving the Navigation of the said River from or near a place called Fait Brink to the Harbour of King's Lynn; and for improving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze -, was read a second

u

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Morgan,

Mr. Charles 'Yorke, he.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Baldioinreported from the Committee, to whom Petition

the Petition of several Trustees for amending and widen- respffting ing the Road from the Town of Rotherham to the Turn- RotherUm . pike Road at the East end of Ta Park, in the Ro.vis, County of York, was referred; That the Committee rePorW<1, had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the I louse; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,—Mr.

Charles Bourns being examined, said, That in pursuance of leave granted by the I louse, on the second day of this infiant May, Notices have been given of the application to Parliament for leave to bring in a Bill for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts, passed in the fourth and fourteenth years of His present Majesty, for repairing the said Road, and for increasing the Tolls thereby granted:

—And the Witness produced the Newspapers containing1 the said Notices.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon the 30th day of April last, was made frorp the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for executing the Acts thereinafter mentioned, was referred, might be again read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts, of the 4th and 14th years of His present Majesty, so far as*relates to the Road from the north end of the Town of Rotherham, to the east side of Tanker fey Park, in the County of York: And that Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Wilberforce, and

Mr. Henry Lascelles, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An

L-

304

24° Maii.

A. 1805,

Darfidd An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Tounship ll'CpScd!B‘"’ of Darfield, in the West Riding of the County of York,

was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Darfield, in the Wc-ft Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

5clby, See. Drainage Petition, reported.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of several Proprietors of the Low Lands, lying near and adjoining to the several Drains or Watercourses called the Darn Habholm-Dike, Flight Ditch, Fox Dike, and Lennerton Carr Dike, within the several Pari flics, Townships, or Places of Selby, Bray ton, Thorp Willoughby, Hambleton, South Milforlh, Park,

Wijlow, Caicood, Reg-Park, Lennerton, Sherburn, Biggin,

Church Fenton, Burkston Ash, and Little Fenton, in the West Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Drainage Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,—Mr. Richard Swallow, being examined, said, That the several Drains or Watercourses above mentioned are out of repair, by which reason the Lands lying contiguous therein, are subject to be overflowed; and that the Wear or Dam adjoining to the Soke Mill at Selby, dams up the said W aler, and the Low Lands lying near and adjoining to the said Dams, cannot be effectually drained without taking away the fame: And that if the said Lands were effectually drained, the Persons interested therein might considerably improve the fame.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in. a Bill for draining and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs, within the several Parishes, Townships, and Places of Selby, Drayton, Thorp Willoughby, Hambleton, South Mil-■ forth, Scalm Park, Wifioxo, Caicood, Reg Park, Lennerton, Sherburn, Biggin, Church Fenton, Little Fenton, arid Barkjion Ash, in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. Henry Lascelles and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

unto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table :—Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed, to the Committee to whom the fame was committed.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Sir Thomas pftivnof Stanley Shaggy Stanley, Baronet, w’hich was presented to SyThwui the House upon the 13th day of this instant May, and refem^-then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed; might be readAnd the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is recommitted; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his counsel, or agents, before the said Committee, roon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the' said Committee, that they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Counsel

ordered.

; ani

Ordered, That Mr. Pattefon do carry to the Lords, the Mfthwoid a ingrossed Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in inciofureBiii, t! the Parish of Melhwold, in the County of Norfolk; and j

desire the concurrence of their Lordships thereto. | 2

Duke of

Norfolk’s Estate Bill, committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Messuages and Hereditaments in and near Sheffield, in the County of York, and divers detached parts of the settled Estates of the most noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, in Trustees, upon trull to fell, and to enable the said Charles Duke of Norfolk to enfranchise certain Copyhold and Cnllomary Lands, parcels of certain Manors in the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Suffer, other parts of the said settled Estates; and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales and Enfran-. cliilements, in the purchase of more convenient Estates, and for other purposes therein mentioned; wras read a fecund time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hurg, Mr. Curieen, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Egerton reported from the Committee, to whom Crofsfani the Bill for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, passed in the 30th year of His reported!1’ present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Crofsford Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester; wras committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, wrere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

I !,

EnrV Ferry Mr. F.gerton reported^ from the Committee, to wdiom Bin, the Bill for improving the passage between the Town of n^o'niiiiucJ. Liverpool and the County of Cheger, at the Rock Ferry, on the River Mcrfey, and for levying Tolls on Vessels Tiling the fame, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Proprietors of a certain Manufactory,

• called (he Herculanean situate in Toxteth Park,

near Liverpool; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Bai-lills, and Burgesses of the Town of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster-, were severally referred;—That the

• Committee Lad eoniidered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there-

A Petition of William Robinson, Esquire, was presented Petition j to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Bramhope, inclosure Blit in the Parish of Otley, in the West Riding of the County:

of York; and setting forth. That the Petitioner signified his consent to the said Bill, upon condition that the Allotment of one-sixteenth part of the Lands to be inclosed to the Lord of the said Manor, should be in lieu and full satisfaction, as well of all right to the foil, as of all mines and minerals under the fame; and that the said Bill directs, that one-sixteenth part of the said Lands shall be allotted to the Lord of the said Manor as a compensation for his right and interest in and to the foil of the said j

Lands: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by his counsel or agent against such part of the said Bill as may assess his rights and interests, and that he may be at liberty to withdraw his consent to the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his counsel or agent, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

An

45 Geo. III. 24° Man.

•305

uC.

lill fJ?

>n*

re-

liis

id-

he

tid

ra

to

ii-

a-

id

id

id

ic

I,

e

2£I-

r

Redditch Chapel Bill* passed.

An ingrossed bill for building r Chapel in the Hamlet of sch, in the Parish of in the Counties

of Worrell er end Wancick, was read the third time.

lie/bleed.That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for huildinga Chapel in the Hamlet of in the Parish of Tardebigg, in the Counties of Worcester and iVnrzoick.

Ordered, That Mr. Mor daunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dt lire their concurrence.

Petition for lecave to present a Petition for Manton Inclolitrc.

Lure given.

Fetition,

preknted.

Spalding and Donington Roads Bill, wported.

A Petition of Frances IsabellMaster, of Yokes Place,

near Tunbridge, in the County of Kent, Widow, Committee of the Eft ate of William Esquire, a Lu-

natic, and John Blundell, Clerk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are, in the Lordship of Manton, otherwise in the County of Lincoln, several open and uninclosed fields, meadows, pastures, leys, arable and other grounds, and likewise divers ancient inclosed lands, grounds, and homesteads; and if the said open lands were inclosed, and the whole exonerated from tythes, they might be much improved; and that difficulties having occurred in settling the terms of the said Inclosure, the fame could not he adjusted so as to enable the Petitioners to profent a Petition for the purposes aforesaid before the time limited for receiving Petitions for private Bills had clap fed; and that it may be very prejudicial to the interests of the Petitioners, if an Act for inclosing the said Lands cannot be obtained in the prell-nt Session: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to present a Petition, for leave to bring in a Bill for those purposes.

Ordered, That in confident ion of the particular circumstanoos set forth in the said Petition, leave be given to present a Petition, asdefired.

Then a Petition of the said several Persons was presented to the House, and read •, containing the fame Allegations as the lad preceding Petition: And praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Pelha/n, and Mr. Cujt, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr . Chaplinreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed in the 4th and 24th years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spalding High Bridge to the Market Place in Donington, and from the tenth mile-done in the Parish of Go/ber/ozcn, to the eighth mile-done -in the Parish

of Wig to ft, in the County of Lincoln, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the I louse; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout.; and then a feeond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

‘•ommittfeon Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for CamberwcU, supplying the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Giles Vfaterttork* CamberxveH, and parts of the Parish of Saint Mary

t# fit'and beth, and several other parishes and places in the Counties , proceed. of Surrey and Kent, with Water, is committed; do fit and . ' proceed upon the said Bill on Wednesday next.

Baker* Mr. Shaw reported from the Committee, to whom the

Petition, Petition of several Bakers of the City of Dublin, was re-

■fpwed. ferred; Th.it the Committee had examined the matter

of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the fame was read; and is -as followeth; viz.

lo prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Acts, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, relative to the V01. Co.

price and aliize of Bread, were read t-r-rAnd, Mr. Patrick Magenis being examined said. That the said Arts have been found insufficient for the several purposes thereby intended, and that it is necessary that certain of the powers thereof should be altered, and other and additions^ powers granted; and that it would tend materially to far cilitate the execution of the several powers thereby intended, if the said Acts were repealed, and if pertain of the powers thereof, together with such other and additional powers, were comprized and contained in one Aft—That from the very great iricrease in price of every article used in the Baking Trade, and all things necessary to the sup* port of a Family, since the passing of the Act in 1793, which fixed the present allowance for baking, the Petitioners are unable longer to continue their business with credit to themselves or advantage to the Public, if not enabled by the bounty of Parliament to meet tire said increased and increasing expences.

Ordered, That leave be given to t>ring m a Bill, to repeal several Acts, passed in the Parliament of for regulating the Baking Trade in the City and County of Dublin, and Liberties thereof, and for Better regulating the said Trade; and for preventing frauds in the buying and selling of Corn: And that Mr. Shaw and Mr* John Latouche do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Richard Paul Jodrell, Esquire, was pre- Petition fented to the House, and read j taking notice of the Bill ^rink, for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the 35th see. year of His present Majesty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South levels, part of the great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and certain low land, adjoining or near thereto, and to the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk; and for improving the Navigation of the said River from or near a place called Eau Brink to the Harbour of King’s Lynn; and for improving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze; and setting forth. That the Petitioner feels himself aggrieved by several Clausesinthe said Bill:

And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself or counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a law in its present form.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee, have voices.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the Return yt 1 ft day of April last, that there be laid before this House, a Criminal Return of the Particulars of the Expences Incurred for Cri- tn Ireland?* minal Prosecutions in Ireland, conducted at the expence to be made of the Crown, from ill January 1795 to ift January 1801; might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Return be laid before this House forthwith.

Mr. Atkins reported from the Committee, to whom Broadwater the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Broadwater, in the County of Sussex, was committed; That the Com- rci>ort mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative lo Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; (except the Owner of 9 acres, or thereabouts, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owner of 19 acres, who was neuter; and that the whole of the property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure consists of 509 acres, or thereabouts; and that no person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, aiuf made several Amendments thereunto, which they had

.41 dir«sted

306

24° M

A. 1805.

directed him to report to the House; and he read the "Report in his'place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then A second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr.

Mr. Alexander, Mr. Stnrges Bourne, General,

Mr. Shazv, Mr. Odell, Mr. Burdon, Mr. and they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lords have agreed to

Land Tax Commi (Honors Bill

Slate Duty Bill.

Hinckley and Coven tiy Road Bill.

Melton Mowbray Road Bill*

A Message from the Lord?, 'by Sir William Weller Pepys and Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting into execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and five; and an Act, made in the thirty-eighth year of His present Majesty, for granting an aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have a creed to the Bill, intituled, An Act; for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 34th year of His present Majesty, as exempts Slate, the value whereof shall not exceed twenty shillings per ton, brought ooaftwife within Great Britain, from the Duty thereby granted; without any Amendment: And al so.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to revive, continue, and enlarge the Term and Powers of three Acts, passed in the twenty-seventh and twenty-ninth years of his late Majesty, and in the second year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of Hinckley, in the County of Ixicester, to the Tou'n of Nuneaton, in the County of and from thence to Bishop's Gate, in the City of Coventry’, Without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act; for rpore effectually repairing and improving the Road 'from Mellon Moivbray, in the County of Leicester, to the 'Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field Leicester, and another Road therein mentioned; without any Amendment

And then the.Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Hujkiffon presented to the House, according to Poll Horse

Order, a Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the DutV Bill> 27th year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Com- pre * ’ missioners of the Treasury to let to farm the Duties on Horses let to hire for travelling poll, and by time: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved. That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

1*1*

ivtji

Vslkr

Ea:eB

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Bill to amend reading of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 25th Act for year of His present Majesty, for better examining and apjlbUc auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, and for Accounts, enabling the Commissioners in certain cases to allow of con'mitted’ vouchers although not stamped according to law'; be now read :—And the fame being read;—The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. liejb’ved. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

U

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Acts, made in the 27th, 30th, 31ft, weft India

Ballot for Scleft Committee on Eleventh Report on Naval Enquiry.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the Members to prepare Lifts, to be put into glades, of twenty-one persons names, to tje the Select Committee, to whom the Eleventh Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry; respecting the Issue of Navy Bills for the purpose of railing Money—Loss arising from the mode of paying the Inter eft civ, Navy and Transport Bills—and Money imprested by the Navy Board for Secret Naval Services (except so far as the fame relates to circumstances con-hefted with the issue of £■ 100,000. for Secret Naval Services) is referred, to examine the matter thereof, and report the fame, as It shall appear to them, to the House j ’be now readAnd the fame being read;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Speaker’s Chambers, -and places adjacent, and summon die Members there to attend the service of the House.

And he went accordingly :—And being returned;— The Order, made -yesterday, directing the method of putting the said Lifts into glasses, was read.

Then the names of the Members being called over according to that order, those who then appeared severally; put the Lifts, by them prepared, into the glasses at the Table.

And the names of such Members as did not then appear were taken down.

And tffeir names being again called over, several of those Members appeared, and, in like manner, put the Lifts, by them prepared, into the said glasses.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the said Lifts, and to report to the House upon which twenty-one persons the majority falls:

32d, 33d, 36th, 37th, 41ft and 42d years of His present Free f>orU‘ Majesty, relating to the allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandizes into and from certain Ports in the West Indies; be now read:—

And the same being read;—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hujkiffon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hujkiffon reported from the Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please lo receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hujkiffon accordingly reported from the said Com- reported} mittee. That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill to con-solidate and extend the several Law's now in force for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the West Indies.

And Mr. Hujkiffon moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to con- Bill ordered, solidate and extend the several Laws now in force for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the West Indies: And that Mr. Hujkiffon, Mr. Roje, Mr.

Sturges Bourne, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

t lift*.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crowrn, to make out a new' Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Newtown, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Charles Chapman, Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s three Chi Item Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Newtowfl

Writ.

The House w'as moved. That the several Acts, passed Bill to expl«in

in the Reigns of Ric. II. Edw. IV. Ric. III. Hen. VII. Hen. VIII. Edw. VI. Phil. SC Mary, Elh. Jac. I., Anne, and Geo. I., concerning the Woollen Manufacture, might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Acts, and for establishing ] 1 certain

Acts

respecting the Woollen Manufacture

ordered.

45 Geo. Ill#

24° Mali*

sor

The Lords have passed

Waller’s Eliate Bill#

The Lords desire. Information Kipefting Earl St. Vincent.

C—

ra.tr

V.a

The House ■will fend an Answer.

e;or(tJ

Dublin Paving, &c.

Commission-en Bill, ordered.

ciri

, Irifc

:'5' Ikftion Bill, ■- read the third {in*.

■fi

fi

pertain Regulations relating thereto: And that Mr. Charles Brooke, Mr. Wilhajorce, and Sir William Young,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Sir William Weller

Pepysand Mr. Ord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for effectuating an Exchange between Edmund Waller and James Dupre, Esquires; and also an exchange between the said Edmund Waller and the Trustees of his settled estate; and also for vesting part of the settled Estate of the said Edmund Waller in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the clear surplus of the purchase Monies, under the direction of the Court of Chancery, in other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof and to the same uses, and for other purposes; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That the I^ords desire to be informed upon what grounds, and for what purposes, the Commons desire the Lords to give leave to the Earl Saint Vincent to go to the Select Committee of this House, to whom the several Papers presented lo this 1 Ioufe, relating to the repairs of His Majesty’s lliips the Romney and Sensible, while under the command of Sir Home Popham, are referred, to examine iqto the several matters contained therein relative to the said repairs, and to the proceedings of the Admiralty and Navy Boards, and of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, thereupon; and also to enquire into the cireum-stances attending the publication of the Report of the Navy Board, dated 20th February 1804, and into the loss of certain Vouchers and Documents on which that Report was framed; and also into the circumstances attending the impressing of Mr. Darn’d Bartholomew-, and to report the fame, together with their observations thereupon, to the House; and who were empowered to examine into the expenditure and purchase of all Stores for the use of the said Ships;—in order to be examined at the said Committee.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House wall fend an answer to that part of the said Meftage which relates to the Earl Saint Vincent, by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith:—And then they again withdrew.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to provide for the appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any irregularities or abuses which may have taken place in conducting and managing the paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin, and the environs thereof; and also to provide for the suspension of the powers and authorities of the Corporation of Directors and Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets, and for vesting the fame in other persons during such suspension; and for the better conducting and managing the business of the said Corporation: And that Mr. Nicholas Mr. Mr.

Shaw, Mr. John Latouche, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third' reading of the ingrossed Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 3,5th year of His present Majesty, for regulating the election of Members to serve in Parliament, so far as relates to Freeholds under the yearly value of twenty pounds, and for making further and other regulations relating thereto; be now read: —And the fame being read;—the said Bill was read the third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder; Form of Oath.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be quade part of the Bill, by way of Rytler.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to tfed Bill, by way of Ryder; Form of Schedule.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the VOL. 6o»

Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to bq

made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder; For granting additional Fees to the Clerks of the Peace.

A Motion-was made, and the Question was proposed.

That the said Clause be brought up.

And the said Motion was, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the further proceeding upon the third reading of the said Bill be adjourned till Monday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Ireland—1 reading of the Bill for the better regulation of Licences to persons in Tre/awddealing in Exciseable Commodities, and engaged in the several occupations therein mentioned, be now read:—And the fame being read;—the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon* the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Ireland— resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Committeeoa the Bill for the collection of the Malt Duties in Ireland, coi'ka^oiT* and regulating the trade of a Maltster, be now read:— Sill.

And the same being read;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they* had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, ac- Dublin cording to Order, a Bill to provide for the appointing Paving, tc« Commissioners to enquire and examine into any irregu- c°rfn;»on* larities or abuses which may have taken place in con- presented, ducting and managing the paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin, and to provide for the suspension of the powers and authorities of the Corporation of Directors and Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets, and for vesting the fame in other Persons during finch suspension; and for the better conducting and managing the business of the said Corporation: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Advancing Parliament of Ireland, in the 26th year of His present ^nTe0^or the Majesty, for the improvement of the City of Dublin, and o^Dubfin,^* the Environs thereof, by the better paving, lighting, and t(> be cleansing the fame, might be read:—And the fame was con"d*re"' read.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 30th year of His present Majesty, for extending the powers of the Corporation for paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin, and to enable the said Corporation to build a Bridge across the River Anna Lijfcy at Island Bridge, might be read:—

And the fame was read.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 37th year of His present Majesty, to amend and continue the last mentioned Act, and to enable the Corporation to borrow a certain film of Money for the purposes therein mentioned, might be read:—And the fame being read;

And a Motion being made. That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of empowering the h©rd Lieu-?

tenant

Ireland—

Revenues

fcegnlatio*

Bill,

deferred.

tri/h Small Debt* Bill, put off for six months.

Iflr of Man Trade Bill, deferred.

tfniYcrfitiet

Advowsona

Bill,

deferred.

SOS

24*—276 MaiL

A. 1805.

tenant to tlireft the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland to advance a film of money for the better Cfl'cfting the purposes of the said Acts;

Mr. Nicholas VanJittaYt, by His Majesty’s command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the subject matter of this Motion, recommends, it to the conllderation of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

deferred.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to Wj« and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee..

The House, according to Order, refotved itself into a committee Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, on Act consider of empowering the Lord Lieutenant to direct made in the 4ill year of His present Majesty, for granting the Lfcrds Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland to Bounties for taking and bringing Fish to the Cities of Fish. advance a sum of Money for the better effecting the pur- Imdon and Westminster, and other places in the United

poses of the said Acts.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole iToufe, upon the Bill to regulate the management and cotleftion of His Majesty’s Revenues of Cufroms and Excise in Ireland, by providing for the Commissioners of Customs there, having the like powers as are by law given to the Commissioners of Import Excise; and by providing further for vesting in the said Commissioners of Customs the management of the Port Duties, and in the Commissioners of Inland Excise the management of certain Inland Duties, be now read :—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Upon Mpnday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more expeditious recovery of Small Debts in Ireland, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon this day six months.

Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act.

And Mr. Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill order:! amend the said Act: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr.

Nicholas Vansittart, Mr. Foster, and Mr. Denis,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

reported.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Ireland—

Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Stamp Duties, for amending the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties, and for indemnifying Persons who have acted as Notaries Public, The Order of the day being read, for the House to without being duly licensed in Ireland. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Mr. Speaker left the Chair, the Bill for regulating and encouraging the Trade, for Mr. Hmet home took the Chair of the Committee, the improvement of the Revenue, and prevention of Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Smuggling to and from, the Isle of Man; Mr. Hawthorne reported from the Committee, That

Refotved, That this House will, upon this day seven- they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

• 1 A £* 1 * J /* 1 * A A1 P * 1 /"I _ J 1 MM /vizi’ll 41a AWAll A . «a«vKi AH ill Vl As 1 ma 4a —X-

Bil

up I

lift.

Wi

night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

A Bill for inclosing

Lands in the Parish of Great Great

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve jtself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to

repeal so much of an Act, passed in the ninth year of the ___

Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, Canfor in the County of Dorset, and in the Town and Canford, fcr intituled, "An Act to rellrain the Disposition of Lands, County of the Town of Poole, was read a second time. committed " whereby the fame become unalienable,*’ as restrains Befoked, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Garland,

Colleges within the two Universities of Oxford and Mr. Jeffery, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, Cambridge from purchasing or holding Advowsons, ex- in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ce^eirTba Kltfe will, upon Monday next, An.d.then the adjourned till Monday

resolve itself into the said Committee.

Morning next, Teivof the clock.

supply, The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-deferred. solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-• fnler further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bin for The Order of the day being read, for receiving the regulating the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom Pay matter/ the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the 23d year of His General, present Majesty, for the better regulation of the Office of

deferred. the paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, and the

more regular payment of the Army, and for the more effectually regulating the said Office, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday next.

Spanish Wine The Order of the day being read, for the House to <?iU' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon rie * the Bill for charging the like Duties, and allowing the like Drawbacks of Customs, on Red Wine

imported into and exported from Great Britain, as are now charged and allowed on French Wine imported and exported;

■ Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Luna?, 27° die;

Anno 450 Georgii III. U Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

MR. Babin gtoh reported from the Committee, to whom Weifori the Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, R® and improving the Road from Welford Bridge in the sported. County of Northampton, to Milfion in the Town of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found tire fame to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and tlren a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question l'everally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, b« ingrossed.

•Mr.

45 Geo. III.

27° Mail.

309

and Mr. Bubing'on reported from the Committee, to whom Vhtwirfc311 the Bill for enlarging the term and powers of two A els, load Bin, paired in the 30th y<'ar of his late Majesty, and in the 23d cported. r jjs pj-osent Majesty, for repairing the Road from

Markfeld Turnpike to the Road leading from Loughborough to Ashhy-dc-la-Zoiich, in the County of

was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then asecond time, one by one; and, upon the Question l’e-verally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

logrolled

■cciterand Mr. Babington reported from the Committee, to whom

x-tervorth the Bill for more etieetually repairing, widening, and im-to»l Bill, proving the Road from the Borough of to the

tportt. y,nvn of Lutterworth, in the County of was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and alte wards deliverer! the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally v it 'hereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Report on A Motion being made. That the Report which, ijpon uicefttrand the 13th day of this inlhmt May, was made from the Cu-i Bi!i'on Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Wercon- Proprietors of the Leicesterfh and Sdered. Union Canal, to vary the line of the said Canal, and to alter and amend the powers of the Act passed for making the said Canal, was committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further consideration;

And the House being informed, that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the door to the Members of this House, upon the 15th day of this instant May, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; to prevent the Line being deviated from, unless with the consent of the Proprietors of Lands.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the further proceeding upon the said Bill be adjourned till Tommorrow.

ianan’s Sir John Wroftcjey reported from the Committee, to

whom theingrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled. An ^j’an Act for exchanging part of the Fee Simple Eft ate of Sir John Buchanan, Baronet, in the County of Northumberland, for his settled Estates in the Counties of Bedford anil Buckingham, was committed; That, the Committee

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:— ^nd the said Bill was read the third time.

Befohed, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his "Warrant to Dornocfc, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Wnu electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Dili riel of Burghs of Dornoch, Tam, Dingwall, Wick, end Kirkwall, i n the room of the Right ho-

nourable John Charles' Vddiers-, who linee his Election for the said District of Bur hs, hath accepted the oflice of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

A Motion being made. That the Report which, upon Report on the 17th day of this instant May, was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for altering, amending. Company’* and enlarging the powers of certain Acts, for making and maintaining the Grand Junction Canal, w'asre-committed, considered. and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further consideration;

And the House being informed, that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the door to the Members of this House, upon Tuesday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further consideration. '

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Qucition severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

kJ

Mr. Baldwin presented to the House, according to Rotherham Order, a Bill for enlarging the term and powers of two Road5 Bill, Acts, of the 4th and 14th years of His present Majesty, preente so far as relates to the Road from the North end of the Town of Rotherham, to the Ealt fide of Park,

in the County of York: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Cox well’s veiling certain Trust Estates in the Trustees of the Set- Estate Bill, tlement executed on the Marriage of Henry CoxwcV, commiUed* Esquire, and Margaret his wife; was read a second time.

Ref>k ed. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin,

Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Broadwater Broadwater, in the County of Sussex, was read the third lnc^[|"je Bill* time. p,i e

Ref deed. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldzcin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham presented to the House, Aldboum according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Eicioiure Bill, Parish of Aldbourn, otherwise A Id borne, otherwise Alhorne, prelaued-

in the County of Wilts: And the fame w as received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Tythings of Enford, &c.

Fifield, Coombe, Lovgstrect, and East Chifenbury, in the inclolu,c Kill, Parish of Enford, in the County of Wilts •> was read a comraitted’ second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham, Mr. Goddard, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

4 & Mr.

Cliildwall

Inclosure Billj reported.

Seoukon Inclosure Bill, presented.

Briningham Inclosure Bill, presented.

Earl of Alh-bumham’s Estate Bill, reported, and parted.

Franftiam, &c. Inclosure Bill, committed*

Claughton Moor Inclosure Bill, committed.

Waller’* Estate Bill, read.

310

27° Mail

A. 1805.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manors or Townships ot Great Wool-ton, Little Wool ton, and in the

Parish of , in the County Palatine of

was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their content to the Bill, to the satis-faction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of 6 acres of Land, who could not be met with; and that the whole of the Lands aftefted by the Bill consists of 1,224 acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were , agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Martin Broivne Folkes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Scoulton, in the County of Norfolk: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Sir Martin Browne Folkes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parities of Briningham, Sl and Brinton, in the County of Norfolk: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Sir Alartin Broivne Folkes reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates comprized in the Settlements executed on the Marriages of,

afterwards the Wife of John Earl of and

Theodosia, afterwards the Wife of Charles Boone, Esquire, in new Trustees, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Martin Broivne Folkes do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

and for laying out the clear Surplus of the Purchase Monies, under the direction of the Court of Chancery, in other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the iiime uses, and for other purposes; was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and County Petition fro of the Town of Southampton, was presented to the House, Soiltll:n'n"tM. and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners would feel Tenth themselves criminally indifferent were they not to ex- on. Naval £». press their gratitude for the Votes of the House on the <luiry'

8th and iotli days of April last, which declared Lord Viscount Melville guilty of a gross violation of the Law, and a high Breach of Duty, Votes which have diflufed joy and confidence throughout every part of the United Kingdom; and that, among the various Irregularities mid Abuses which have been detected and exposed by the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, none has created more jealously and alarm in the breads of the Petitioners, than the application of Monies, appropriated by the Legislature for the uses of the Navy, to other purposes, a practice replete with danger to the Constitution and to the liberty of this Country; and that the detection of such malversations in one Department of the State, induces apprehensions that others may not be more faithfully and honellly administered: And the Petitioners, therefore, think it their duty to implore the National Representatives, That their intention, already manifested, of instituting Enquiries into every branch of the Public Expenditure, may be speedily carried into effect, a mea-fiire calculated to compose the Public Mind, to confirm the confidence, and to secure the unanimity and energy, of the People.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Lords Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled. Amendments An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Coljlenoorth, Colfterworth in the County of Lincoln, and for making Compensation for the Tythes arising within the same Parish.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 26.

Pr. 9. 1. 22. Leave out " of either."

After " Brown/’ insert " or the Sur-" vivor of them/’

After "Church" insert "Notice." After " Lands" insert " respectively." Leave out " respectively."

After " of" insert " the."

The" said Amendments being severally read a second time; were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

Ordered, That Mr. Tumor do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordlliips.

Pr.

3°-

1. 22. 1. 24.

1- 37-1. 24. 1. 26. 1. 32.

A Bill for inclosing I^inds in the Parishes of Great Fransham, Little Fransham, and North Pickenham, in the County of Norfolk; was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Martin Browne Folkes, Mr. Coke of No&c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for inclosing a certain Tract or Parcel of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, called Claughton , within and Parcel of the Manor of Claughton in Lonsdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for converting the fame into a Stinted Pasture; was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James Graham, Mr. Stanley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for efteftuating an Exchange between Edmund Waller and James Dupre, Esquires; and also an Exchange between the said Edmund Waller and the Trustees of his settled Estate; and also for veiling Part of the settled Estate of the said Edmund Waller in Trustees to be sold.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Lords Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Plumptree, inclosure Bill in the County of Nottingham. aBr*ed t0‘

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followethj viz.

Pr. 11. 1. 8. Leave out from " Award" to " And" in line 37; and insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " Provided always, and be it further " Enacted, That no Person flia.ll be " capable of acting as an Umpire in the execution of the Powers given " by this or the said recited Act, until " he shall have taken and subscribed " the Oath following; that is to say,

" I do swear. That I will faitli-" fully, impartially and honest-" ly, according to the bell of " my /kill and judgment, exe- ,

" cute and perform the several <$ Powers and Authorities veftec

" and reposed in me as an Um-

" pire.

Totnes Roads Bill, reported.

Broidmaine Inclosure Bill, reported.

Shields Light-houses Bill, pretented.

45 Geo. III.

27° M

311

tc pire, by virtue of an Act " passed in the forty-fifth year *’ of the reign of His Majesty " King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for inclos-" ing Lands in the Parish of " Pl in the County of " Nottingham," 'ticcording to " equity and good confidence,

" and without favour or afiec-" tion, prejudice or partiality to " any person or persons whom-" soever.

'So help me God."

" Which Oath it tliall be lawful for " the said Commissioners, or either " of them, to administer; and the said " Oath so taken and subscribed by " such Umpire, tliall be annexed to " and enrolled with the Award of the " said Commissioners, and a Copy of " the Enrolment thereof tliall be ad-" milted as legal evidence."

The said Amendment being read a l’eeond time, was, upon the Quel tion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Tumor do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this I louse hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Sir I.awrence Palk reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of two Acts, passed in the 3d and 24th jrears of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from or near the North fide of the Town of Totnes towards Ashhurlon and other Places, in the County of Devon, and for building a Bridge at or near a Place called Emmett, across the River Dart, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotTcd.

Mr. Afldcy reported from the Committee, to whom the

Bill for iuclosing Lands in the Parish of Broadmaine, in the County of Dorset, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Brandling presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Master, Pilots, and Seamen of the Trinity House of Neicca/He upon Tyne, to erect two.new Light I loufes at North Shields', at or near the Port of Newcastle, and to raise a fund for defraying the

charge thereof: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Vql. 60.

The Ixtrd ITenniker reported from the Committee, to Broad (Kirs whom the Bill for amending an Act, passed in the 32d year of His present Majesty, for repairing or re-building the Pier adjoining to the Harbour of Broadjhiirs, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed^ him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and aftenvardsdelivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments ( were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, > w ere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, Petition from of the County of Northumberland, held at Morpeth on the 24th of May 1805, was presented to the House, and ing the Tenth read; setting forth, That the Petitioners beg leave to congratulate the House, on the result of the difeuflions qUiry. that have taken place in the House, respecting the gross peculation and misapplieation of the Public Money, in open defiance of the Law, that have been detected by the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry; and they pray the House to persevere in that virtuous line of conduct, which on that important occasion difi’used such general satisfaClion throughout the Country; and they intreat the House not only to continue their enquiries into the abuses in the department of the Navy, but to extend the fame into every branch of the Public Expenditure, and to adopt a solid and permanent system of Economy, well convinced that rigid frugality alone can enable this Country to support the present enormous weight of public burthens, and fiiftain the awful contest in which we are engaged: And the Petitioners implore the House to punifit guilt, however protected or exalted, and to refeue from peculation and plunder a loyal People, who have ever willingly contributed to the real exigences of the State, and who never complain but wdien their generous temper is imposed upon, and thus will the Commons of the United Kingdom confirm the confidence of the People, and instil into the hearts of all good men, a warm and Heady attachment to the British Confutation.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Committee on supplying the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Giles Camberwell Camberwell, and parts of the Parish of Saint Mary Lam- BTn,'tofit"not beth, and several other Parishes and Places in the Coun- withstanding ties of Surrey and Kent, with Water, is committed; have Adj°urnmenf-leave to fit, notwithstanding any adjournment of the House.

A McfTage from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and Mr. The Lords Smith: . have agreed.

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act shirburn for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Shirburn, in the inclosure Blll; County of Oxford-, without any Amendment: And also, The Lords

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for luve Pafred veiling certain parts of the Estates late of Mary Greene, Greene’s Widow', deceased, situate in the County of Norfolk, and state Blll‘ by ber Will deviled or limited to ft rift uses, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying part of the Monies arising from the sale thereof, in discharge of an Incumbrance subsisting thereon, and for laying out the residue of such Monies in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same uses; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

Ami then the Meftengers withdrew.

Mr. Leyvefter reported from the Select Committee,-to Report from whom the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Sclc£l Enquiry (respecting the Office of the Treasurer of His Tenth Report Majesty’s Navy) was referred, to enquire into the appli- on Naval

cation EniJui:y-

312

27° M

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 58.)

cation of any Monies issued to the Treasurer of the Navy for Naval Sen ices, to purposes not Naval, and whether any and what Representations were made to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or the Chancellor of the Exchequer, respecting the withdrawing froin the Bank any sums of Money, so issued, since the passing of the Act of 25 Geo. III. c. 31; and also, into the Proceedings had for the recovery of the Debt due to the Crown by the late Adam ;—That the Committee had considered the matters to them referred; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table; and, with the Appendix, be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Report is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 6. 1. 21. After " Aft" to infort " except such " as relate to the Payment of Tolls " more than once a day."

Pr. 17. 1. 6. After " for" to insert " the Division of " Holland-m."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed in the 4th and 24th years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spalding High Bridge to the Market Place in Donington, and from the tenth milestone in the Parish of Gojbertoivn, to' the eighth milestone in the Parish of

Wigtqft, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Chaplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Account* The House being informed, that Mr. Montague (from chamberlain’* the Office of Chamberlain of the City of at-

ortice, tended at the Door; he wras called in; and, at the Bar, presented. presented to the House, pursuant to the di rest ions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London on 5th July 1804: And also.

Several other Annual Accounts of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London— for Sewers Mid Paving—for purchasing the Tolls on the River Thames—for the Improvements at Temple Bar and Snow Hill—for Lighting and Repairing Blackfriars Bridge—for making Streets from to Bishopf-

gate Street, &c.-—for making more commodious, and better regulating the Port of London—for Mooring Chains in the River Thames—and, respecting the advancement of Money out of the Consolidated Fund for the Improvement of the Port of London.

And then he withdrew; and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

Anderby A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in

committed!* ’ the County of Lincoln, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chaplin, Mr. Cujl, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Petition A Petition of several Owners of Lands and Grounds again it, in the said Parish of Anderby, was presented to the House,

fCotinfel111 and read; taking notice of the said Bill; And setting

ordered. forth, That the fame contains divers clauses and provisions, which will, if carried into effect, be very prejudicial to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their agents or counsel, against such parts of the said Bill, as may assess them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their agents or counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have voices.

Spalding and An ingrossed Bill to continue the term, and alter and Ponington enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed in the 4th and paired.Blll> 24th years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spalding High Bridge to the Market Place in Donington, and from the tenth milestone in the Parish of Gojberloxvn, to the eighth milestone in the Parish of Wigtoft, in the county of ; was read

the third time.

Lord Charles Somerset Manners presented to the House, Swa/rham

according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Infiurrej Townlliip of Sioaff'ham Prior, in the County of Cam- presented bridge: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

1

Sir Charles Price reported from the Committee, to London whom the Petition of the Wardens and Assistants of the ‘ Fellowship of Carmen, of the City of London, was refer- reported*, red; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,—An Act of Common Council, made in the year 1665, was produced to Your Committee; whereby it appeared, that the President and Governor of CkrijTs at

London, were entrusted with the Rule and Government of the Cars, Carts, Carroons, Carters and Carmen, and other Persons; and by the said Act the number of Carts allowed to wurk for Hire within the said City and Liberties, were limited to Four hundred and twenty, and the respective Owners thereof were directed to pay the sum of Seventeen shillings and four-pence per annum, for the exclusive privilege of working such Carts for Hire within the said City and Liberties, to the President and Governors of the said Hospital.—Then an Act of Parliament, made in the 40th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts,

« and other Works, for the greater accommodation and security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within " the Port of London," was read; by which, certain Powers and Authorities were given, for the making of satisfaction and compensation for the loss and damage that the several Free Carmen of the City of London might sustain, by means of the trade or business carried on from the present legal Quays, and from the other Quays and Wharfs called Public Foreign Sufferance Wharfs, being diverted :—And Mr. Thomas be-

ing examined, said. That the Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, directed by the said Act to he. made, are nearly completed; and that the Trade and Business from the old Quays to the new Docks, is now diverted; by which the Petitioners (who have spent the greatest part of their lives in the business of Carmen) are very much injured; and that, unless some immediate relief is granted to them, it will tend to the utter ruin of their Families.—And the Witness further said. That the powers and authorities of the last mentioned Act, which directs compensations to be made to the Carmen for their Losses, are totally insufficient for enabling them at this time t® bring such proofs of the loss and damage sustained, as is by the said Act directed to be eompenfated forinaf-much that such compensation is not to be fixed and settled till after the expiration of three years from the q present

t

■1 :j

G no.IIIi

27° M

313

present time;, and tliatr by. the dcfcrtion of their business, of August one thousand eight hundred and five, Com- commission

P >th Sul'H D«Ms L’rlJw

committed.

the Carmen will not have the means of procuring a livelihood, in the way they were accustomed to do before the Act passed, and must be obliged to dispose of their Horses and Carts, and be driven to seek a different employment.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for the more fpcedvand easy recovery of small Debts in the City of Bath, and the Liberties thereof, the Parish of Walcol, and the several Parishes and Places in

the Hundreds of Built forum and Welfare, and the Liberties of Hampton and Clovertoil, and Ea/lon and Atrori'l,

in the County of Somerset, was read a fecoml time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. son, Lord George Thorne, &cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

milBoners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are, or have been lately 0 r received in the several Public Offices in Ireland therein mentioned, to examine into any abuses which may exist in the fame, and into the present mode of receiving, collecting, ilfuing, and accounting for Public Money, in Ireland; might be read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the said Act: And that Mr. , Mr. Nicholas Vunfit tar I, Mr. Ormjhy, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the day being read, for the third reading Lancaster of the iiigrossed Bill to empower the Justices of the Just"* Bill,

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 4ill year of His present Majesty, for preventing income-

Billrtfpe fling Bankrupts entitled to

Privilege of _ # _

Parliament, Persons as are within the deferijuion of the Statutes re- posed. That the said Bill be now read the third time;

ordered. " * * '* — * - * ■* " ‘ '

nieneies arising in cases of Merchants, and such other

empower

Peace within the Division or Hundred of Sa'ford, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to raise a Salary to be paid to the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions for the said Hundred;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-

passed.

luting to Bankrupts, being intitled to privilege of Parliament, and becoming insolvent, might be read:—And the fame being rend;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act, and to prevent delay in the entering Appearances in Actions brought against persons having privilege of Parliament: And that Mr. Serjeant Bed, Mr. Garrorv, Sir William Curtis, Mr. Alderman Combe, and Mr. Hilliard, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Bill to amend The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 13th Afis respect-' year of His present Majelivjfor the more effectual exfccu-tjw^ofdcrell. *fi°n of die Criminal Law s in the two parts of the United Kingdom, might be read :—And the fame was read The House was also moved, That an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, to render more easy the apprehending, and bringing to trial. Offenders efeaping from one part of the United Kingdom to the other, and also from one County to another, might be read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Acts: And that Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Solicitor General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the word "now," and, at the end of the Question, to add the words " upon this day three " months."

And the Question being put, that the word " now," Hand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tollers for the Yeas. } "5-

rr. , tf Mr. Share Lefevre,

Tellers for the Noes, J 51 Mr. Liu fan:

*3-

Accounts, &c.

prdented:

Comptroller* of Army Accounts.

Revenues

from

Territorial

penden-

cies.

dpptndisy

{No. 59.)

Bill to

ton tin ue,

F«es, Sic.

Mr. Hvjl.iffonpresented to the House, pursuant to the

directions of an Act of Parliament,—A L:li of the Accounts delivered into the Office of the Comptrollers of the Accounts of the Army linee 51)1 January 1793, whereon any Balances appear to be now owing to or from the Public; speei lying the names and services of the Accountants, and the progiefs marie upon their respective Accounts, together with the time when they w'ere respectively delivered in, and the Balances severally reported to be due, and the Amount and Date of the Payments which have been made in diIt barge thereof, and the Amount of such Balances as are still unpaid; so far as the fame can be ascertained by the said Comptrollers, or by the Lords Conuniftioners of His Majesty’s Treafu ry.

Mr. JIvf ifbn also presented to the House,—A Paper intituled, " Return to an Ol der of the House of the 6th " May 1805, for an Account of all Public Revenue which " has arisen to the United Kingdom of Great Britain " and Ireland, from the Territorial Dependencies thereof

" since the ill January 1801, as far as th.e fame can be " ascertained —And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Lift and Return do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Lift and Return be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Return is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

The House was moved. That an Act made in the Iaft

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the third time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the third time.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 4. After " vacant," to insert, " or any newr " Appointment shall become necef-" fary under this Act."

1. 7. To leave out " such Sessions," and insert " the General Quarter Sessions of " the Peace for the said County, holdeii " within the said Hundred and Divi-" fion," instead thereof.

1. 11. To leave out "required," and insert " authorized arid empowered, when " and so often as they shall deem it " fit and necessary to do so," instead thereof.

I. 38. After " otherwise," to insert, " or the " person appointed thereto, shall not " continue to discharge the Duties " thereof, or shall not remain in the <c Commission of the Peace for the said " County."

1. 39. To leave out " thereto," and insert " to " the said Office," instead thereof.

Pr. 3. 1. 2. To leave out " such," and insert "some,"

" instead thereof.

After " Newspapers," to insert " provided also, that the said Clerk of the " Peace or his Deputy shall."

After " him," to insert " notify the fame " to the said Justices by letter ad-" dressed to them respectively as aforesaid, and by publication in one or " more of the said New spapers."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to empower the Justices of the Peace within the

1.

1.

19.

21.

Session of Parliament, for appointing, until the first day Division or Hundred of Salford, in the County Palatine Vot, 60. 4 L of

Committee appointed to draw up an Anl'wcr to Lord? Message respe&ingEarl St. Vincent.

Mi mites of Committee on Duke of AthoH'* Petition, presented#

Confident ion of Report on Duke of Atholl’* Petition, deferred*

Report of Members to be the Select Committee on Eleventh Report on Naval Enquiry.

314 27® Mali. A. 1$05,

of Lane after, to raise a sum of money, to be paid determined by way Daniel , Esquire - - 8b

of Salary to the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions for the John Kingston, Esquire ----- 8o

said Hundreds Sir Robert Williames' Baronet - - - 8a

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the William Rest, Esquire - - - ----- 79

Lords, and deOre their concurrence. Ordered, That the said Committee do meet To-mor-

row, at twelve of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

The House proceeded to take into consideration, that and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records, part of the Message from the Lords of Friday last, which Ordered, That Seven be the Quorum of the said

relates to the Earl St. Vincent. Committee.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to ad-up an Answer to be given thereto. journ from time to time, as they shall think fit; and to

Ordered, That the Select Committee who were ap- report their proceedings, together with their observations pointed, upon the 8U1 day of this instant May, toexa- thereupon, from time to time, to the House. mine into the several matters contained in the Papers pre- Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fit fented to, this House, relating to the Repairs of His Ma- during the fitting, and notwithstanding any adjournment jesty's ships the Romney and Sensible, while under the of the House. command of Sir Home Popham, and for other purposes,

be the said Committee. The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Reported

into further consideration the Report from the Committee R'd*.

Mr. Stanley presented to the House, pursuant to their of the whole House, to whom the Bill for encouraging further^.

Order,—A Paper, intituled, " Minutes of the Evidence tire Residence of Stipendiary Curates on their Cures, was fidered.

" relating to the House of Keys, taken before the Com- re-committed :—And the Amendments made by the " mittee, to whom the Petition of the Duke of Atholl is Committee to the said Bill being severally read a second " referred —And the Title was read. time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some

Ordered, That the said Minutes do lie upon the Table, of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to.by Ordered, That the said Minutes be printed, for the the House.

Members of the House. A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; directing

The laid Minutes are preferred aroongst the other that in Parishes where more than one officiating Minister Papers of this Session. is necessary, others shall be appointed.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the The House was moved. That the Order made upon Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be Thurday last, for taking into consideration, upon Thurs- made part of the Bill.

day next, the Report which was made from the Com- Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill -, mittee upon the Petition of the Duke of Atholl, and for allowing the Bishop to require from the Incumbent other matters relating to the Isle of Man; might be read: a statement of the value of his Benefice.

—And the fame being read; And the said Clause was brought up; and twice read

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. with Blanks.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into considera- And it being proposed to fill the said Blanks with cer-tion upon Wednesday sevennight, the 5th day of June tain pecuniary Penalties;

next. Re That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Com-Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, who mittee of the whole House. were appointed to examine the Lists of twenty-one Per- Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Ions names, to be the Select Committee, to whom the itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Eleventh Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry; said Clause.

—respecting the issue of Navy Bills for the purpose of The House accordingly resolved itself into the said raising money—Loss arising from the mode of paying the Committee.

Intefeft on Navy and Transport Bills—and, Money im- Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

prelled by the Navy Board for Secret Naval Services (ex- The Lord Glenbervie took the Chair of the Committee,

cept so far as the fame relates to circumstances con- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

nested with the issue of £. 100,000 for Secret Naval Ser- The Lord reported from the Committee,

vices); is referred; to examine the matter thereof, and re- That they had gone through the said Clause, and made' port the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House— several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed and to report to the House upon which twenty-one Per- him to report, when the House will please to receive the fons the Majority fell;—That the Committee had exa- fame.

minedthe Lifts accordingly; and had directedhim to report That the Report be now received,

the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he The Lord Glenbervie accordingly reported from the read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed is as followeth; viz. him to report to the House; and he read the Report in

The Committee find, that the Majority hath fallen his place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the upon the following Persons; viz. Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

The Right Honourable Lord Glenbervie - - - 82 Amendments were twice read; and, upon the Question

The Right Honourable Lord Binning - - - - 82 severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Peter Patten, Esquire - -- -82- And the said Clause was, upon the Question put

The Right Honourable George Canning - - - 82 thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of

Miles Peter Andrews, Esquire ----- 82 the Bill.

The Right Honourable Charles Bathurst ---81 Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; to Henry JodrelV, Esquire - - - - 81 enable Churchwardens and Overseers to bring Actions in

The Right Honourable Lord Henry Petty - - 81 their own names for penalties.

Snowdon Barne, Esquire ----- 81 And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the

Charles Wat kinWilliamsWynn, Esquire - - - 81 Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be

Robert Holt Leighi Esquire - -- 81 made part of the Bill.

Charles Stewart Hawthorne, Esquire - - - - 81 Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; to The Pviglit Honourable Denis Browne - * - - 81 prevent Bishops granting any portion of the Glebe held

Robert Steele, Esquire - ---"---*81 under Lease, without consent of the Tenant.

Charles Montague Onntby, Esquire ...... 81 And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the

Benjamin Hobhouse, Esquire ----- - 80 Question put thereupon, agreed to by the I louse, to be

John Campbell, Esquire - - - - So made part of the Bill.

Another

45 Geo. III. 27° Mail 315

Another C.lause was offered to he added to the Bill; for allowing an appeal from the decilion of the Archbishop to the King in Council.

And the said Clause was read the first time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being piit, That the said Clause be read a second time j—It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; that the Act shall not extend to Incumbents absent from their Livings by reason of their holding certain Ofiices.

A Motion Was made, and the Quell ion being put. That the said Clause be brought up ;—It p tiffed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments Were made, by the TIoufe, to the Bill.

Another Amehdment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in so. 2.1.10; by inferring after the word " Monition," thele words, <e assigning therein the cause of his dissatis-" faction, and requiring him forthwith to.reside on."

And the Question being put. That those words be there inserted;—It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Thursday next.

printed. Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, be printed, for the Members of the House.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to

AJvowione re^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Jil). the ingross’ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to relirain the disposition of Lands, " whereby the fame become unalienable," as restrains Colleges within the two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge from purchasing or holding Advowsons, except as therein is provided; be now read:—And the fame being, read;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Friday next.

Paper*, Mr. Dickinson, junior, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

favai office* A Return of the number of Persons promoted to the promoted, rank of Lieutenant, of Lieutenants to the rank of Mailer and Commander, and of Commanders to that of Poll Captain, respectively, from the ill January 1793 to the 20th May 1805; specifying the number of each rank promoted in each year, and distinguishing those made at home from those made on foreign service; and Hating who were the first Lord Commissioners of the Admiralty during the said period; and distinguishing each change in the said Office, and the date thereof: And also, lips An Account of His Majesty’s Ships and Vessels com-nmanded Handed by Post Captains, Mailers and Commanders, ■bint, Uc. and Lieutenants, from the ill January 1793 to the ill January 1805 :—And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Papers be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Papers ate preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Pon* ^r- R°fe presented to the House, according to Order,

!, * a Bill to consolidate and extend the several Liws, now in »«L force, for allowing the importation and exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the West Indies: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To-morrbw.

Vol. 60.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to UJ*P 7* consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read :—And the fame being read;

A Motion was made. That the Report from the Com- Report* of mittee, appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Great Britain referred.* for the year 1805, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such prdvision for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Great Britain for the year 1805, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made. That the Report from the Committee, who were appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Great Britain in time of Peace, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such provision for defraying the Expence of Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Great Britain in time of Peace, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made. That the Report from the Committee, appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Expence of Allowances to be made to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied in pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s command, acquainted the House, Thai His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make such provision for defraying the Expence of Allowances to be made to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied in pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion was made. That the Report from the Committee, appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge, of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland, and of the Expence of Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the said Militia in time of Peace, for the year 1805, be referred to the said Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House, to make provision for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland, and of the Expence of Allowances to be made to certain Subaltern Officers of the said Militia in time of Peace, for the year 1805.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the Houft^ will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit. again.

Resolved, That, this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Dublin reading of the Bill to provide for the appointing Com- CommTiiio0-missioners, to enquire and examine into any irregularities er* £ijit°n* or abuses which may have taken place in conducting and committed.

managing

Ireland— Stamp Duties Bill, reported.

Ireland— Malt Duties Collection Bill, reported.

Ireland— Committee on Excise licences Bill

Act respecting Duties on Woollen Goods exported, to be considered.

316 27° Mail. A. 1805.

managing the paving, cleaning, and lighting the Streets of Dublin, and to provide for the suspension of the powers

and authorities of the Corporation of Directors and Commissioners for paving, cleaning, and lighting the said Streets, and for veiiing the fame in other Persons during such suspension; and for the hotter conducting and managing the business of the said Corporation; be now read: —And the fame being read;—the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That ihe Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Hand home, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty certain additional Stamp Duties, for amending the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties, and for indemnifying persons who have acted as Notaries Public, without being duly licensed, in Ireland, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Thursday next.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the collection of the Malt Duties in , and regulating

the trade of a Maltster, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Thursday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the B ll for the better regulation of Licences to persons in Ireland, dealing in Excileable Commonities, and engaged in the several occupations therein ment ioned; be now read:—And the fame being read;—the Iloufe re-i’olved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Con: mil tee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had direct ed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 43d year of His present. Majesty, for granting to I lis Majesty, during the present War, and until the Ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peace, addit ional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain, might be read:—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will, To-morr.. v, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider of so much of the said Act as relates to the Duties chargeable on Woollen Goods, of the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to places Within the limits of the charter of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies. ‘

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee on Temporary Laws of a public and general nature—and who 1 were instructed to report their opinion, from time to time, to the House, which of the said I^aws are lit to be revived, continued, 01 made perpetual;—That the Committee had made a further enquiry, and had come to several other Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followed!; viz.

Resolved,'Y\\&\ it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 33d year of his late Majesty King George the Second, to continue an Act, made in the iztli year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the better encouragement of the making of Sad Cloth in Great Britain, which was to continue in force until the 2gth day of September 1767, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by three Acts made in the 8th, 14th, and 22ft years of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 29th day of September 1788, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, and by an Act made in the 29th year of His present Majesty, was amended and further continued until the 29th day of September 1795, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, and determined by two other Acts, made in the 36th and in the 39th and 40th years of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 29th day of September 1804, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 9th year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the further encouraging and re-. gulating the Manufacture of Briti/k Sail Cloth, and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom, which was to continue in force from the 24th day of June 1736, for the term of five years, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the 13th, 24th, and 31 ft years of his said Majesty’s reign, and the 4th, 12th, 18th, and 26th years of His present Majesty’s reign, was further continued until the 29th day of September 1792, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; and by another Act, made in the 33d year of His present Majesty, was amended and further continued until the 29th day of September 179 7, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was, by two other Acts, made in the 36th and in the 39th and 40th years of His present Majesty, further continued until the 29th day of September 1804, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion ofthisConnniltce, That an Act, made in the 19th year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign-made Sail Cloth imported, into this Kingdom, and for charging all Foreign-made Sails with a Duty, and for explaining a doubt concerning Ships being obliged, at their first lett ing out to sea, to he furnished with one complete set of Sails, made of British Sail Cloth, which was to continue in force from the 24th day of June 1746, for the term of seven years, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the 26th and 32d years of his said late Majesty, and of the sith, 14th, 22d, 29th, 36th, and 39th and 40th years of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 29th day of September 1804, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual; with Amendments.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, to permit the Exportation, for two years, of a certain 13 quantity

Report

Expirirj

Laws.

45 Geo. III.

ZTMaii.

317

quantity of Com, Grain, Meat, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Pu'l'e, to the llhmds o\' Guenfeu, Jersey, and,

from other Ports in England, as well as the Port of Southampton, under certain restrictions; is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the ioth year of His present Majesty, as relates to regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and of the Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America, which was to be in force from the ill day of August 1770, for the term of two years, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by four Acts, made in the 12th 14th, 19th, and 23d years of His present Majesty, was further continued until the ill day of August 1786, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament *, and allb so much of an Act, made in the 16th tear of His present Majesty, as relates to the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, in the Island of Newfoundland, which was to continue in force so long as the said Act of the ioth of His present Majesty; and which were revived and continued by two Acts of the 34th and 39th and 40th years of I lis present Majesty, until the 9th day of May of May 1804, and from 'thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit tomade perpetual.

ii 'ftfficvf.That it is tiel Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 39th year of His present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to prohibit the Exportation, and permit the Importation of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other articles of Provision, without payment of Duty, to continue in force until six weeks after the commencement of the next Session of Parliament, and which was continued by an Act of the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, and amended and further continued by several subsequent Acts, until the 25th day of March 1805; is expired, and fit to be revived and further continued.

Ref lived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 44th year of His present Majesty, for permitting, until the 5th day of May 1805, the Importation of Hide*, CalfSkins, Horns, Tallow, and Wool (except Cotton Wool) in Foreign Ships, on payment of the like Duties, as if imported in British or Irish Ships; is expired, and fit to be revived and continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for continuing until the ill day of July 1804, an Act pa (led in the 42d year of His present Majesty, for regulating, until the 15th day of February 1803, the Prices at wdiich Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland; and also an Act, made in the 44th year of His present Majesty, for continuing the said Act, and for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland, and which was further continued, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, until the 1 ft day of July 1805; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it isthcOpiuionof this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, as relates to the admission to entry of Oil or Blubber of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, actually caught and taken on the Banks and Shores of the Iftanrl of,

and parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty’s Subjects Carrying on the said Fishery from the said Island, and refiefing therein, on payment of the Duty by the said Act imposed on Train Oil or Blubber of Newfoundland of British Fish’m g; which was to continue in force until the 25th day of December 1S04, and which was, by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, continued until the; 23th day of December 1805; is near expiring, and fit to he continued.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

repeal an Act, made in the 23d year of His present paymaster Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Office of the General, Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, and the reporle more regular Payment of the Army, and for the more edeftually regulating the said Office; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; ami then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to determined by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third tiffie upon Thursday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for resuming the In* adjourned Proceeding upon the third reading of the in- Ep^j. * grolfed Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the 35th year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, so far as relates to Freeholds under the yearly value of Twenty pounds, and for making further and other Regulations relating thereto; be now read :—And the fame being road ;—the House resumed the said adjourned Proceeding.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 7. 1. ult. After " Charge," to insert " So help " me God."

Pr. 8. To leave out from the beginning of the

Press to rt And" in Pr. 10. 1. 6.

Pr. 11. 1. 3. After " D." to insert " or in case the said Freehold be not for Life or " Lives, then Hating the nature of " his Tenure."

Pr. 13. 1. 16 & 7To leave out " thereunto " and insert 17. J " hereunto" instead thereof.

Pr. 14. 1. 26. After "Peace" to insert " or his " Deputy."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for amending-an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the 35th year of I lis present Majesty, for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, so far as relates to Freeholds under the yearly value of Twenty ponnds, and for making further and other Regulations relating thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Bagivell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Bill for further continuing an Act, made in the 27th Post Horse year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to let to farm, the Duties on horses let to hire for travelling Post, and by Time, was,

• according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Notice being taken, That His Majesty’s Interest is King-’* concerned in the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Mary on the Ilill, in the County Palatine of Chester-, cheftej * which Bill w as, upon Monday last, read a second time, incfofuieBiJl, and committed;

Mr. Rose, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majest v, having been informed of the purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they flia.ll think fit.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Bill, for the of Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill to solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- ?ltvenfmn

vol 60. 4 m ssi."6

31S

27°—28° Mail A. 1805.

fider further of the Bill for the more effectual prevention of Smuggling;

Befohed, That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

lilt to amend The Order of the day being read, for the House to ing pubHc*1" resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Accounts, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 25th year

deterred. of His present Majesty, for better examining and audit-

ing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, and for enabling the Commissioners, in certain cases, to allow of Vouchers, although not damped according to Law.

Befohed, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Sp*nifli wine Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to deterred*1*' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for charging the like Duties, and allowing the like Drawbacks of Customs, on Red Wine

imported into and exported from Great Britain, as are now charged and allowed on French Wine imported and exported, be now read:—And the fame being read;

Befolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday sevennight, the 5th day of June next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways and Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to deferred resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read:—And the fame being read;

Befohed, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-MoneVa,fo"S ^ve i^lf into a Committee of the whole House, to con-fmproving ftder of empowering the Lord Lieutenant to direct the

.Dublin, Lords Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland to

ee * advance a Sum of Money for the better effecting the purposes of several Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 26th, 30th, and 37th years of His present Majesty, for the Improvement of Dublin;

Befolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Acts relating The House was moved, That an Act, made in the to Loyalty 37th year of His present Majesty, for raising the sum of comfidered. Eighteen Millions by way of Annuities, might be read:— And the fame was read.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the 42d year of His present Majesty, for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Exchequer Bills, might be read :—And the fame was read.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, for amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts, passed in the 37th and 42d years of His present Majesty, might be read :—And the fame being read;

Befolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

Greene's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

fcitate Bill, for veiling certain Parts of the Etlates late of Mary read. Greene, Widow, deceased, situate in the County of Nor-

folk, and by her will devised or limited to llrift uses, in Trustees to be sold; and for applying part of the Monies arising from the sale thereof, in discharge of an Incumbrance fubfi ft ing thereon, and for laying out the Residue of fitch Monies in the purchase of other Estates, to be l'.-t I led to the same uses; was read the tirft time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

The other Order of the day being read;

Ireland— Befohed, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve Reguhtion *nto 11 (- oinrn'ltee of the whole House, upon the

Bin, deferred. Bill to regulate the management and collection of His Majesty V Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, by providing for the Commissioners of Customs there, having the like Powers as are by law given to the Commissioners of Import Excise; and by providing further for vesting in the said Commissioners of Customs the management of the Port Duties, and in the Commissioners of Inland Excile the management of certain Inland Duties.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 28° die Mail;

Anno 45* Georgii IIItU Regis, 1805.

Prayers

AN ingrossed Bill for altering, amending, and enlarg- Grand juM.

ing, the Powers of certain Acts, for making and 11011 <-anai maintaining the Grand Junction Canal, was read the BiEiicd third time.

Befohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of certain Acts, for making and maintaining the Grand Junction Canal.

Ordered, That Mr. Praed do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Broadpine Broadmaine, in the County of Dorset, was read the third time. p

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Broadmaine, in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. AJldey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Shaw Lefevre reported from the Committee, to New whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Nero Alresford, in the County of Southampton, was committed; reported. That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of-Inclo-sure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Penruddocke Wyndham reported from the Com- Norton mittee, to whom the Bill for dividing certain Hands in the ^purcBiit, Parish of Norton Bavant, in the County of Wilts, and a reported, certain Common Meadow called Pit mead, in the said Pari ill of Norton Bavant, and in the several parities of Warmivfer, Bi/liopfiow, and Sutton in the said

County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were once read throughout; and then a

second

45 Geo. III. 28° Mail319

feeond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Ru1j, An ingossed Bill for continuing the term, and altering u, paiied. and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 3d and 24th years of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from ov near the North fide of the Town of Tobies, towards Ashburton and other places, in the County of Devon, and for building a Bridge at or near a place called Emmett, across the River; was read the third time.

Refilled, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the 3d and 24th years of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from or near the North fide of the Town of Totnes, towards A/hburton, in the County of Devon, and for building a Bridge at or near a place called Emmett, across the River Dart.

Ordered, That Sir Lawrence Palk do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

oiimorpin An ingossed Bill for more effectually making, repair-Ko_uisi>iii, jn{^ an(j improving, several Roads in the County of ' Glamorgan, was read the third time.

Refdved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually making, repairing, and improving, several Roads in the County of Glamorgan.

Ordered, That Sir Robert do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

chiUwaii An ingossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manors or 1,^ure^11' Townships of Child-wall, Great Wool ton, and Little Wool-tiU ’ ton, in the Parish of Childwall, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing T^mds in the Manors or Townships 1 of Childwall, Great Woolton, and Little ,in the

Parish of Childioall, in the County Palatine of

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

pttition for A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and Over-p"(ent» seers of the Poor, of the Parish of All Saints, in the Town Petition for of Lewes, in the County of Siiffex, and of several other Cmch Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Church of the said Parish is in so ruinous and decayed a Hate, that Divine Service could not for a considerable time pad be with safety performed therein, and the Tower of the said Church is greatly out of repair; and it is necessary that the said Church should be taken down and rebuilt upon a more enlarged scale, and that the Tower thereof should be substantially repaired; and that it was not fully aspertained till the 24th instant, that the only effectual mode of executing the purpose aforesaid, M ould be by an Act of Parliament; and that it will be productive of great inconvenience and detriment to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, if the fame cannot be obtained in the present Session: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to present a Petition for a Bill to efteft the purposes aforesaid.

avfgivsn. Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular circumstances set forth in the said Petition, leave be given to present a Petition, as desired. inteS’ Then a Pet ition of the said several Persons was pre-e' fented to the I loufe, and read; containing the fame Allegations as the preceding Petition: And praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid. 1

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Francis O/horne,

Mr. Henry Shelley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s VOL. 60.

Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

The House was moved, That the Report, which was tondori Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Wardens and Assistants of the Fellowship of Carmen of the City of London, was referred, might be again read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, u for the greater accommodation and security of Ship-* ping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of " Londonas directs that Compensation shall be made

to the Governors of Chris's llofpi, and to the free Carmen of the City of London, for the Damage such Carmen may sustain, by making the said Docks; and for granting to them the exclusive right of carting for hire from the said Docks and other Works: And that Sir Charles Price, Mr. Alderman Combe, Sir William and Sir John William Anderson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Brooke presented to the House, according to Bill to explain Order, a Bill to explain and amend several Acts con- re(-A^n the cerning the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain, and woollen for establishing certain regulations relating thereto: And Manufacture, the fame was received; and read the first time. *n eute ’

Resolved, That the Bill be read a feeond time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a feeond time upon Thursday sevennight, the 6th day of June next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Egerton reported from the Committee, to whom st. Mary’*

the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Mary on the Hill, in the County Palatine of was com- reported,

mitted; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a feeond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill for continuing the term, and alter- Crofsfon! ing and enlarging the powers of an Act, passed in the 36th year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road p^ed.1 * leading from Crofsford Bridge in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Altrincham in the County Palatine of Chester; was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging, the powers of an Act, passed in the thirty-sixth year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Crofsford Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Altrincham in the County Palatine of Chester.

Ordered, That Mr. Egerton do cay, the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The Lord Glenbervie, from the Select Committee, to Message to

whom the Eleventh Report of the Commissioners of Lords for Naval Enquiry;—respecting the Issue of Navy Bills for t<TheexamiL the purpose of raising money—Loss arising from the ed.at a Co®' mode of paying the Interest on Navy and Transpost Bills—and. Money imprested by the Navy Board for Secret Naval Services (except so far as the same relate to circumstances connected with the issue of JJ. 100,000

for

320

28° Mali.

A. 1805.

for Secret Naval Services); is referred; to examine the matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House; acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Select Committee to move the House, that a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire that their Lordships will give leave to the Lord Viscount Sidmouth the Earl of Buckinghamshire, and the Earl Sf. inccnt, to come to the said Seleift Committee, in order to be examined at that Committee.

And the Lord Glenbervie moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to desire that their Lord ships will give leave to the Lord Viscount SidmovJh, the Earl of and the

Earl St. Vincent, to come to the said Select Committee, in order to be examined at that Committee.

Ordered, That the Lord Glenbervie do carry the said

Message.

Btamhope Mr. Henri) Lascelles reported from the Committee, to reported*whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Bramhope, in the Parish of Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of William Esquire, was

referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £.1. 155'. od.\, who refused to sign the Bill, and also the Proprietors of Estates act'efied at £.4. 7 s.zd.i, who were neuter; and that the whole . property of.Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed

at JO. 28. 9*. o d.\per annum); and that the Committee . had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Roads, wdth more than four horses, was committed:—

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Thursday next.

Resolved, That this House will, at the rising of the Adjournmesr. House this day, adjourn till Thursday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Commits resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of empowering the Lord Lieutenant to direct improving the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland, to Dubli"-advance a sum of Money for the better efiefting the purposes of several Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the 26th, 30th, and 37th years of *His present Majest v, for the improvement of Dublin, be now read :—

And the same being read;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuined the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into Report further consideration, the Report which was yesterday made from the Committee on Temporary Laws of a further public and general nature—and who were instructed to considered. report their opinion, from time to time, to the House, which of the said Laws are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; be now read :—And the fame being read:—The House proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

And the Resolutions of the Committee being read & second time;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the hvhole House, to consider of the Acts mentioned in the said Resolutions.

Accounts, presented:

Corn, &c. imported.

Arrears and Balances of Land Kevenue.

The House being informed, that Mr. Glover, from the Commissioners of the Customs; attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant. to their Order,

An Account of all Corn, Grain, and Flour, imported into the Port of London, or any other Port in England and Wales, from Scotland, ft nee the 1 ft of October last, to the latch period to which the fame can be made up; together with a Duplicate.

Mr. Glover also presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the total amount of the Arrears and current Balances due, on the 5th of January 1805, from the several Porfons employed in receiving or collecting the I.and Revenue of the Crown i from the

5th of January 1774.

And then he w ithdrew: And the Titles were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the last of the said Accounts be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Report on The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Bill to amend jni0 further consideration, the Report from the Com-Bw.jsr Act, Blit tec of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend further so tnuch of an Act, made in the 13th year of His present coniHiered. Majesty, for regulating the Turnpike "Roads in

as relates to the recovery of the Penalties therehv imposed on persons driving Waggons, having the fellies of the wheels of Iefs breadth than six inches, on Turnpike

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second West India reading of the Bill to consolidate and extend the several Laws now in force for allowing the importation and ex- mined, portation of certain Goods and Merchandize, into and from certain Ports in the West Indies; be now read:—

And the same being read;—the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Upon Thursday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the wThole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to /f ^aS consider of so much of an Act, made in the 43d year of Dutirs 0a His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty, during WooUea the present War, and until the ratification of a Defini- eXp*ted. tive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain, as relates to the Duties chargeable oq Woollen Goods of the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to places within the limits of the charter of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; be now read :—And the fame being read;

—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

7 Mr.

.1!

V

fi:

cn

U

Urt

V"S5i

U D

L-

L:L?:

k

45 Geo. III. 28° Mail 32I

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolutiou; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday next.

v'lrefpccting The House was moved, That an Act, made in the anthem jSth year of His present Majesty, for the further encou-Fiihcrjstobe raging the Southern Whale Fisheries, might be read:—■ coiiiidered. And the same being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Ordered, That the Order of the day\ for resuming tlx; Leicester ami adjourned Proceeding upon taking into further confide- Biff0*1 ration the Report, which was made from the Committee, te-commiited. to whom the Bill to enable the Company of. Proprietors of the Leicestershire and Northamjitonthire Union Canal,

to vary the Line of the said Canal, and to alter and amend the powers of the Act passed for making the said Canal, was committed, be now read:—And the fame being read

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That said the Bill be re*committed.

• Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee* to whom the fame w'as committed.

Dublin The House was moved, That an Act, made in the police Bill, parliament of Ireland in the 35th year of His present *f eK Majesty, intituled, "An Act for more effectually preserv-" ing the Peace within the City of Dublin and the district * of the Metropolis, and establishing a parochial Watch " within the said City," might be read:—And the farrie being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more elleftual Administration of the office of a Justice of the Peace, and for the more effectual prevention of Felonies, within the district of Dublin Metropolis: And that Mr. Nicholas Vanfittar Mr. Mr. John touche, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Motioti being made, That the ingrossed Bill for in- Tredington closing Lands in the Parish of Treding in the County of Gloucester, be now read the third time;

Mr. Rose, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty,-having been informed of the purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as FI is Majesty’s interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Admiral Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defxre their concurrence.

WirWfld and An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the term and powers of vh'iwick, two Acts, passed in the thirtieth year of his late Majesty, and in the twenty-third year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from to the Road

leading from Ijoughborough to , in the County of Leicester; was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth year of his late Majesty, and in the twenty-third year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Mark field Turnpike to the Road leading from Loughborough to Aftiby-de-la-Zouch, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Babington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

flj to The Lord Glenbervie reported, That he had, according tie Ws, to Order, been at the Lords, to desire that their Lord-AtKMhnce* ^'Ps give leave to the Lord Viscount Sidmouth, the Earl of Buckinghamshire, and the Earl St. Vincent, to come to the Select Committee of this House, upon matters contained in the Eleventh Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry; in order to be examined at that Committee: And that their Lordships gave for answer, that they would fend an answer by Messengers of their own.

An ingrossed Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from Bridge in

the County of Northampton, to Milfton Lane in the Town of Leicester, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from Welford Bridge in the County of Northampton, to Milfton Lane in the Town of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Babington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

wttnrorSf An ingrossed Bill for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from the Borough of *W. Leicester to the Town of Lutlcncorth, in the County of Leicester; was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, the Road from the Borough of Leicester to the Town of Lutterioorth, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Babington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

of certain Peer*,

Welford Bridge *oad Bill, Pftd,

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Ireland— Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ^fences Bill the better regulation of Licences to persons in Ireland nportod. * dealing in Exciseable Commodities, and engaged in the several occupations therein mentioned, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Thursday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Ireland— resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Revenue!^ the Bill to regulate the management and collection of gukiionBiU. His Majesty’s Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, by providing for the Commissioners of Customs there, having the like powers as are by law given to the Commissioners of Import Excise; and by providing further for vesting in the said Commissioners of Customs, the management of the Port Duties, and in the Commissioners of Inland Excise the management of certain Inland Duties; be now read:—And the fame being read; the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Popham and Mr. The lw5* Smith: Wagr.rf

Mr. Speaker, -

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act WnwDuties for making perpetual certain additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported into Great Britain, granted by two Acts, passed in the forty-third and forty-fourth years of His present Majesty; and to allow a drawback of the said duties to Admirals, Captains, and other Commis-

4 N honed

322 28*

fioned Officers, for Wine contained on board His Majesty’s ships of war j without any Amendment: And

aiio,

Bill to The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act appoint Com- to appoint Commissioners to enqiiire and examine into enquirelnto Bublic Expenditure, and the conduct of Public Bu-rhe Public ’ l'rness in the Military Departments therein mentioned;

: an^ to report such observations as shall occur to them Amendment, for correcting or preventing any Abuses and Irregularities, and for the better conducting and managing the business of the said Departments; to continue in force for two years, and from thence until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the then next Session of Parliament with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And olfo.

Bill to The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act continue to continue, until the end of the next Session of Parlia-rnimon^rj"1 nient, and amend an Act, made in the forty-third year Act, with an of His present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to Amendment* enqUjre and examine into any Irregularities, Frauds or . Abuses, which are or have been practised by Persons employed in the several Naval Departments therein mentioned; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

property The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act with^Amend *° repea^ certain parts of an Act, made in the forty-third 1 ' year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution

on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, and to consolidate and render more effectual the Provisions for collecting the said Duties; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for eflfefting the Sale or Exchange of certain Real Estates and Hereditaments, late of Samuel Lord Viscount

Montague, deceased, and laying out the Money thence arising in the purchase of other Real Estates; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place, and * afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Militia Pay. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

Provision be made for the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Great Britain, for the year 1805.

Allowances Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

to Adjutants, provision be made for making Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia disembodied in pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty.

Allowances Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

to Militia Provision be made for making Allowances in certain officers. cafog to Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Great Britain in time of peace,

jiiffi Militia Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

Provision be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland, and for the Expence of Allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the said Militia in time of peace, for the year 1805.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Petition from A Petition of the Governors and Committee of the fcavaiAfylura. Naval Asylum, whofb Names are thereunto subscribed, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Mali, . 1805.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; felting forth. That the Petitioners have observed and deplored, that, in this Nation, no provision whatever was made for the Orphans of those brave Men, whose lives have been devoted on board of His Majesty’s Royal Navy to the defence of His Empire, and therefore undertook to form an Asylum for the reception of- such Orphans, aided by the munificence of the Royal Family, and by the liberality of the Public, where to not only the brave Defenders of their Country may look for the future support and protection of their Orphans, but wherein Orphans of like description are now’ reared by the Petitioners for the service of their King and Country; and that, in order to carry their objects into full efteft, the Petitioners do humbly petition Parliament for Public . Aid; and, in conformity with their former exertions, they trull, that by their application of any Grant now made to them, the present liberality of Government will prove fnture economy to the Nation; and that, with respect to the sum requisite for the purchase of Ground and the erection of Buildings for the Asylum, the Committee repose on the Geuerofity of Parliament, while they beg leave to point out tw’o precedents; the one is a Grant, during the space of fifteen years, from 1756 101771 inclusive, of <£. 33,000. per annum, on an average* to the Foundling Hospital; the other is a Grant, last year, of £. 32,400. after preceding annual Grants to a much larger amount, to the Military Asylum at Chelsea: And < the Petitioners hope also, that Parliament will, as in the case of the Foundling Hospital, be pleased to render the Asylum and its limits free from all Parliamentary and parochial Dues and Rates, except those already imposed thereon, and from all parochial Jurisdiction whatever, civil and ecclesiastical.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Borlafe Warren, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Mr. Attorney General presented to the House, ac- Bill»amend cording to Order, a Bill to amend two Acts, of the 13th acts respea-and 44th years of His present Majesty, for the more effectual execution of the Criminal Laws, and more easy presented. apprehending and bringing to Trial Offenders escaping from one part of the United Kingdom to the other, and from one County to another: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Thursday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Dickinson, junior, presented to the House, pup- Account*

suant to their Orders, $M

r An Account shewing the number of Line of Battle presented. Ships and Frigates, of each fate, launched betw’een 1 ft January 1783 and 31ft December 1792; distinguislxing those launched from the Merchants Yards from those launched from the King’s Yards: And also.

An Account shewing the number of Line of Battle Ships and Frigates, of each rate, in commission and inordinary, at the several Yards on ill January 1793: And also.

An Account shewing the number of Line of Battle Ships and Frigates, of each rate, in commission on ill January 1794, not including the Ships in commission for Harbour Service: And also.

An Account of the number of Line of Battle Ships and Frigates, of each rate, launched from the King’s and Merchants Yards between ill January 1793 and 18th February 1801; shewing the number added to the Navy by purchase or capture; also, the number that have been fold, taken to pieces, captured by the enemy, or loft out of the service: And also,

An Account of the number of Lane of Battle Ships >1 and

meats.

*f he Lords have passed

Lord Montague’s ill ate Bill.

Bill rea4#

Report

Supply,

45 Geo. III.

28°—30"

323

and Frigates, of each rate, launched from the King’s and Viewing the quality of the Timber Imported from the Merchants Yards betw een the 19th February 1801 and Continent in the year 1802: And also,

29th April 1802; shewing the number added to the Navy determined by purchase or capture; also, the number that have been fold, taken to pieces, captured by the enemy, or loll out of the Service: And also,

An Account of the number of lane of Battle Ships and Frigates, of each rate, launched from the King’s and Merchants Yards between the 30th April 1802 and the 8th March 1803; shewing the number added to the Navy by purchase or capture; also, the number that have been fold, taken to piece*, captured by the enemy, or loft out of the Service: And also.

An Account of the number of Line of Battle Ships and Frigates, of each rate, launched from the King’s and Merchants Yards between the 9th March 1803 and the 15th May 1804; shewing the number added to the Navy by capture or purchase; also, the number that

An Account of the principal articles of Naval Stores in the King’s Yards, as near to the following periods as the Returns from, the Yards will admit; viz. 18th February 1801—8th March .1803—15th May 1804—and 30th April 1805: And also.

An Account of the additional Naval Force ordered to be provided between the 15th and 30th May 1804.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Papers he printed, for th% Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved among ft the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into fur- Bill for the ther confuloration the Report from the Committee of the E""u"fe' have been fold, taken to pieces, captured by the enemy, whole House, to whom the Bill for the encouragement of or loft out of the Service: And also, Seamen, and for the better and more efte&ually manning again;

An Account of the number of Line of Battle Ships and His Majesty’s Navy, was re-committed; . re-committed

Frigates, of each rate, launched from the King’s and Mer- And the House being informed, that some further chants Yards between 16th May 180 { and 30th April Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Refill That the said Bill be again re-committed.

RefiThat the said Bill be again rc-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that

1805; shewing the number added to the Navy by purchase or capture; also, the number that have been fold* taken to pieces, captured by the enemy, or loft out of the Service: And also.

An Account shewing the number of Line of Battle Ships and Frigates, of each rate, in comm'. Turn on the 31 ft they have Power to make provision in the said Bill for

December of each year, from 1794 to 1798, both inclusive, and on 18th February 1801, 29th April 1802, 8th March 1803, 15th May 1804, and 30th April 1805, not including those in commission for 1 Iarbour Service: And also,

A Lift of Ships of the Line and Frigates building on the 18th of February 1801; distinguiUiing those in the King’s Yards and those in the M rchants Yards; shewing the time each was launched, or is expected to be launched: And also,

A Lift of Ships of the Line rv d Frigates building, or

insuring regularity and dispatch iri thcdecifioii of Appeals in cases of Prize;—It passed in the Negative.

Refilved, That this Jdoufe will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. •onGdtred;

Mr.Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Robert Ward took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rob-rtWard reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend*-

ordered to be built, on the i^lii May 1804; distinguish- meets thereunto; which they had directed him to report, ing those in the King’s Yards from those in the Mer- when the House will please to receive the same.

chants Yards; shewing when each was ordered to be laid down or contracted for, when taken in hand, when launched or expected to he launched, and dating the reasons, if any, why the said Ships have not been taken in hand: And also,

An Account of the number of Building Slips, in each

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday next.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Refilved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, Poll Horfo resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

Dock Yard, fluting the highest Kate Ship which each is the Bill for further continuing aii Act, made in the 27th

~ ----- !.. J ~ ~ 2 L AT r* FT* __ . r. a x M n> r it .1 *r

capable of receiving, how occupied on the 15th May 2804, and from what period so occupied: And also,

An Account of the number of Line of Battle Ships and Frigates of each Rate now in connniftion built in the Merchants Yards, also the number in commission captured from the Enemy: And also,

Copies of Correspondence between the Admiralty and Navy Boards, on the subject of building Seventy-four Gun Ships, in January 1803; also Copies of Tenders for building Seventy-four Gun Ships, received at that time: And also.

Copies of Correspondence between the Admiralty and Navy Boards, on the subject of building Seventy-four Gun Ships, in 1805: And also.

year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to let to farm the Duties on Horses let to hire for travelling Poll and by Time.

Refilved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, Bill so amend resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon A*PuMicf11* the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 25th year of His Accounts, present- Majesty, for better examining and auditing the deferre<1* Public Accounts of this Kingdom, and for enabling the Commissioners in certain cases to allow of Vouchers although not stumped according to Law.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, fcommittee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to datin^to consider of several Acts, made in the 37th and 42d years Loyalty Loan,

An Account of Ships and Vessels ordered to be built of His present Majesty, and in this present Session 01 PaN deferred.

n k dx n m 1-* \ JT am . 1 ® a 1 1 * a 1 1 V 1 a T

in the King’s Yards, and con traded for in the Merchants Yards, between 18th February 1801 and 15th May 1804; dating the time when ordered, when taken in hand, and when completed or expected to be com* pleted: And also.

An Account of Ships and Vessels ordered to be built in the King’s Yards, and contracted for in the Merchants Yards, between the 15th May 1804 and the 30th April 1805; dating the time when taken in hand; and when completed or expected to be eompleted: And

Copies of Letters and Papers received by the Navy Board from the Officers of His Majesty’s Dock Yards, between March 1803 and May or June 1804touching the quantity of Timber in (lore: And also.

Copies of Letters from the Officers of the Dock Yards, Vol. 60.

liament, relating to the Loyalty Loan.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next. Ten of the clock.*

Jovis, 80° Mali;

Anno 450 Georgii III'" Regis, 1805; Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands, in the Pari New Alresford, in the County of Southampton, w;

read the third time.

of |for

Alresford Inclosure Bill, pitfed.

Refilved,

324

30° Mail

A. 1805.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass t And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of ford, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Shaw Lefevre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

hock Feny Mr . Egertonreported from the Committee, to whom

B*iWpwted. ^e Bill for improving the passage between the Town of Liverpool and the County of at the Rock Ferry

on the River Mersey, and for levying Tolls on Vessels using the fame, was re-committed; and to whom the Petition of Sir Thomas Stanley Massey Stanley, Baronet, was referred; That the Committee had heard counsel in support of the said Petition, and had also heard counsel in favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had made one other Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

vered till after the time fixed by the House for receiving Petitions for Private Bills was elapsed: And therefore praying, That leave may be given to present a Petition for a Bill to ratify and confirm the said Award and Decree,

Ordered, That, in confuleration of the particular cir- L«Tf gir:i cumstances set forth in the said Petition, leave be given to present a Petition as desired.

Then a Petition of the said several Persons was pre- Petition, fented to the House, and read; containing the fame Prelea"'L Allegations as the preceding Petition: And praying that leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Johnflont, Mr. Wilberforce,

&c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine 1

of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, paper's, and records.

ingrossed.

Rotherhithe Mr. James Graham reported from the Committee, to reponedfand whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Road or re-committed. Roads under the River , from the Parish of Saint

Mary Ro'herhithe in the County of Surrey, to the oppo-

flte fide of the said River, in the County of was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Rulers, Auditors, Comptrollers, and Assistants, of the Society or Company of Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the River Thames, between Grave fend and Windsor, under their Common Seal, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the

Committee, to whom the fame was committed.

Mr. Babington reported from the Committee, to whom leicefterand the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the WortiumptM Leicestershire and Norlhamptonshire Union Canal to vary re-committal

the Line of the said Canal, and to alter and amend the Bin.rtpwi powers of the Act passed for making the said Canal, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie Upon the Table.

Petition for A Petition of William Lord Archbishop of York, and ^resent * *he humble Petition of several other Persons, interested in Petition* certain Lands in the Township of Hutton's Ambo, in the

respecting County of York, was presented to the House, and read;

Ambo * setting forth. That, in the year 1712, an Award was made Inclosure. jn pursuance of articles of agreement between John then Archbishop of York, and the Owners of estates in the said Township of Hutton's Ambo; under and by virtue of which Award the said Archbishop, the Tythe Owner, took an allotment in Land in lieu of his glebe lands And right of common, and money payments in lieu of the Tythes of the Estates belonging to the other Proprietors; and the Open Fields, Pastures, and Commons in the said Township, were divided among the Owners thereof; and that the said Award was, in the year 1712, confirmed by a Decree of the High Court of Chancery, and ever since that time the Estates in the said Township have been considered to bp, and have been held as tythe free, and the several allotments in Land set out under and by virtue of the said Award have been held in severalty by the several Proprietors thereof, and that it hath very lately been discovered that the said Award and Decree are not binding and obligatory on the See of York, and that great incon-’ venience and detriment would arise to all Parties concerned, if the fame were to be set aside or disturbed; and that one of the principal Proprietors of Land iii the said Township hath lately contrafted for the sale of his Estate there, and unlofs an Act for ratifying and confirming the said Award and Decree, can be obtained in the present Session, great injury will arise to him thereby; and that the circumstances above-mentioned were not difeo-

Sir William Curtis reported from the Committee, to London Port whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council reported, assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to give Power for railing any further or additional Rates, Tolls, or Duties, or for varying the Line of the Canal: and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,—Two Acts; pa(fed in the 39th and 43d years of His present Majesty, for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of London, were read:—And James Montague, Esquire, being examined, said. That great progress hath been made in carrying into execution the several Works authorized and directed to be done by the Petitioners, by and under the said Acts; and the whole of the Money advanced under the authority thereof, hath been expended in and about the said Works.—That the said Works are in a very forward state, but cannot be completed, according to the intentions and directions of the said Acts, unless a further sum of Money be provided for that purpose, and. the powers and provisions of the said Acts are in some respects altered and amended.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

I.

fU,

! i.

Mr. Shaw presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal several Acts, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for regulating the Baking Trade in e

the City and County of Dublin, and Liberties thereof, and for better regulating the said Trade; and for preventing Frauds in the buying and selling of Corn: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Hawkins Browne presented to the House, pursuant Seconder? to the directions of an Act of Parliament, The Second ^nerS; Report of the Commissioners for making and maintaining Cukdomw an Inland Navigation, commonly called The Caledonian Cliwl‘

Canal,

\]\ to amend

urnpike

ixuls

iii'ctk

from C;remiretr, jrlarive 10 bringing Coa.s to Jani'.on by Ca-uls.

«uat of

ot ■*T.;.ucn-c j

!’-;ry in *•*, nied.

45 Geo. III.

30° J/^/A

325

'Canal, from the Eastern to the Western Sea, by and Fort William, in Scotland:—And the Title was

read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed, for the Members of the IToufe.

The said Report is preferred among!! the other Papers of this Section.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrafted Rill to amend so much of an Act; made in the 13th rear of His present Majesty, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in as relates to

the recovery of the Penalties thereby imposed on persons driving Waggons, having the fellies of the wheels of less breadth thanfix inches, onTurnpike Roads with more than four horses; be now read :—And the fame being re id; the said Rill was read tire third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Rill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 9. After "the" to insert "said."

1. 10. To leave out " who shall sue for the " fame."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Rill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the thirteenth year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in England, as relates to the recovery of the Penalties thereby imposed on persons driving Waggons, having the fellies of the wheels of less breadth than six inches, on Turnpike Roads with more than four horses.

Ordered, That Alh Matthexcsdo carry the Rill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Dickinsreported from the Committee, appointed

to enquire how far it maybe expedient toallowCoals, to a limited extent, to be brought to by the Grand Junc-

tion and Paddington Canals, upon payment of the fame Rates and Duties to which Coal* brought coal!wife into the Port of London are now liable; and to report the fame, as it should appear to them, to the House ;and to whom

the foveral Reports which were made to this House in the Year 1800, from the Committee, who were appointed to enquire into the State of the Coal Trade of this Kingdom j •—and w ho were empowered to report their proceedings, together with their opinion thereupon, from time to time, to the House ;—That the Committee had examined the matters to them referred; and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the IToufe; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinionof tlris Committee, That the prest’ure of time, and the variety of evidence necessary to a thorough inveliigation of the subject referred, will preclude them from making a full and satisfn&ory Report; and therefore they submit to the eoniideration of the House, the expediency of either eftivtually prohibiting the carriage of Coals to the Metropolis by the Grand Junction Canal (until a full enquiry ilia.il be made); or of allowing a limited quantity, not exceeding 50,000 tons, to be lb carried, until the ill day of June 1806, such Coals paving the fame duties as Coals brought coaltwavs, and fuel) rates, as to the wisdom of Parliament may seem med; leaving the question of the expediency or general policy of the measure open to difeuflion in a Committee to he appointed !br that purpose early in the next Session of Parliament, if the House shall lb think tit.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the

Office of the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland, attended at the door; he was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, nurfuant to their Order,

An Account of the Sal tries payable to the present Coiiuniliiouers of the Treasury in Ireland, respectivelyi

ol. Go,

to which are annexed. Copies of the Warrants or Authority for paying the fame.

And then lie withdrew :—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is preferred among!! the other Papers of this Section.

Sir Charles Price presented to the House, according ...

to Order, a Bill for repealing so much of an Abt, made ‘

in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making Wet Docks, Batons, Cuts,

" and other Works, for the greater accommodation and " security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within " the Port of London," as directs that compensation shall be made to the Governors of Clinjl’s Hospital, and to the free Carmen of the City of London, for the damage such Carmen may sustain by making the said Docks; and for granting to them the exclusive right of carting for hire from the said Docks and other Works: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to *0

consider of several Acts, made in the 37th and 42d years Loyalty jLoah* of His present Majesty, and in this present Session of Parliament, relating to the Loyalty Loan, be now read:

—And the fame being read ;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Nicholas Fat jit tart took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Nicholas Fanfittart reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House willpleafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Dublin resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon commission-the Bill to provide for the appointing Commissioners to m Bin, enquire and examine into any Irregularities or Abuses deferred, which may have taken place in conducing and managing the paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin; and to provide for the Suspension of the powers and authorities of the Corporation of Directors and Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets, and for veiling the fame in other persons during such Suspension; and for the better conducing and managing the business of the said Corporation; be now read:

—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of Francis Collier, James Lloyd, Robert Petition for Mason, Richard Mason, William ChamRobert Leapcr for^nendincc Percy, Thomas Squire, Pocoche John and at MicUUdcx

Frost, on behalf of themselves and others, was presented E'eaion to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Peti- Comnnttee' tioners were severally served with an Order to be and appear at the Bar of the IToufe of Commons upon Tuef-duy the 19th day of February last, in consequence of the Petition of Timothy Brotvn, Thomas Docker, Elijah and others. Freeholders of the County of Middlesex, complaining of an undue Return of George Boulton Main-tearing, Esquire, for the said County; and that the Petitioners,. in obedience to the said Order, accordingly attended the House on the said 19th day of February, and afterwards during the fitting of the Select Committee appointed to try and determine the merits of the said Petition, and have received no Compensation for their loss of time and expenecs, for which they have made several applications to Alexander Ho/kins, Esquire, who acted as Solicitor for the said George Boulton at

whose instance they were severally served; but the said Air. Hojkinshas hitherto refused to compensate the Pcti*

tioners for such their loss of time and expences: And therefore praying. That the ITofife will take their case

4 0 into

Bill for regulating the (Office of Piym.tltcr Gem nil, palTai*

Committee on Bill to amend tnt* Poor Lx,si.

Bill to amend Acts, re (petting Criminal Laws, •omimtted.

Dufilin Police Bill, pi denied.

Bill to amend Act, rc(petting Bounties on Fish, picknted.

326

.30" M

A. 1805;

into consideration, and order furh enmpensation to l>c made to them for their expences and lol’sof time, as they shall think fit,

, I he Iloule was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the ioth day of March 1795, of the Proceeding8 of the House, in relation to the Petition of Robert James, George Blamire, Christopher Parkins, and

William. Nicholfm, Inhabitants of the City of in

the County of Cumberland; might be read :—And the i'dine being read;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, with their opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Peter Lord Viscount

Mar fix am, &c.: Arid they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records; and all who come to the Committee are to have voices.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrofi'ed Bill to repeal an Act, made in the 23d year of His present Majesty, lor the better regulation of the Office of the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, and the more regular payment of the Army, and for the more ellcftually regulating the said Office; be now read :—And the fame being read ;—the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to repeal an Act, made in the twenty-third year of His present Majesty, for the better regulation of the Office of the Paymaster General of 1 Iis Majesty’s Forces, and the more regular payment of the Army; and for the more eft’eftually regulating the said Office.

Ordered, That Mr. Rofedo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

4

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 9th year of King George the First, for amending the Laws relating to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the Poor.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Eft court took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. E/lcourt reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, wlven the House will ploafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to amend two Acts, of the 13th and 43th years of His present Majesty, for the more effectual execution of the Criminal Laws, and more easy apprehending and bringing to Trial Offenders escaping from one part of the United Kingdom to the other, and from one County to another; be now read:—And the fame being read;—the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Air. Nicholas VanfiHart presented to the Ifoufe, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual administration of the office of aJustice-of the Peace, and for the more effectual prevention of Felonies, within the district of Dublin Metropolis: And the fame was received;

and read the first time.

Rejoiced , That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Mr. Nicholas Van fit tart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, for granting Bounties for taking and bringing Lilli to the Cities of London and

Westminster, and other Places in the United Kingdom:

And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

A Message from the Lords, by Air. Smith and Mr. The Loris Pojiham: hlve aSrc«l

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ireland— for regulating Licences for the Sale of Spirituous Liquors, L^,0u°usic Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, by retail, and for difeou- Licence* Bdi, raging the immoderate use of Spirituous Liquors, in Ireland; without any Amendment: Andalfo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Leven for altering and amending an Act, passed in the forty-first; year of His present Majesty, for enabling Chariotta Bethell, Widow, to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Hull to Leven Bridge, in the East Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Ix>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Corkaitd for the better amending and repairing of the Road leading Limerick from the bounds of the Counties of Limerick and Cork, 0311 between the Towns of Kihnallockand to the

City of Corkwithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Carlow and for the better amending and repairing of the Road leading from the Town of Carloxo to the City of Kilkenny; 3 s

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act, Ross, &e. for allefting the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Roads Bill* Ross, and Inch parts of the Counties of Cromarty and Nairn as lie in the said County of Ross, towards the expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein as ilia.ll be approved of by the Commi I boners appointed by an Act, passed in the forty-third year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Pyrford for inclosing Lands in the Manor of in the Pa- I,ltlolurcBll’‘

rillies of Pyrford and Chertsey, or one of them, in the County of Surrey; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Barfield for inclosing Lands in the Township of Darfteld, in the Inclolljre E;:" West Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Ix»rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Alford for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in the County InclosurtB‘

of Somerset; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mareham for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Mareham on the Hill, lnc, olureB in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment:—

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act MethwoM for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Methwold, in the Inc, oiure 1 ‘ County of Norfolk; without any Amendment:—And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Swallow for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Swallow, in the County of Lincoln; with some Amendments; to which Amendment*. ments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House:

—And also, The Lord*

The Lords have pafi'ed a Bill, intituled, An Act for luvc vesting the deviled Estates of John , Gentleman,

deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying part of the Purchase Money in discharge of Incumbrances, and for laying out the residue, under the direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same uses; and until such Purchase he made, for laying out such residue in the purchase of Three per cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the first Bill read, time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Sir

A"

V

S-V

iw u

w 0

Rrport of fU.vcTtO

iy»<\4S

le.^ting

L at 5t. Vincent.

Ireland— &&rth Dubes, &c. Coition Bill, Flatted.

nJers for ccounts, Ipeding >c [aimed Mentis, ibar^cd, d others Je.

4j GrEO. IlJ.

30° Maii

327

Sir John Stewart reported from the Committee, ap- " etor, and the dales when the first Dhidends respectpoiuted to draw up an Answer to he given to that part " tively became payable; together with Inch defenp-of the Mefluge from the Lords, of Friday last, which re- " tions of the said persons as maybe entered in the Jates to the Earl St. Vincent; That the Committee had " books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of . drawn up an An fwer accordingly; which they had di- " England and of the South Sea Company;" might be reefed him to report to the House; and he read the Re- read:—And the litme being read;

port in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and. is as followeth; viz.

The Commons having received a Message from voiir

Ordered, That the said Orders be discharged. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, aij Account of the amount of all unclaimed Dividends on the Public Funds, receivable before ioth October 1780,

Lordships, wherein your Lordships did acquaint them, remained unpaid on 30th September and 31st December that your Lordships desire to be informed upon what in the same year respectively, and have ft nee been paid

grounds and for what purposes the Commons desire the Lords to give leave to the Earl St. Vincent, to go to the Select Committee of the House of Commons, to whom the several Papers presented to that House, relating to the Repairs of 11 is Majesty’s ships the Ho/nnei) and Sen-fible. Mil ile under the command of Sir Home Popham, are referred, to examine into the several matters contained therein relative to the said Repairs, and to the proceedings of the Admiralty and Navy Boards, and of the Coin-iniilioners of Naval Enquiry thereupon; and nlfo to enquire into the circumstances attending the publication of the Report of the Navy Board, dated 20II1 February 1S04, and into the loss of certain Vouchers and Doe u-

at the Bank of England and South Sea House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an-Account of the amount of all unclaimed Dividends on the several Annuities payable at the Bank of England and South Sea House, receivable before the ioth October 1S02, and remained unpaid on the 30th September and 31ft December in the same year, respectively; also, an Account of Lottery Certificates remaining in the Bank of England, unpaid on the said 31ft December.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the names of such Proprietors of the Public Funds, transferable at the Bank of England and South Sea House, as were entitled to Dividends on or before the

ments on which that Report was framed; and also into ioth of October 1802, and which remained unpaid on the circumstances attending the imprefiing of Mr. David 23d May 1S05; dating the number of Dividends due to E: en Barthoh meic; and to report the fame, together with each Proprietor, and the dates when the first Dividends 'their Observaliens thereupon, to the House; and who were respectively became payable, together with such deferip-eni] lowered to examine into the Expenditure and Pur- tions of the said persons as may be entered in the books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England and of the South Sea Company.

chafe of all Stores for the nfe of the said Ships;—in order to he examined at the said Select Committee;

The Commons have commanded us to acquaint your Lordships, That the grounds upon which the said Select Committee did desire your Lordships to give leave to the Ear! St. V ncenf t o attend the said Committee, were-, the Ih’oco'.dings of the Admiralty Board relative to the conduct of Sir Home Popham, with respect to the Repairs of the Eomney and Senjible while under his command;

and the circiunstances attending the publication of the Report of the Navy Board, dated the 20th February 1.804; and the circumstances attending the impressing of Mr. David Ewen Bartholomeio;—and that the purposes for M-hich the said Select Committee did desire your lordships to give leave to the Earl St. Vincent to attend the said Committee, were, that they might examine the said Earl as to his knowledge of, and concurrence in, the said several trunfactions.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

Mr. Foster presented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill to regulate the collection of the Duties on Fire

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 0rfIer for 22d day of this instant May, " That there be laid before Modes" ihn<i-" this House, an Account of all Monies, Stocks, Funds, in? in the " and Securities for Money, handing in the name of the Accountant " Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, or the General, &c.

" Deputy Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer at discharged,

" the Bank of England and South Sea House, or else- made."01

" where, in trust for the Suitors of those Courts respectively; distinguishing the titles of the causes, and of " the particular Accounts in each Cause, with the Money, Stocks, Funds, and Securities placed to the " credit of every particular Account," might be read:—■

And the same being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharge-d.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an Account of all Monies, Stocks, Funds, and Securities for Money, Handing in the name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, or the Deputy Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, at the Bank of England and South Sea House, or elsewhere, in trust for the Suitors of

Hearths, on Dwelling Houses according to the number of those Courts respectively; made up to the lit of October Windows, on Coaches and other Carriages, on Male Ser- 1804.

vants, on 1 lorfes, and on Dogs, in Ireland: And the fame Mas received; and read theiirft time.

Itefolved, That the Bill he rend a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

The House proceeded to take into consideration, the Lord* Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled. Amendment An Act to appoint Commissioners to enquire and exa- to Bul to appoint Com-

mine into the Public Expenditure, and the conduct of miniouers to Public Business in the Military Departments therein '['ePubHc* The House was moved, That the Orders made upon mentioned; and to report such observations as shall occur Expenditure,

the 16th day of this instant May, " That there be laid " before this House, an Account of the amount of all " unclaimed Dividends on the Public Funds, which were " receivable on or before the ioth of October 1780, re-" nmined unpaid on the 31st of December following, " and have since been paid at the Bank of England and " South Sea House:"—And also, " An Account of the (t amount of all unclaimed Dh idends on the several Annuities payable at the Bank of England and South Sea " House, which were receivable on or before the ioth of " October 1802, and remained unpaid on the 31st of " December following; also an Account of Lottery Cer-* titicates remaining in the Bank of England unpaid on " the said 31st of December:"—And ullo, " A Lift of " the names of such Proprietors of the Public Funds " transferrable at the Bank of England and Smith Sea *' House, as were entitled to Dividends on or before the " ioth of October 1802, and which now remain unpaid; " Hating the number of Dividends due to each Promi» VOL. (Jo.

to them for correcting or preventing any abuses and irre- a£rec(1 gularities, and for the better conducing and managing the business of the said Departments; to continue in force for two years, and from thence until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the then next Session of Parliament.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 8. 1. 30. After * Penalties," insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A:) " And whereas it is expedient to mako

" provision for bringing Persons de-" tained in euttody under civil or " criminal process, to be examined " before the Commissioners herein " before named, touching such mat-" ters and things as are nccetlary for " the execution of the powers veiled (i in them by tins Act; Be it there*

" fore further Enacted, that from and after

328

30" M

A. 1805;

after the passing of this Act, it fha.Il " be lawful lor any Judge of His Majesty’s Courts of King’s Bench " and Common Pleas respectivHy, " or for any Baron of His Majesty’s " Court of Exchequer, of (he degree " of the Coif, at his discretion, to " award a writ or writs of Habeas

The House was moved, That Schedule (I).) contained in the said Act of the 43d year of His present Majesty, might be read:-—And the fame being read;

And it appearing that the ('aid Amendments were only to reel 1 i’v a milhike in the recital of part of an Act of the 43d year of Mis present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Profeflious, Trades, and Ollices; which A<ct wras conformable to the * Corpus, for bringing any prisoner Amendments proposed by the Lords; and that the error " or prisoners detained in any gaol had happened by a clerical mistake in the written Bill " orprison in that part of the United presented to this House;

" Kingdom called England, before The said Amendments were severally read a second " the Commissioners herein-before time, and, upon the Quel;ion severally put thereupon,

agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

* named, or any three of them; to " be by them examined, touching " the matters and things aforesaid." The said Amendment being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Further

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of any Correspondenee between ’.lie Admiralty and Navy,

Boards, respectiilg the supplies of Oak 'l imber, from ill shin^Wa

Lords Amendment to Bill to continue Naval Conuniliiou* ers Act, agreed to.

Ships oiWv,

January to 15th May 1804; omitting the names of «nJwea. The House proceeded to take into consideration the places and perl'ons, where the fame cannot be dilclofed Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, without inconvenience to the Public Service.

An Act to continue, until the end of the next Set lion of OrThat there be laid before this House, an Account of Oak Timber received into fiore in

each year, from the ill of January 1703 to the present time, and the quantity Oak Timber in fore on the 3 *fl of December of each year, daring that period and at the present time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of Ships of the Line and Frigates paid off between the ill: October iSci and 8th March 1803, shewing the nature of the repair each required to be put into condition for permanent l’ervice.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a List of the Ships the Line and Frigates repaired between 1A 0«5lober 1801 and 15th May 1804, shewing the time when each was completed, the nature of the repair each required when taken in hand to be put into condition the execution of the powers veiled ^or Pei'manciit set \ ice, and the nature of the repair 1

* in them by this Act; Be it there- a<^ua^/ given.

Parliament, and amend an Act, made in the forty-third year of His present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities, Frauds, or Abuses, which arc or have been praft ifed by Persons employed in the several Naval Departments therein mentioned.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

At the end of the Bill, insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " And whereas it is expedient to make

' " provision for bringing persons de-

" tained in custody under Civil or " Criminal process, to be examined " before the Commissioners therein-«* before named, touching such mat-" ters and things as are necessary for

" fore further Enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall f‘ be lawful for any Judge of His Majesty’s Courts of King’s Bench l< and Common Pleas respectively,

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Motion for Journeyman Calico Printers, Cutters, and Drawers, working in the several Counties of Lancaster, Ch-yhr,

Derby, Stafford, Cumberland, , Perth, Renfrew,

or for any Baron of His Majesty’s Glasgoic, and other places; which was profented the

" Court of Exchequer, of the degree " of the Coif, at his discretion, to " award a writ or writs of Habeas " Corpus, for bringing any Prisoner " or Prisoners detained in any Gaol " or Prison in that part of the United " Kingdom called England, before " the Commissioners herein-before

House upon the 1 It day of March last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; might be again read:—And the fame was read.

The House was also moved. That the Copy of the

tition to a

OinJbiutr,

Wilhtii'aWd.

Minutes of the Evidence, taken in the Jail Session of Parliament, before the Committee to whom the Petition of the Journeymen Calico Printers was referred, and which was presented to the House upon the 4 th day o

named, or any three of them, to be last, might be read:—And the fame being read;

" by them examined, touching the " matters and things aforesaid."

The said Amendment bei ng read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

A Motion was made, and the Question was propos d< That the said Petition he referred to the consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And the said Motion was, with leave of the withdrawn.

Lords

The House proceeded to take into consideration the

Amendment* Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled.

to Property Duties Bill, agreed to*

An Act to repeal certain parts of an Act, made in thfe 43d year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, and to consolidate and render more effectual the provisions for collecting the said Duties.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed; viz.

After " Britain " insert " from any " Property whatever in Great -

i.JlCu

Pr. 3. 1. 4.

L 7.

" tain.

Leave out from " Britain," to u there," Hand part of the Questiou; in line 9. The House divided.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrafted Bill for encouraging the ;:cc

of Stipendiary Curates on their Cures, be now read:—

And the same being read;

A Motion was'made, and the Question being That the said Bill be now read the third time;

The Amendments following were propo fed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the word " now " and at the end of the Question to add the words " upon this day three " months."

And the Question being put. That the word "now"

M

The

k

b-

45 Gf.o. III. 30°

The Noes went forth.

3».

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the third time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. a. L i. To leave out " absence " and infer!

" non-residence " instead thereof

1. 5. After " Stipend," to insert " which} " together with any former Salary or <(Stipend, payable to him in respect " of such Cure, shall ;" and to leave out " exceeding," and insert "‘ ex-" ceed," instead thereof.

L 12. After " and" to insert " if" and after " in" to insert " any such."

Pr. 5. 1. 4. To leave out from " Parish" to " it" in line 6.

1. 7. After " or " to insert " from the number " of Churches and Chapels it."

Pr. 9. 1. 17. After " to" to insert " employ to."

Pr. 10. 1. 25. After " only" to insert " where such " Pasture or Grass Land shall be " found."

Pr. 17. I. 4. To leave out "by" and insert "to" instead thereof.

1. 8. To leave out " as " and insert " which " instead thereof.

1.13. To leave out from the beginning of the line to the end of line 23.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refoked', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for encouraging the Residence of Stipendiary Curates on their Cures.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Bin for the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the more effectual prevention of Smuggling; be now read:—And the fame being readthe House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had gone through die Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, potted. Mr. Rose accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further ednsideration upon this day sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, be printed, for the Members of the House.

for the The House was moved. That the Order made upon M of6’ Tuesdaylaft, for receiving, Tommorrow, the Report from rnn>. the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually-manning His Majesty’sNavy, was again re-committed; might be read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Wednesday next.

Vol. 60.

Mail. 329

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Irei.in4— Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for collecting the Duties on Spirituous Liquors distilled in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of aDifliller; and the warehousing of such Spirits for Exportation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. S’turvesBourne took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sturges Bourne reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- . ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The mgrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty certain Ireland-additional Stamp Duties, for amending the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties, and for indemnifying persons who have acted as Notaries Public, without being duly Ii-censed, in Ireland-, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be;

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Stamp Duties, for amending the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties; and for indemnifying persons who have acted as Notaries Public, without being duly licensed, in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The Order of the day being read, for the third reading Ireland— of the ingrossed Bill for the Collection of the Malt Duties coiilfUon* in Ireland, and regulating the trade of a Maltster; Bili, deierred.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Monitor to consider of empowering the Lord Lieutenant to direct improving the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland, to Dublin, advance a sum of Money for the better effecting the purposes of several Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 26th, 30th, and 37th years of His present Majesty, for the Improvement of Dublin;—the Kesolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Op in ion of this Committee, That it is expedient that the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, should be enabled to advance, out of the Confclidated Fund of Ireland, any furti of Money, not exceeding Twenty thousand pounds, for the better effecting the purposes of several Acts, made in Ireland, for paving-, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee ioitniaior.. of the whole House, to whom the Bill to provide for the appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities or Abuses which may have taken place in conducing and managing the paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin; and to provide for the Suf-pension of the Powers and. Authorities of the Corporation of Directors and Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets, and for veiling the fame in other Persons during such Suspension; and for the better conducting and managing the business of the said Corporation, is committed; that they have power to make prbvision in the said Bill pursuant to the said Resolution.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to Committee resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Expiring11 consider of the Acts mentioned in the Resolutions, which, La»sf upon Monday last, were reported from the Committee on d*r«y«b Temporary Laws of a public and general nature—and Who were instructed to report their opinion, from time to

4 P time

330

30—31° Mail

A. 1805.

time, to the House, which of the said Laws are fit to be

revived., continued, or made perpetual;

R< faked, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itfell into the said Committee.

Committee on West India Free Ports Bill,

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, upon the Bill to con-solidate and extend the several Laws, now in force, for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the Wt’/l Indies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refmned the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, by providing for the Commissioners of Customs there, having the like powers as are by law given to the Commissioners of Import Excise, and by providing further for vesting in the said Commissioners of Customs the management of the Port Duties, and in the Commissioners of Inland Excise the management of certain Inland Duties; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him td report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be: ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

Report on Act respecting Duties oil Woollen Goods exported.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee® Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred continuing an Act, made in the 27th year of His present BllJ‘ to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 43d year Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty, to let to farm the Duties on Horses let to hire for travelling Post and bj'Time;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee* ,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through-the Bill; and made several

during the present War, and until the ratification of a Definitive Treaty of. Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain, as relates to the Duties chargeable on Woollen Goods, of the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to places within the limits of the Char- Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to ter of the United Company of Merchants of England report, when the House wall please to receive the same.

trading to the East Indies;•—the Resolution, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee* Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 25th year of His present Majesty, ing Public

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That for better examining and auditing the public Accounts Account*. t

the Duties of Customs, chargeable by the said Act on Woollen Goods, of the manufacture of Great Britain, exported to any Port or Place within the limits of the Charter of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, do cease and determine.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Bose, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

of this Kingdom, and for enabling the Commissioners, in certain cases, to allow of Vouchers, although not stamped according to law.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same* Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Committee on Act respecting Southern Whale Fishery.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider * i

Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in the 38th year of His present Majesty, for the further encouraging the Southern Whale Fisheries.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

of improving the Harbour on the North fide of the Hill nearDuMi*,: jj. of Ilo'iOth, near Dublin, and rendering it a fit " L ’*

His Majesty’s Packets.

fiatio.. for *£T

The House was moved, That an Act, made in

the AftrefptOn,

the CcoJfinf 11

31ft year of His present Majesty, for the better regula-

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they tion and government of Seamen employed in the Coast- con&Jtroi

had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

in" Trade of this

Kingdom;

might be read

-And the

i reland— Excise Licence? Bill, passed.

The ingrossed Bill for the better regulation of Li- cences to persons in Ireland dealing in Exciseable Commodities, and engaged in the several occupations therein mentioned, w as, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better regulation of Licences to persons in Ireland dealing in Exciseable Commodities, and engaged in the several occupations therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

«2I

Veneris, 31° die Maii;

Anno 45° Georgii IH‘" , 1805.

fat

Ireland— Revenues Regulation Bill, reported.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of t he whole House, to whom the Bill to re-

PR AYERS.

SI 11 Martin Brorcne Folhes to the House,

a< ‘ " ‘

State*

il'li

according to Order, a Bill for dividing and allotting

irt« in tlin Pori/tvnf ■*,// A,...-*.. "TO

gulate the management and collection of His Majesty’s Lands in the Parish of Snalewell, in the bounty of Cambridge:

fan

45 Geo. III. 31d

bridge: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Refoked, That the Bill be read a second time-

nnetand Mr. Charier Du.ndas reported from the Committed, jon Canal to whom the Bill for enabling the Company of Proprie-U, repotted. tors Kennetand Awn Canal Navigation, to complete the same, and for altering and enlarging the powers of the several Acts passed for making the said Canal; Was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, arid made several Amendments thereuuto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Faff Mailing Sir William Geary reported from the Committee, to

indoiureBul, whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of East Kjxxted. Mailing and Teflon, in the County of Kent, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the fa-tisfa6tion of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s TableWhere the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Eriningham A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parities of -

committed'*’ ham, Stody, and Brinton, in the County of Norfolk, was

comBU * read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jacob Henry Aftley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Scouiton . A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Scoulton, in the County of Norfolk, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jacob Henry Aftley, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Light- A Bill to enable the Matter, Pilots, and Seamen of rmrnjrtn{ll> Trinity House of Nei upon Tyne, to erect two new Light Houses at North Shields, at or near the Port - of Newcastle, and to raise a Fund for defraying the charge thereof; was read a second time. ‘

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burdon, Mr. Brandling, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

orfoik^ Mr. Httrftreported from the Committee, to whom the Sate Bill, ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vest-pwed, and ing foveral Messuages and Hereditaments in and near t<1- Sheffield, in the County of York, and divers detached parts of the settled Estates of the most Noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, in Trustees, upon Trust to fell; and to enable the said Charles Duke of Norfolk to enfranchise certain Copyhold and Customary Lands, parcels of certain Manors in the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Sussex, other parts of the said settled Estates; and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales and En-franchisements in the purchase of more convenient Estates, and for other purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and Vol. 60.

that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table :—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hurst do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts, Of the 4th and 14th years of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from the North end of the Town, of Rotherham, to the East fide of Tankerfley Park, in the County of York, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, in the Speakers Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition of several Persons interested in the Open arid Common Fields, Meadows, Commonable Lands, and Waste Ground?, in the Parish of Overton Watervile, otherwise called Cherry

Orton, in the County of Cambridge, which, was presented to the House upon the 28th day of February last ;—and also the Order made for leave to bring in a Bill pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition; might be read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

A Petition of the Matter, Fellows, and Scholars, of the College or Hall of Mary Valence, commonly called Pembroke Hall, in the University of Cambridge, whose Common Seal is thereunto affixed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That during the present Se/fion there has been presented to the House a Petition for leave to bring in a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Overton Watervile, otherwise called Cherry Orton, in the County of Huntingdon, and for exonerating the fame from great and small Tythes; which Parish was, by mif-take, therein stated to be in the County of Cambridge: And therefore praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Overton Watervile, otherwise called Cherry Orton, in the County of Huntingdon, and for exonerating the fame from great and small Tythes.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Baldxvin, and Mr. William Henry Felloives do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgpfs to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Shreivfbiny, in the room of Sir William Pulteney, Baronet, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain parts of the Estates late of Mary Greene, Widow, deceased, situate in the County of Norfolk, and by her will deft fed or limited to strict uses, in Trustees to be sold; and for applying part of the Monies arising from the sale thereof, in discharge of an Incumbrance subsisting thereon, and for lay ing out the residue of such Monies in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same uses; was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jacob Henry Aftlexj, Mr. Coke of Norfolk, &c.: And they ar.e to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Robert Salrifbury reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge over that part of the River Rumney, which divides the Parish of Rumney in the County of Monmouth, and the Parish of Roath in the County of Glamorgan, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards

Rotherham* Roads Bill*’ committed*

Orrfer of Leave for Cherry Orton Inclosure Bill; discharged.

Another Petition, for Cherry Ortori Inclosure;

Shrewsbury

Writ.

Greene’s Estate Bill, committed.

Rumney Bridge Bill? reported*

Rock Ferry Bill, palfed.

The Lords have passed

Duke of Bridgewater's Estate Bill.

St. Mary's Chester Inclosure Bill, passed.

Ireland— Estimates presented;

Pratique.

First Fruits.

ITowrh

Harbour.

Appendix,

(No. 23.)

Carmarthen Gaol hill, pre tented.

332

31° Maii.

A. 1805.

wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table '■ Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a fecund time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroll'ed.

An ingrossed Bill for improving the Pafftge between the Town of Liverpool and the County of Chester, at the

Rock Ferty, on the River Mer and for levying Tolls

on Vessels using the fame; was read the third time.

The Amendments following, were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 14. 1. 35. After " any," to insert * Body Corporate."

I. 38. To' leave out from " otherwise," to " for," in line 40.

Pr. 15. 1.. 1. To leave out " Building or Erection," and insert " Buildings or Erections," instead thereof.

1. 2. To leave out from " as," to " if," in line 3.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Afcl for improving the pa tinge between the Town of Liverpool and the County of Clnjler, at the Rock Ferry, on the River Mersey, and for levying Tolls on Vessels using the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Eger ton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. Popham:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of the most noble Francis , late Duke of Bridgewater, to make Grants in fee, or for years at reserved Rents, of certain parts of his Trust Eliates, lying near or adjoining his Canal in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, for the purpose of having Buildings erected thereon, and otherw ife improving the same; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengors withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Mary on the Hill, in the County Palatine of Chester-, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Mary on the Hill, in the City and County Palatine of Chester.

Ordered, That Mr. Egerton do carry the Bill to tire Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Cloitcester and Berkeley Canal, to vary and alter the Line \nd ^rktlty of a certain part of the said Canal, and to enable the said tom^fud Company to niife a further sum of Money, for carrying into execution the several Acts for making the said Canal; was read a second time.

ReJ’olved, That the Bill be committed to Admiral Berkeley, Lord Edward Henry Somerset, See.:—And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for amending an Act, passed in the Brad/hirs 3 2d year of His present Majesty, for repairing or rebuild- pier ing the Pier adjoining to the Harbour of in piired‘

the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent; was read the

third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the 3 2d year of His present Majesty, for repairing or rebuilding the Pier adjoining to the Harbour of Broadjiairs, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That the Lord Hemiker do cany die Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Waii*r;«

for effectuating an Exchange between Edmund Waller EJkateBiU,

ir _ " . t* 0 , _ i COHUBlttvd*

and James Dupre, Esquires; and also an Exchange between the said Edmund Waller and the Trustees of his settled Estate; and also for veiling part of the settled Estate of the said Edmund Waller in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the clear Surplus of the Purchase Monies, under the direction of the Court of Chancery, in other Eliates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same uses, and for other purposes; was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James Graham, the Earl Temple, Sec.: And they are to meet thi9 Afternoon, in die Speaker’s Chamber.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Lord# Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Swallow, in iKiofureBiD, the County of Lincoln. agreed t*

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz. '

Pr. 2. 1. 16 7 Leave out " Tomline, Doctor in Divi- ,

& 17.3 " nity."

Pr. 7. 1. 23. Leave out * Tomline."

Pr. 8. 1. 8. Leave out " Tomline, and insert " Lord " Bishop of Lincoln."

The said Amendments being severally read a feeond time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. James Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Fo/ler presented to the House, by His Majesty’s command,

Estimate of the Expence of Pratique in the port of Dublin, for one year, to the 5th of January 1806: And also,

Estimate of the Expence of the Board of First Fruits, for one year, to the 5th of January 1806: And also,

Estimate of the Expence of improving the Harbour of Hozvth, near Dublin.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upoa the Table.

The said Estimates are inserted in the Append!* to this Volume.

Sir William Paxton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, of the 32d year of His present Majesty, for building a Gaol for the Town and County Borough of Carmarthen, and for paving, lighting, and supplying the said Town with Water, and for granting other Powers for those and 01 her purposes relating thereto: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to Camberwell whom the Bill for supplying the Inhabitants of the Parish Waterwoite of Saint Giles Camberwell, and parts of the Parish of Saint Mary I.ambeth, and several other Parishes and Places in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, with Water; was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal; and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Lambeth Water Works; and also, the Petition of several Trustees of the Surrey New Roads, and of the Surrey and Sussex Roads; and also, the Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the Croydon Canal; and also, the Petition of several Owners and Occupiers of Houses, Lands, and Tenements, in the Parishes of Saint Giles Cambencell,

Saint Mary Lambeth, and Saint Mary Newington; were severally referred; That the Committee had heard couxi-fel in support of the said Petitions, and had also heard counsel in favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations contained in the Preamble of the said Bill, but the fame had not been proved to the satisfaction of the Committee j and that the Committee had gone through part of the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read ths Report in his 2 place;

Minutes,

ordered.

Bill to amend Acts relpefct-1115 Criminal Laws, <te-sured#

Report from Committee cn Corn Petition.

Appendix,

(NTo. 60.)

Returns

'cli tintr {Q

/f)e Army, ordered#

45 Geo. III. 31° Midi. 333

place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Report do lie upon the Table;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Wednesday next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the words " Wednesday next," and inferring the words " this day three months," instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the words " Wed-" nesday next," Hand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas fMr' 7

1 ellei&lor the i eas,^ Sir Roberf JoJm: ) o 1•

Tellers for the Vne* * Mr‘ B

I ellers for the N oes,^ Mf:

So it was resolved in the Aflirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Wednesday next.

Ordered, That a Copy of the Minutes of the Evidence taken before the said Committee, be laid before this House.

3

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the I louse to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend two Acts, of the 13th and 44th years of His present Majesty, for the more effectual execution of the Criminal Laws, and more easy apprehending and bringing to trial Offenders escaping from one part of the United Kingdom to the other, and from one County to another; be now read:—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Lord Archibald Hamilton reported from the Committee, to whom the several Petitions which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, praying relief from the effects of an Act, passed in the lull Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Com, and the " Bounties and Duties payable thereon;" were referred; to examine the matters thereof, and to report the fame, as they should appear to them, to the House;—That the Committee had examined the several matters referred to them; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he road the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report and Appendix be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Report is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the total Effective Strength of the British Forces, at home and abroad, on the ill of May 1805.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the number of Men raised under the Additional Force Bill, in the four months, from ill January to 30th April 1805; specifying what number has been raised by the Paddies, and what number by the Regiments.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the number of Men raised by the Ordinary Recruiting, in the four months, from 1 ft January to ill May 1805.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, a Return of Casualties on the Home Establillnnents, from ill January to 30th April 1805.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of Casualties on the Foreign Stations, during the last /our months, for which any Returns have been received at the Adjutant General’s office.

Vcl. Go.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from Sir Andrew to Earl St.

Vincent, dated 28th December 1802.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from Earl St. V to Sir Andrew Snape

Hamond, dated 29th December 1S02; in answer to the above.

The House was moved. That the Orders made upon the 2d day of this instant May,—" That there be laid " before this House, an Account of the Monies paid,

" under Warrants or Precepts of the Barons of the " Exchequer, directed to the Receiver General of Cuf-" toms and Salt, to the Commissioners or Cashier of " Excise, or to the Receiver of Land Rents and Revenues " in Scotland, from the 31st of December 1797 to the " latest period to which the fame can be made up, to-" wards discharging such Fees, Salaries, and Allowances,

" as have no relation to the Judicial Establishment;

" specifying the date of each Warrant, the authority by " which the fame was i ft‘ued, the person in whose favour " it was drawn, the purpose for which it was drawn,

" and the sum paid by authority thereof; and distin-" guishing whether the said Monies were paid out of " His Majesty’s Revenues, or out of any of the branches " of the Public Revenue in the general Customs and " Excise:"—And also, " An Account of His Majesty’s " hereditary and referred Revenues in Scotlanddiftin-" guishing the several branches of which they consist

" stating the annual Receipts in each branch, from the " 31 ft of December 1782 to the latest period to which " the fame can be made out, and specifying such Ar-" rears of Land Rents, or other annual Revenues of the " Crown in Scotland, as may have been settled or dif-" charged within the same period, otherwise than by " actual payment of the fame:"—And also, " An Account of the Grants that have been made to subjects,

" during the reign of His present Majesty, of Hand " Rents, Biftiopric Rents, or other branches of His Majesty’s hereditary and reserved Revenues in Scot-<e land:"—And also, "An Account of any Pensions " that may have been charged upon His Majesty’s Civil " Establishment in Scotland since the last Order of this " House of 5th of June 1801; specifying the times when " granted, and the persons to whom they are or may be " payable :"—And also, " An Account of all Monies " that may have been issued by the Receiver General of " Land Rents and Revenues in Scotland, by the Re-" ceiver General of the Customs or Commissioners of " Excise there, since the 31st of December 1797, to the " latest period to which the fame can be made up, in " pursuance of Orders from the Lords Commissioners of " the Treasury, or under any other authority than that " of Warrants from the Barons of the Exchequer;"— might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Accounts be laid before this House forthwith.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the number of Riga Sticks, of twenty-two inches and upwards, for making topmasts for Ships of first and second Rates and Seventy-fours, which were in flore in His Majesty’s Dock Yards, from 25th March 1785 to 25th March 1805; distinguishing each year.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That a Committee be appointed, to take into coulideration the Slate of the Timber growing in this Country;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into further consideration the Report, which was made from the Committee appointed to draw up an answer to be given to that part of the Metlage from the Lords of Friday last, which relates to the Earl St. Vincent; be now read: —And the fame being read;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration:—And the fame was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the fame Committee.

4 Q Ordered,

Copies of Letters between Sir A. Hamond and Earl St. Vincent, , ordered.

Accounts respecting Scotland, to be presented forthwith.

Account of Riga Sticky ordered.

Motion for Committee on State of Timber.

Report of An fwer to Lord’s Message respecting Earl St. Vincent, re‘committed#

Committee of

Vv\«y > met

Means.

Adjournment.

Uni versi ties A<J vow ions Bill dci'erred.

Isle of Man Trade Bill, deferred.

Ireland— Hearth Duties Collection Bill, committed.

Ireland— Revenues Regulation Bid, palfed.

334

31°

Mail

A. 1805.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a. Committee of the whole House, to conlidt-r further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; be now read:—And the fame being read —the iloufe resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had direclod him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for consolidating certain the Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the same; might he read:—And the fame was read.

The I louse was also moved. That another Act, made in the 43d year of Mis present Majesty, for consolidating certain of the provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Atiairs of Taxes; and for amending the said Acts, so far as the same relate to that part of

And the

Bill‘0 amend 1

relating to I

Duut, uii, lcr 1

Commiif,0ai I 1 !f-C0P

ers 01 TW ordered. Aar-’*

next.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he Great Britain called Scotland-, might be read:

was directed by the Committee to move, that they may fame was read, have leave to lit again.

11 (forced, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this day, adjourn till Wednesday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the thirl

intituled, the ninth

reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to rest rain the disposition of " Lands, whereby the fame become unalienable, " as restrains Colleges within the two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge from purchasing or holding Advowsons, except as therein is provided; be now read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon this day sevennight.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating and encouraging the Trade, for the improvement of the Revenue, and prevention of Smuggling to and from the Ife. of Man •,

Resolved, That this 1 louse will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to regulate the collection of the Duties on Fire Hearths, on Dwelling Houses according to the number of Windows, on Coaches and other Carriages, on Male Servants, on Ilorfes, and on Dogs, in Ireland; he now read:—And the fame being read;—the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Rill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to a Committee of the whole I louse.

Resolve d, That this House w ill, upon Wednesday next,

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the iwrrofled Bill to regulate the management

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in the 4 3d year of His present Majesty, for repealing the several Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; lor granting new Duties in certain cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of F.xeife on Licences, and on Carriages conlirufted by Coach-makers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the management of the said Cominilftoners for tire A flairs of Taxes; and also, new Duties on persons selling Carriages by Auction or on Commission; might be read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the several Law's relating to the Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes: And that Mr. Hu/kifTon, Mr. St urges Bourne,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to' Committwon resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon p®j"bl,n&c the Bill to provide for the appointing Commissioners to commi’ifoa-enquire and examine into any Irregularities or Abuses ersBl11-which may have taken place in conducting and managing the paving, cleansing, and lighting (lie Streets o and to provide for the suspension of the powers and authorities of the Corporation of Directors and Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets, and for veiling the fame in other persons during Rich Suspen-fion; and for the bettor conducting and managing the business of the said Corporation; be now read :—And the fame being read ;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. S I leaker resumed the Chair.-

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had cone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said reported. Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had direeded him to

rett

and collection of His Majesty* s Revenues of Customs and report to the House; and he read the Report in his place;

Excise in Ireland\ by providing for the Commissioners of Customs then* having the like powers as are by I-aw given to the Commissioners of Import Excise; and by providing further for vesting in the said Commissioners of Customs, the management of the Port Duties, and in the Commissioners of Inland Excise, the management of certain Inland Duties; be now read :—And the fame being read; the said Bill was read the third time.

Ixefolv'd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to regulate the management and collection of His Majesty’s^Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, by providing for the Commissioners of Customs there, having the like powers as are by Law given to the Commissioners of Import Excise*; and by providing further, for vefiing in the said Commissioners of Customs the management of the Port Duties, and in the Commission'*rs of Inland Excise the management of certain Inland Duties.

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday sevennight, the ioth clay of June next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, be printed, for the Members of the House.

Mr. St urges Bourne, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole I louse, to whom the Bill for coileding the Duties on Spirituous Lbpiors distilled in Ireland, and regulating the trade of a J)iftil!er; and the warehousing of such Spirits for exportation; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had marie to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the 12 Amendments

Ireland— Distillery fidl* imported

45 Geo. III.

31° M.

335

Amendments war once read throughout; and then a fecund time, one hv one; and, upon the Question fevc-raily put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And fueral other Amendments being proposed to be male to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed, with respect to the said Amendments.

Rcjblved, That the said Bill be re-connnitted to aCom-mittee of the whole House.

' Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve

itself into the said Committee.

The Jlonfe accordingly resolved itself into the said -Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

M r. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from tlu'Committee, That they had nnule fevoral other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bdl, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Whore the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to determined by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Wednesday next.

Mr. Nicholas Vanfttart, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was L referred to consider of several Acts, made in the 37th and 42d years of llis present Majesty, and in this present Session of Parliament, relating to the Loyalty Loan; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the fame were read: and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons, and Bodies Politic and Corporate, possessed of any Capital Stock in the Annuities after the rate of £. 5. per centum per annum, granted by an Act, made in the 37th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for raising the fmn of Eighteen millions determined by way " of Annuities;" and by an Act made in tin* 42^1 year of IBs said Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting "Annuities to fat i sly certain Exchequer Bills who in pursuance of an Act, made in the bill Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for granting additional An-# " nuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts,

" passed in the 3 7111 and 4ad years of 11 is present Majesty," had signified, on or before the 5 th day of April

1805, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, their election to have the fame paid oft’ in money on the 10th day of October next, and who shall hv themselves, or any Agents duly authorized, further

v J Cl * x

signify to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on or before the 16th day of September next, their desire to take the benefit of the terms eon-tamed in this Resolution, shall, from and after the 10th day of October next, be entitled to receive, for every X 100 of ftieli Capital Stock, and in lieu thereof, so much Capital Stock, either in the Consolidated Annuities, after the rate of JR-5 centum per annum,

‘ created by an Act, made in the 24th year of Mis present Majesty, and several subsequent Acts, receiving thereon one half year’s Dividend on the 5th day of January

1806, or so much Capital Stock, in Reduced Annuities, after the rate of JR. 3 per centum per annum, ns shall be equal in value to J . 100 sterling, together with such further sum, on the said last mentioned Capital Stock, as ftitill be equal in value to ten shillings sterling on every

£ 100 of such Capital Stock, in Reduced Annuities, after the rate of JR. 3 per centum 'per annum, the interest VoL 60.

whereon is to commence from the 10th day of Oft ober 1S0.3, or to have any proportion thereof in such Annuities, alter the rate of JR. 5 per centum per annum, or of 3 per centum per annum, respectively, as shall be specified by any such Persons, or Bodies Politic or Corporate, at the time of signifying such desire to take the benefit of the terms of this Resolution.

Resolved,'it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the value of such several Annuities shall be computed and taken on the average price of such Annuities respectively, on the last ten days previous to the 31ft day of August next, on which any transfer shall have been made in the said last mentioned Capital Stocks at the Bank of England, after making deduction of the amount of the Dividend due or accruing thereon; such average, as aforesaid, to be settled and declared by the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of England.

Rtjolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That if any Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, possessed of any such X- 5 per centum Annuities, and who shall have lignilied Inch cleftion as aforesaid, shall not, on or before the 16th day of September next, by themselves, or any Agents duly authorized, further signify to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England their desire to. take the benefit of the said Resolution, the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three of them, may contract w ilh any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute such sums, as shall he necessary to pay the same olfi 011 the 10th day of October next, and to give, for every JR. 100 in money to be paid by such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, at the Bank of England, such amount of Capital Stock, either in Annuities after the rate of JR. 5 per centum per annum, or of JR. 3 per centum per annum, or any proportion of either of such Annuities, upon the like terms and conditions, and with such benefits as are by the said Resolutions given to the Persons entitled to take the benefit thereof.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the I louse.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. St urges Bourne, Mr. Huf-

kiffon, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the third Ireland— reading of the ingiolfed Bill for the collection of the Malt Duties Duties in Ireland, and regulating the trade of a Maltster; C°Bjji),oa he now read :—And the fame being raid;—the said Bill paired, was read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4.I.32. To leave out " seventy-two," and insert " sixty-four" instead thereof.

1. 3S. To leave out from the beginning of the line to "of," and insert*" four bushels " and a half" instead thereof.

Pr. 5. 1. 7. To leave out from " than" to "of" in line 8, and insert " four bulliels" instead thereof.

Pr. 20. 1. 37/) To leave out " seventy-two," and insert & 38.5 " sixty-four," instead thereof.

Pr. 21. I. 6.) To leave out "fifty-six," and insert & 7.5 " forty-eight" instead thereof.

1. 17.7 To leave out " seventy-two," and in-& 18.5 fert "sixty-four" instead thereof.

I.18. To leave out " fifty-six," and insert " forty-eight" instead thereof.

1. 29. To leave out" nine," and insert "eight" instead thereof.

1. 30. To leave out " foven," and insert " fix" instead thereof.

1- 33*) 1° leave out " seventy-two," and insert & 34. f " sixty-four " instead thereof.

L 35. To leave out " fifty-six," and insert " forty-eight" instead thereof.

Pr. 27. i. 23. To leave out " seventy-two," and insert " sixty-four" instead thereof.

Pr. 27.

330

Pr. 27.

31° M

A. 1805.

Pr. 28.

Pr.44.

1.24. To leave out u fifty-six," and insert " forty-eight" instead thereof.

1. 8.J To leave out " seventy-two," and insert & 9.) "sixty-four" instead thereof 1. 9.) To leave out "fifty-six," and insert & 10.) " forty-eight" instead thereof.

1. 37. After " each," to insert " and that " four fuel) Bushels shall be accounted " a Barrel."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed toby the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the collection of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the trade of a Maltster.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Dublin Police Bill, committed.

Bill to amend Act refitting Bounties on Fish, committed*

Petition

again It Anderby iBclofureJBill.

was referred; might be again read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole IToufe.

Resolved, That this House will,’upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

of tile whot House.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township of Prior, in the County of Cambridge, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Charles Yorke,&lc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Swaffham

Prior

InUo.'ureB

committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for the more effectual administration of the office of a Just ice of the Peace, and for the more effectual prevention of Felonies within the district of Metropolis; he now read :—And the fame being read; the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of otherwise Aldborne, otherwise Alborne, in the County of

Wilts; was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pattefon, Mr. Goddard, Sac.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

AMbcum

InclosureEiH,

committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, for granting Bounties for taking and bringing Fill) to the Cities of London and Westminster, and other Places in the United Kingdom, be now read:—And the fame being read; the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of the most noble Francis, late Duke of Bridgewater, to make grants in fee, or for years at reserved Rents, of certain parts of his Trust Estates, lying near or adjoining his Canal in the Counties of Lancaster and Chester, for the purpose of having Buildings erected thereon, and otherwise improving the same; was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Duke of

Brid^fwster,

E(hre Sill, read.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 9th year of King George the First, for amending the Laws relating to the settlement, employment, and relief of the Poor, was committed; be now read :■—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Thursday next.

C

G

Bill to amend th.t Poor Laws, deferred.

11

h

l

L

III!

fe

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to improving the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Howthnw consider of improving the Harbour on the North fide of Dublin, the Hill of Hoicth, near Dublin, and rendering it a fit deterred. station for His Majesty'’s Packets; be now read;—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Mailers, Guardians, and Governors of the House and Hospital called Bet Idem, situate without and near to Bishopsgate of the said City of London,

was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in

the County of Lincoln; and felting forth, That the fame contains divers clauses and provisions which will, if carried into elf eft, be very prejudicial to the Petitioners :— And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their agents, counsel, and witnesses, against fuel) parts of the said Bill as may afteft them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be beard, by their agents, counsel, and witness'es, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Wilber force reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of William Lord Archbishop of York, and the humble Petition of several other Persons, interested in certain Lauds in tire Township of in the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been complied with; it not having been ascertained that an application to Parliament, for the purposes mentioned in the said Petition, was necessary, until the time limited for giving the Notices required by the said Orders was elapsed; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,—Mr. John Lockwood, being examined, said, That in the year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twelve, a:i Award was made in pursuance of articles of agreement between His Grace John then Archbishop of who

in Right of his See was Owner of the Great Tythes

Petition 0

re/jpedi:£

Hutton's V I

AmbJ Ai)

Indo.jr?,

reposed. j

C/I

t 'HI

1 1 il

! ft

1 ’Jii

' <Ii

1 fc

1 ti

I lit

1!

tl

i»;

1

arising and renewing within the said Townshin of Hutton s Ambo, and the Owners and Proprietors of Estates in the said Township; under and by virtue of which said Award, the said Archbishop the Tytlie Owner took an Abetment in Land in lieu of his Glebe Law is and Right of Common, and Money Payments in lieu of the Tythes of the Estates belonging to the other Proprietors; and the open Fields, Pastures, and Commons, in the said Township, were divided and allotted among the Owners and Proprietors thereof:—That the said Award was in the said year one thousand seven hundred and twelve, con-

teport on *ondon Port improvement Pfrt.tilHl,

referred to a

The House was moved, That the Report which was yefierday made from the Committee, to whom tho Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled,

firmed by a Decree of the High Court of Chancery :-That ever finee the time above mentioned, the Estates

red to be,

within the said Township have been con lb •and have been held as Tythe Free, end the several Allotments in Land set out under and by virtue of the said

Award

Leave for

Notices.

Selby, See. Drainage Bill, presented.

Bainbridgf Inclosurt- Bill, prd'enred.

West India Free Forts Sill, reported.

Bill to amend Act for auditing Public Accounts, sported.

45 Geo. III. 31° Mail 337

Award have been held in severalty by the several Proprie- Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be tors thereof:—That it hath very lately hern discovered, ingrossed.

that the said Award and Decree are net binding and Ordered, That the said Bill he read the third time upon obligatory on the See of York:—That the said Award Wednesday next, and Deeree have been productive of confidt rable Benefit

to the Sec of Ter/-, and to the Owners and Proprietors of Mr. according to Order, reported from the Port Horse

the Inflates within the said Townlliip; and that great Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for inconvenience and detriment would arise to all Parties further continuing an Act, made in t lie 27th year of His concerned, if the fame were to be set alitic or disturbed; present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners of the but that it cannot be made binding and eonclulive on the Treasury to let to farm, the Duties on Horses let to hire said See of York, without the aid and authority of Parlia- for travelling Pod and by d ime; was committed; the uiput:—That, one of the principal Proprietors of Land Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, within the said Townlliip, hath lately contrafted for the and which they had directed him to report to the House; sale of his Estate there; and unless an Act, for ratifying and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards and continuing the said Award and Decree, can lie obtain- delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the ed in this present Session of Parliament, great injury will Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read arile :—That the Notices required by the Standing Orders throughout; and then a feeond time, one determined by one; and, of this Honourable House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed have not been given in, it not having been ascertained that to by the J Ioufe.

an Application to Parliament was necelTiiry, till after the Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be time fixed for giving fuel) Notices was expired. ingrossed.

Ordered, That in consideration of the particular cir- Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon cumstances mentioned in the said Report, leave he granted Wednesday next, that Notices may he given on the door of the Parish

Church of. Hidden's Ambo, in the North Riding of the Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the ReportonAcfc

County of York, in the month of June next, of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Application to Parliament, for the purposes mentioned in to. conlidor of an Act, made in the 38th year of His whale the said Petition. present Majesty, Tor the further encouraging the Southern Fishery.

Whale Eiiheries; the Resolution which the Committee Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to had directed him to report to the House; which he read Order, a Bill for draining and improving certain Tow in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Grounds and Carrs, within the several Pnrilhcs, Town- Table; Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; flips, and Place? of Seim;, Bray ton, Th >rn Willoughby, viz.

Hamb’e'on, South Mi forth, ScahnPark, IP ill me, Ca:eood, Ref That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

Red Park, Leaner ton, Sherb tin.Biggin, Church Fenton, it is expedient that the Premiums granted by an Act,

Little Fenton, and Barkston A/h, in the West Riding of made in the 38th year of I lis present Majesty’s reign, the County of York: And the fame was received; and intituled, "An Act for the further encouraging the read thefirll time. " Southern Whale Fisheries," should be continued for a

Resolved, That the Bill be read a feeond time. further term, and that the said Act should be amended.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Mr. Wilberforce presented to the House, according to consideration upon Wednesday next Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Bain-

bridge and Parish of Aifgarth, in the County of York: Mr. Or m fly presented to the House, according to Bill to

And the fame was received; and read the first time. order, a Bill to continue an Act, made in the Iaft Session continue Refohrd, That the Bill be read a feeond time. of Parliament, for appointing Commissioners to enquire comm!ffiou-C

into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, ers Ait,

Mr Alexander, according to Order, reported from the which are or have been lately received, in the several PR'lcruec1-Commit lee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to con- Public Offices in therein mentioned; to examine

solidate and extend the several Laws, now in force, for into an.v Abuses which may exist in the fame, and into allowing the importation aid exportation of certain present mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and Goods and Merc handize, into and from certain Ports in accounting for Public Money, in Ireland: And the fame the West Indies', was committed; the Amendments which waS received •, and read the first time.

the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had Rej That the Bill he read a feeond time, directed him to report, to the House; and lie read the Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, Wednesday next, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor Bramhope a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question and 1 ownship of in the Parish of in (he Ml,

feverahy put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. West Riding of the County of York; w as read the third p Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be time, ingrossed. The Amendment following was proposed to be made

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon to the Bill; viz.

Wednesday next. Pr. 17. 1. 30. To leave out from " aforesaid " to

" in, " in Pr. 18. I. 1.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amend an Act, made in the 25th year of 11 is present amended at the Table accordingly.

Majesty, for better examining and auditing the Public Ref lived. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

Accounts of this Kingdom, and for enabling the Com- An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Townlliip nuflioner.s in certain call s to allow of Vouchers although of Bramhope, in the Parish of Otley, in the West Riding of not fiamped according to Law; was committed; the the County of York.

Amendments which the Committee had made to the Ordered, d liat Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Bill, and which they had directed him to report, to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Fhe other Orders of the day being read;

Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read Refohrd, Fhat this House will, upon Wednesday next. Supply, throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to <1e,urecl. upon the Question l’evcrally put thereupon, were agreed confulcr further of the Supply granted to His Majesty. to by the House. - Ref deed, That this House will, upon Wednesday next. Committee

VoL 69. 4 R resolve 0X1 certain

Expiring

Laws,

deferred.

338

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Acts mentioned in the Resolutions which, upon Monday last, were reported from the Committee on '.Temporary Laws of a public and general nature—and who were instructed to report their opinion, from time to time, to the House, which of the said Laws are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, die Junii;

Anno 45° Georgii III. W Regis, 1805. Prayers.

Hampton in "IV/T R. Mordauntreported from the Committee, to whom

Incjofure Bill ^ie for inclosing Lands in the Manor of reported. * ’ son 111 Arden, in the County of Warwick, was committed.;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

31° Mali-—5°

A. 1805.

ingrofi’ed.

Lords The House proceeded to take into consideration the

to which ford Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Inclosure Bill, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlets of Whichford, asr«<i w- Afcott, and Stoioerton, in the Parish of , in the County of Wanvick.

And the said Amendments were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 7. I.31. Leave out " finally," and in the fame line, after " determined " insert " as ,f between the said Commissioners." Pr. 12. 1. 1. After " Commissioners " insert " or of " the said Umpire."

1. 14.) After " Commissioners " insert " or of & 15.3 " the said Umpire.

I.21.) After " Commissioners" insert " or of & 22.3 " the said Umpire."

1. 29.) After " Commissioners" insert " or of & 30.3 " the said Umpire."

Pr. 13,1.31. After "Commissioners" insert "or of " the said Umpire."

Pr. 31. 1.24. Leave out " Tenures," and in the fame line leave out " Services."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the I louie.

Ordered, That Mr. Mordaunt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

ttrrymn cs An ingross’ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eiute Bin, for vesting the devised Estates of Gentle-

summitud. man^ t]eeeafod, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying part of thcPurchafe Money in discharge of Incumbrances, and for laying out the residue, under the direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same uses; and until such Purchase be made, for laying out such residue in the purchase of 'll nee per-cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities; was read a second time.

li<solved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Lcgh Keck, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Uffier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, their Royal Highnesses the Duke of York, the Duke of Clarence, the Duke of Kent, the Duke of Cumberland, the Duke of Suffer, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of Glouceft the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Walsingham, and the Lord Auckland, named also

in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bill* are as followeth; viz.

An Act for making perpetual certain additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported into Great Britain, granted by two Acts, passed in the forty-third and forty-fourth, years of His present Majesty; and to allow a Drawback of the said Duties to Admirals, Captains, and other Commissioned Officers, for Wine consumed on-board His Majesty's Ships of War:

An Act for repealing so much of an Act made in the thirty-fourth year of His present Majesty, as exempts Slate, the value whereof shall not exceed Twenty shillings per ton, brought Coastwise within Great Britain, from the Duty thereby granted:

An Act to repeal certain parts of an Act, made in the forty-third year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Proses-fions. Trades, and Offices, and to consolidate and render more effectual the provisions for collecting the said Duties:

An Act for appointing Commissioners for putting into execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in England, and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the service of the year one thousand eight hundred and five; and an Act, made in the thirty-eighth year of His present Majesty, for granting an aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great,

for the service of the year one thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight:

An Act to continue until the end of the next Session of Parliament, and amend an Act, made in the forty-third year of His present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities, Frauds, or Abuses, which are or have been practised by Persons employed in the several Naval Departments therein mentioned:

An Act to appoint Commissioners to enquire and examine into the Public Expenditure, and the conduct of Public Business in the Military Departments therein mentioned; and to report such observations as shall occur to them for correcting or preventing any Abuses and Irregularities, and for the better conducting and managing the business of the said Departments; to continue in force for two years, and from thence until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the then next Session of Parliament:

An Act for regulating Licences for the sale of Spirituous

Koval Affirm to Billi,

45 Geo. III. 5° Junii. 339

ous Liquors, Wine, Beer, Ale, and Cyder, by retail, and for discouraging the immoderate use of Spirituous Liquors, in Ireland:

An Act for raising a further sum of Money for carrying into execution an Act, passed in the forty-second year of His present Majesty, for making additional Batons or Docks at Kingston upon Hull:

An Act for building a new Gaol in the Borough of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton:

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant part of His Majesty’s Allotment of the difaftorested Forest or Chase of Needwood, in the County of , for the erection

of a Church, and the endowment of the Minister thereof, and for building and establishing the said Church:

An Act for establishing a new Church or Chapel at Illaenavon, in the Parish of Lanover, in the County of Monmouth:

An Act for altering and amending an Act, pafl'ed in the forty-first year of His present Majesty, for enabling Chariot fa lie; he'll. Widow, to make and maintain a Navigable Canal from the River Hull to Leven Bridge, in the East Riding of the County of An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the County of Elgin, and for levying a conversion in lieu of the Statute Labour, and otherwise regulating the making and repairing the high Roads and Bridges in the said County:

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Ards, passed in the ninth and twelfth years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Noneichto Scole Bridge, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, pafl'ed in the second and twenty-fourth years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Lo/hrithief Turnpike Road, through gnny, to Ruan Lanchorue, and from Dennis Water to three hundred yards on the South fide of Tret him Mill, in the County of Cornu all:

An Act for more elleftually repairing and improving the Road from Melton Mowbray in the County of Iwi--1.cester, to the Guide Post in S Margaret's Field -cester, and another Road therein mentioned:

An Act to revive, continue, and enlarge the term and powers of three Acts, passed in the twenty-seventh and twenty-ninth years of his late Majesty, and in the second year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, lb far as the said Acts relate to the Road leading from the Town of , in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Nuneaton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Bishop's Gate, in the City of Coventry:

An Act for the better amending and repairing of the Road leading from the bounds of the Counties of Limerick and Cork, between the Towns of and Charle-

ville, to the City of Cork:

An Act for the better amending and repairing of the Road leading from the Town of Carlow, to the City of

Kilkenny:

An Act for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Ross, and such parts of the Counties of Cro-

marty and Nairn as lie in the said County of Ross, towards the expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act, passed in the forty-third year of His present Majesty, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland:

An Act forvefting a Farm and Hereditaments in the Parish of Peticorth in the County of Suffer, and in the Parish of Ealing in the County of Southampton (parcel of the Estates entailed with tire Cable and Manor of Arundel, by the Act of Parliament made in the third year of the reign of King Charles the Firli) in Trulice-s, upon trufi, to fell, and for laying out the Monies in the purchase of a more convenient Estate:

An Act for vesting several Meiiiiages and Hereditaments in and near Sheffield, in the County of York, and divers detached parts of the settled Estates of the most noble Charles Duke of Norfolk, in Truiiees, upon trull to fell; and to enable the said Charles Duke of Norfolk to Vol Go.

enfranchise certain Copyhold and Custoihary Hands, parcels of certain Manors in the Counties of Norfolk,

Suffolk, and Suffer, other parts of the said settled Estates and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales and Enfranchisements in the purchase" of more convenient Estates; and for other purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting certain Estates comprized ini the settlements executed on the marriages of Elizabeth afterwards the Wife of John Earl of Ashburnham, and 77 afterwards the Wife of Charles Boone, Esquire, in new Trustees:

An Act for exchanging part of the Fee Simple Estate of Sir John Buchanan, Baronet, in the County of Northumberland, for his settled Estates in the Counties of Bedford and Buckingham:

An Act for settling and securing certain parts and portions of the Lands and Barony of , and others

ly ing in the County of Perth, to and in favour of Thomas Graham, Esquire, of Balgoiean, and a certain series of heirs in fee tail, and in lieu thereof for vetting the Lands of Meekven, and others lying in the County of Perth aforesaid, in the said Thomas Graham, his heirs and assigns, in fee Ample:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of otherwise Fine don, in the County of Northampton:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Shirbiim, in the County of Oxford:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of tvorth in the County of Lincoln, and for making Compensation for the Tythes arising within the same Parish:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Plmnptree, in the County of Nottingham

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Methxeold, in the County of Norfolk:

An A<-f for inclosing Lands in the Manor of in the Parillies of Pyrford and Chertsey, or one of them, in the County of Surrey:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Dar* field, in the West Riding of the County of. York

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of , lit the County of Somerset:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of on the Hill, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for naturalizing George James i

An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Warin:

An Act for naturalizing Christopher

A Bill for draining and improving certain Low Grounds $eiby, &c. and Carrs, within the several Parillies, Townships, and Drainage Bilb Places of Selby, Bray ton, Thorpe WHamble ton, committe‘l-South Milforth, Sc aim Park, Wijlozc, Rejl

Lennerlon, Sherbum, Biggin, Church Fenton, Little Fenton, and BarkjlonAJh ,in the West Riding of the County of York; was read a second time.

Iiefolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Luifeelles, Mr. Wilberforce, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Woollen Manufacturers assembled at Petition Bath, 3d June 1805, from Bradford, Chippenham, Caine, ap1"11 Chard, Devizes, Froome, Frc/hford, the Woollen

bury, Melkffiam, Road, Sliepton Mai let t, , Manufact»r«.

Tiverton, Warminster, and Wcfibury, in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill to explain and amend several Acts, concerning the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain, and for establishing certain regulations relating thereto; and setting forth. That any limitation or prohibition of the uses of Machinery in the Woollen Manufacture of the Well of England, would prove highly injurious and destructive to the fame, more especialiy in the Counties of Wilts and Somerset: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifltie his warrant to the Forfar Writ-Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Commissioner to forve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Forfar, in the room of Sir David Cai megie. Baronet, deceased.

q A B ill

1

L.

340

5"/.

linn.

*4.'1805.

Carmarthen Gaol, &c.

Bill,

committed.

A Bill fW repealing an Act of the g2d year of His present Majesty, for building a Gaol for the Town and County Borough of Carmarthen, and for paving, lighting, and supplying the faitl Town with Water, mnd for granting other powers for those and other purposes relating thereto; was read a second time.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Williams, Mr. Parian, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Petition from Cornwall, re (petting the Tenth Report on Naval Enquiry.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Conin'nil, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Abuses in the Expenditure of the Public Money, which have been lately brought to light by the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry,'have filled the minds of the Petitioners

with alarm and indignation, and they call upon the

House for the fpoedy remedy of such Abuses, and for the exemplary pun ithment of the offenders; and that Abuses in the Expenditure of the Public Money (at all times matter of grievance) are peculiarly felt at this time, when so great a weight of Taxation falls upon all ranks of People; and that a Defence has been attempted, of the guilt of the offenders, by the assertion that no actual mif-chief has been sustained by these gross breaches of trull and offences against Law, as if the direct violation of a Statute were not a high Crime and Misdemeanor, without the aggravation, that the violation, of which the Petitioners complain, was fvhematic, and committed by a confidential Servant of the Crown, himself the framer of the Act which he has broken, and enjoying an increased salary under that very Act, in full satisfaction of all wages and fees, and other profits and emoluments theretofore enjoyed hv former Treasurers; and that such a Defence naturally increases the fear, that Peculation in the Expenditure of the Public Money is not confined to the Naval Department; and that the Petitioners have long submitted to severe privations, in the perfualion that they were necessary to the welfare and safety of the Country, and they claim, as theiif right, that the Money which is liberally granted shall be legally applied: And that the Petitioners, look with a confident hope to the House, after their Votes of the 8th and ioth days of April left, that, as Constitutional Guardians of their Liberty and Property, they will neither be deterred nor diverted from a full and impartial enquiry into all Abuses, in whatever department they may exilt; and that the enquiry now begun will not cease, until all Abuses in every Public Board be remedied, finee so only will the minds of the Petitioners be satisfied, the credit of the Government he upheld, anti that free Constitution be preferred inviolate, wdiieh is the sacred birthright of Lnglijhmen; and that Lord Viscount Melville, having been declared guilty of a high misdemeanour, by the Vote of the House of the 8th of April, a Civil Action is inadequate to the end proposed, and in itself incapable of faljsfying the demands of Public Justice.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Petition.

committee Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House Londo»°Por" to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to improvement consider of the Report which, upon 1 lnirlday lait, was " made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembledj was referred; be now read:—And the fame being read;—the House re-solved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left, the Chair.

Sir Charles Price took t he Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker refnmed the Chair.

Sir Charles Price reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Rdulution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report he received Tommorrow.

Petition

against

A Petition of several Carmen of the County of Middle-fc.v, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice Cvmen's Bill. of the Bill <br repealing so much of an Act, made in the 3‘fth and 40th year of His present Majesty, for making

London

Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater accommodation and security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of Iranian, a-, directs, that Compensation Hi all be made to the Governors of Christ's Jfnfpit.al, and to the free Carmen of the City of London, for the damage such'Carmen may 1‘uflain by-making the said Docks; (and for granting to them the exclusive right of carting for hire from the said Docks and other Works); and letting forth, That Hie Petitioners have inverted a confulerable Property in the purchase of Carts, Horses, and Premises, for carrying on their business, and have procured employment for their said Carts, by which they are enabled to maintain themselves and families; and that the Act, which the said Bill pro-poses to repeal, provides full and liberal compensation for any loss or damage that may be sustained by any of the said free Carmen; and that the trade oft the Port of London cannot be carried on by the present limited number of free Carts, at the di ft a nee from which all West India Produce is now brought; and the Manufacturers and Traders have been obliged to bring forward Carmen of the County of Midd/e/r.r, in consequence of the impositions of the free Carmen in respect of price, as well as from their refusal in the fu ll instance to bring up such Produce from the Docks and Basons made for the improvement of the said Port; and that the Carts belonging to the Carmen of the County of are excluded

from, and cannot he worked in, the said City, but the free Carts have the exclusive right of working within the City, and an equal right with the County Carmen of working in the County of Midr; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a law, it will extend the privileges of the City of London to the County of r, and

deprive Ihe Petitioners of the means of maintaining themselves and families: And therefore praying. That they may he heard, by themselves, their eounfel, or agent, against the said Bill, and that the fame may not pass into a law’.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a second time; and that the Petitioners he then heard, by themselves, their eounfel, or agent, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That eounfel he admitted to he heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

U:

Mr. Tor he reported from the Committee, to whom the Eau Brink

Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the '*

3.5th year of His present Majesty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and certain Low Lands adjoining or near thereto, and to the river Ouze, in the County of Norfolk; and for improving the Navigation of the said River from or near a place called Eau Brink to the Harbour of King's Lynn; and for improving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said river Ouzc; was committed; and to whom the Petition of Richard Paul Jodrell, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had heard eounfel in support of the said Petition, and had also heard eounfel in favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read tine Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Quell ion fe-vcrally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

A Petition of the there under-signed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners p‘ot,0nof are Freeholders of the County of Middle sex, and claim Frec),0j^sTCti to have had a right to vote at the last Election of a Knight

of

45 Geo. III.

5° Juniu

341

Account of

B^ances of Public Money, ordered.

of the Shire for the said County * and they are informed, that a Petition, signed by George Boulton Mainivaring, Esquiro, therein describing himself a Candidate at the said Election, and others, has been presented to the House, complaining, among other things, of the Election and Return of Sir Francis B Baronet, to serve in Parliament for the said County; and that the Petitioners have observed, determined by a Notice, inserted in the London Gazette on the 7th day of May lair, by order of the Speaker of the House, that, after the presenting the said Petition, the said Sir Francis Burdett, then being the Sitting Member for the said County, did, on the 6th day of May lad, under and by virtue of the provisions and enactments contained in the second feetion of an Act of Parliament, passed in the 28th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of Controverted Elections or. Returns of " Members to serve in Parliament," inform the House, byr a Declaration in writing, subscribed by him, and delivered in at the Table of the House, that it was not his intention to defend his said Election or Return: And therefore praying. That, under and by virtue of the provisions and enafhnents contained in the said hereinbefore in part recited Act, they may be admitted as Parties, in the room of the said Sir Francis Burdett, and be considered as such to all intents and purposes whatever.

Ordered, That the said Petitioners be admitted Parties, in the room of the said Sir Francis Burdett, Baronet, according to the prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Balances of Public Money, remaining with the Receiver General of the Customs, on the 5th of January, the 5th of April, the 5th of July, and the 5th of October, in each year, from the year 1793 inclusive to the 5U1 of April lad; with an Account of the Names of the Persons with whom, or in whose custody, the said Balances have been placed, at the respective periods.

Sockport, Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do make the Report from jncioiure’&c. the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, incloting. Bill, reported. an(j fejjing or disposing of the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Manor, Barony, Town, and Towntliip of Stockport, in the County Palatine of Chester, and for applying the Money to a rife thereby for the benefit of the said Town, and for other purposes relating thereto; was committed.

Mr. Stanley accordingly reported from the said Committee; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfuftion of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made l’everal Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to

s 1 V

be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were- agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrcfied.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Kctincf and Aron Canal Navigation, to complete the same, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of the several Acts passed for making the said Canal; was read the third time.

An ingrossed Chiu 11- was offered to be added to the Bill, determined by way of Ryder; for feeuring the right of Wharfage to

* _ OO O

the Corporation of Devizes.

And the said Cluule was thrice read; and, upon the

aaet md Ofl Canal •> passed.

Qucfiion put tli

! to determined by the House, to be

ereupon, ayre^c made part of the Bill, by way of Kyder.

Resolvevd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Brunet and sivun Canal Navigation, to complete the iyme; and for ahoring and enlarging, the Powers of the several Acts passed lor making the said Canal.

OL. Oo.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Ejlcourt do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Sir John Stewart reported from the Select Committee; Report from to whom the several Papers presented to this House, re- committee luting to the Repairs of His Majesty’s Blips the on Paper. -

and Satfible, while under the command of Sir Home Jjj*^*0 Popham, are referred; to examine into the several matters p0phani* contained therein relative to the said Repairs, and to the proceedings of the Admiralty and Navy Boards, and of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, thereupon; and; also to enquire into the circumstances attending the publication of the Report of the Navy Board, dated 20th February 1804, and into the loss of certain Vouchers and Documents on which that Report was framed; and also into the circumstances attending the impressing of Mr.

David EwenBartholomew, and to report the fame, to-

gether with their Proceedings and Observations thereupon, from time to time, to the House; and who were empowered to examine into the Expenditure and Purchase of all Stores for the use of the said Ships;—That the Committee had made a progress in the matters to them referred, and l\ad directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read. j

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table*

Ordered, That the said Report be printed, for the Members of the House.:

The said Report is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Lord effecting the sale or exchange of certain real Estates and

Hereditaments late of George Samuel Lord Viscount committed. Montague, deceased, and laying out the Money thence arising in the purchase of other real Estates; was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bcnyon,

General Lennox, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom Coxweirs the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for ^o^ed'ani veiling certain trull Estates in the Trustees of the Set- parted. ,an tlement executed on the marriage of Henry Coxwell,

Esquire, and Margaret his Wife, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the-Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfuclion of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the:

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Johnjhne reported from the Committee, to whom Ryhill, the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Hamlets or Townlliips indosure Bitl, of Ryhill and Camerton, in the East Riding of the County reporte<1' of York; and for making compensation for the Tythes thereof, and also for the Tythes of the ancient inclosed Lands within the said Hamlets or Townlliips; was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the lloufe; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and

4 S then

34S

5° yunii.

A. 1805.

'tfceri & fecdttd time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iitgrolfed.

Castletott Lerd George Augustus Henry Cavcvdi/k reported from Bilt'rtrotedi Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend * att Art, passed in the 33d year of his late Majesty, for regulating the Proceedings in personal Actions in the re-lbe€tive Courts Baron of the Hundred of High Peak, and lllainor of Capeton, in the County of and for extending the powers of the said Courts; was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for the shore easy recovery of Small Debts, had been complied vfith; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve-raJly put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, vfrith the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Byerfgretn Mr. Lambton reported from the Committee, to whom frcfofUre Bill ^ie for inclosing Lands in the Townships of reported. ’ green and Old Park, in the County of Durham, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Petitions A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Searchers, and sheffiekT&c Assistants, of the Company of Cutlers, in in

Hoad Bill. C’ the County of York, in their Common Hall assembled: And also,

A Petition of several Owners of Estates and Inhabitants in the Town and Parish of Sheffield, the Townships of Wad/ley, Wefinal, Walderjhand Langset, and the rc-

spetSiive neighbourhoods thereof;

' Were severally presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for making and keeping in repair a Carriage Road, to branch out of the Turnpike Road leading from to Pen!(Ion,

at the Township of in the West Riding

of the County of York, to join in the Township of Langset, in the said Riding, the Turnpike Road leading from Doncaster to Salter's Brook: And praying. That the fame may pass into a Law. And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Bain bridge A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Bainbridge

inclosure Bill, Papjfij of AifgartIt, in the County of York’, was read

committed. *'£>

a second time.

llefolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. force, Mr. Henry Lascelles, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

r

Mr. Dennison reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees for executing two Acts,

F.cv<m and Beverley Roads Petition, r< ported.

made in the ill and 22d years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Cross, in the

Parish of Levan inHoldemefs, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Beverley, in the said County, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,—Two Acts, passed in the i ft and 221! years of the reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Road leading from the White Cross in the Parish of Holdemefs, in the East Riding of the Cmmty of York, to the Town of Beverley, in the said County; were read:— And, John Lockwood, Efcjuire, being examined, said. That the term granted and continued by the said Acts, is near expiring; and the said Road cannot be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in repair, unless the term of the said Acts is further continued, and the powers thereof altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed in the 1 It and 2 2d years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Wh in the Parish of Leven in Iloldin the East Riding of the County of York, to the Town of in the said County: And that Mr. Dennison and Mr. Henry Lascelles, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that Air. John foil, from the Office of the Chief Secretary for Ireland, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Particulars of the Expences incurred for Criminal Prosecutions in Ireland, conducted at the expence of the Crown, from 1 ft January 1795 to ill January 1801.

And then he withdrew':—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

A Petition of the Trustees of the being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Totting forth, That, by the munificence of Parliament, the Sloan tan and HarlcianCollections of Books, Manuscripls,

Records, Coins, Medals, Gems, and other rare and valuable articles of Science and Literature, have been heretofore purchased at the Public expence, and placed as an addition to the Cottonian Library, under the care and management of the Trustees of the British Museum; and that the collection of Etruscan, Grecian, and Homan Antiquities, belonging to the late Sir William Hamilton, was afterwards purchased by Parliament in like manner, and vested in the fame Trustees, to be placed in the fame general Repository; and that many large and valuable benefactions of Books, Coins, Medals, and Specimens of Natural I-Iiftory, have fmcc been received, from time to to time, so as nearly to occupy the whole of the Building assigned for those purposes; that when His Majesty wra.s graciously pleased to direct that the Egyptian Antiquities, obtained in the lad war by the valour of His Majesty’s Arms, should be placed in the British Museum, a liberal aid was granted by Parliament towards the erection of a suitable addition to the present Building, as well for (he purpose of preserving these focurely and conveniently, as also for the reception of

other

Account of Criminal

Prosecutions in Ireland, presented.

(No. 48.)

Petition from British

Museum—* ref;*# in 5 Mr. Town-ley’s Collection.

45 Geo. III.

5° Juniu

345

other important specimens of the Fine Arts, already in the possession of the Tmfires, and to which it was hoped that material additions might be made from time to time; which Building has been undertaken accordingly, and will be nearly completed iii the course of the present year;' and that the late Charles F.squire, who

was aTrustee of the British did, in his life-time, by successfu! exertions, and at a large expence, during a long course of years, form a most valuable collection of ancient Sculptured Marbles, which, for their perfeid condition, and exqnifite taste, far exceed any private collection in this country, and are not surpassed (os it is believed) by any other, of equal extent, in Europe-, and that the family of the late Charles Esquire, to

whom this collection was bequeathed, in consequence of a repr£»fentation to them, that the preferring and exhibiting it to the public view in the Metropolis, would be highly advantageous to the cultivation of the Fine Arts, and at the same time honourable to the memory of their deceased Relation, have expressed their consent to surrender this collection to the Public, if Parliament should be disposed to purchase the fame at the sum of £. 20,000. being (as they slate) far less than its value, and if the like privilege were conferred upon their family as was granted, in die like cases, to the families of Sir Hans Slnane and the Earl of Oxford, by vesting in the heirs of the late Charles Townley, Esquire, the power of nominating two Tmllees of the British Mufeumin perpetual fueceflion; and that

the Petitioners conceive it to be an ob ject of great National importance for the improvement of the Fine Arts, that a collection of Antique Sculpture, of such acknowledged and unrivalled excellence, should be acquired and preferred for Public inspectkm and use; and they have felt if the more incumbent upon them, to submit these cir-cnmftances to the confederation of Parliament, as they believe it to be universally allowed, that a collection in this branch of the Fine Arts, to which Artists can have free deeds, is much warded in this Country, and as the additional Buildings, already provided for by the liberality of Parliament, have been planned in a manner the bell adapted for receiving such a collection, and exhibiting it to the greatest advantage.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the confi derat ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Lon", Mr. Windham, the Earl of Mr. Gren-

ville, the Lord Lovaine, Mr. Fox, Mr. Bankes, the Marquis of Douglas, Mr. Grey, Mr. William Mr. Bond,

Mr. Carry, Sir Nathaniel Holland, Sir William Young, Lord Henry Petty, Sir William El ford.Sir Thomas pliilus Metcalfe, Mr. Payne Knight, Lord Viscount harris, Mr. Coicper, Lord Francis Almaric Spencer: And they are meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the find Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn from time to time, and from place to place, as they shall think fit; and to fit during the fitting, and notwithstanding any adjournment, of the House.

ttorjs A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harvey and Mr. '^reed Stanley:

Mr. Speaker,

'!onDwlt The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act tCy S 10 aber and amend an Act, passed in the fortieth year of Mis present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Batons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater accommodation and security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for extending the powers ami provisions of the said Act; without any Amendment: And allb,

Crr« The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually making, repairing, and improving, several Roads in the County of Glamorgan; without any Amendment: And also, uijjB ^*6 Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act VOL. bo.

for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the third and twenty-fourth' years of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads-leading from or near the North fide of the Town-of Totnes, towards Ashhurton, in the County of Dr.-on, and for building a Bridge at or near a place called Emmetti, across the River Dart-, without any Amendment:, Aneb also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Spalding nr.4 to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers, •:

' of two Acts, passed in the fourth and twenty-fourth years r ,r

of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening thee ,-;E.

Roads from Spalding High Bridge to* the Market Place* 0 ......

in Donington, and from the tenth mileflone in the Parish;

of Golhertoion, to the eighth milestone in the Parish;

of Wigtoft, in the county of ; without -any,

Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Croftfwd' for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of an Act, passed in the thirty-sixth year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from

CrqffordBridge, in the County Palatine of to'

Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,*An. Act, Broadmaine for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in the InclosureBi1

County of Dorset;without any Amendment: And alfd,

The I-ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Fsenol for inclosing, embanking, draining, and improving, certain Inc^fuhre B!JI» Lands in the Township of Facnol, in the Parish of Amendments

in the County of Merioneth; with feme Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,; 'The Lords

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for paired authorizing the Trustees named in the will of Jane Kcate’s Catherine Keate, Widow, to fell the Meflitages and Te-

nements in Spital fields, in the County of Middlesex, thereby devised, and for investing the clear purchase Monies, under the direction of the High Court of Chancery, in other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same uses; and also for authorizing the granting of building, and repairing Leases until sale; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House. , ..

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the first , Bm r«ai time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a fecoud time.

\ v

Lord William Bn (fellpresented to the House, pursuant, Minute's on to their Order,—A Copy of the Minutes of the Evidence Camberwell taken before the Committee, to whom the Bill for sup- jwiftep^r * plying the Inhabitants of the Parish of Giles Cam- frmed.

benvell, and parts of the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, and several other pari files and places in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, with Water; was committed.

Ordered, That the said Minutes do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Minutes be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Minutes are preferred amongli the other Papers of this Session.

N. B.—A printed Copy is with the Original.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into Further further confuleration the Report which was made from Coni;,ier.ition the Committee, to whom the Bill for supplying the Inha- t'-rrKrwolf Infants of the Parish of Saint Giles Cand parts Waterworks of the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, and several other

parishes and places in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, with Water; was committed; be now read;—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the fetid Report be taken into further confederation upon Friday next.

Mr. Dickinfm, junior, presented to the House, pur- ierff.9

suant to their Orders, bit ween sir

A Paper, intituled, " Substance of a Letter written by " Sir Andrew JJamtmd to Lord St.Vincent, dated zSth sovinTenr, "December 1802, as taken down the day after it was p«i«ted.

" written, no copy having been retained at the time tl*e " Letter was diijpatchodAnd also.

Copy

344

5° Juniu A. 1805.

Copy of a Letter from Earl St. Vincent to Sir -Andrew Snape diamond, on the subject of building Seventy-four Gun Ships; dated 29th December 1802.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Papers be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preferred amongst the other . .. a i- Papers of this Session. '

Ireland—; {-Ordered, That there be prepared, a Return of the refrain v&Wies of every Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Non-residence a«d Parochial Chapelry, within the several dioceses of * Clergymen, Ireland, and of all the persons possessrng the fame, who or ere . not have resided on such Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, or Parochial Chapelry, during one year ldlt part; so far as the several Archbishops or Bishops may be informed thereof; in order to the fame being laid before 1 ' the House early in the next Session of Parliament, by the ’ Registers of the several Dioceses; distinguishing such Persons as have received licence or permission from their Diocefans for their non-residence.

Ordered, That there be prepared, by the Registers of the several Dioceses of Ireland, Returns of the names and number of parillies comprized in each Union of Parishes within their respective Dioceses, the period of time when Inch respective parishes were united, and the authority under which such Union was effected; the number of acres of Glebe which appertain to each pari lb, and whether any Glebe House is erected thereon; and the distance at which such respective parillies so united lie from each other, when such parillies are not contiguous; and whether any, and what number of Churches in which -Divine Service is performed, are now severally thereon, .. . -or were at the time when such parishes were united; so far as the fame can be made out; in order to the fame - being laid before the House early in the next Session of Parliament

Consideration Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into °Duke of °n farther consideration the Report, which was made from Athoii’s ' the Committee, upon the Petition of the Duke of Atholl, Petition, antj other matters relating to the Isle of Man; be now deferred. rea(].— ^nd the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further cynlideration Tommorrow.

B?n for the Mr. Robert JVard, according to Order, reported from Lncourage- the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Seamen, , for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better reported. and more effectually manning His Majesty’s Navy; was 1 again re-committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in place; and afterwards delivered tile Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments w ere once read throughout; and then a second time, one determined by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, \vere agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to lie added to the Bill; directing the T reahirer of Greenw ich Hospital to transmit Extracts of Prize Lifts to the Navy Board.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; to prevent Persons employed by Greenwich Hospital, acting as Prize Agents.

Ami the said Clause was brought up, and twice read, with a Blank.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blank with a certain pocuniary Penalty;

Befolved, That the said Clause- be committed.

Bdolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Befolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve iif.-lf into a Committee of the whole Horde, upon the said Clanfe.

Tim House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Burroughs took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Burroughs reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the said Clause, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir William Burroughs accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendment in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause w as, upon the Question put there-, upon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill;, for allowing the Percentage for Agency to be charged’ on the Net Proceeds of -any Prize.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill;

for regulating the attestations to be made on Letters of

Attorney.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be, made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; directing that the unclaimed Shares of Soldiers Prize Money shall be paid to the Treasurer of Hof- ,

pital.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the-Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; to prevent ProCtors being employed by adverse Parties in the fame Suit.

And the said Clause was brought up, and twice read with a Blank.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blank with a certain pecuniary Penalty;

Befalved, That the said Clause be committed.

Befolved, That the said Claul'c be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Befolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Diekinson, junior, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dtckiujon, junior, reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the said Clause, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr Dickinson, junior, accordingly reported from the said Committee; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question’ put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the I Ioule, to be made part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bid, with the Amendments, be ingroll’ed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon this day fcvemiight.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon Rep0* Ihurlday lair, was made from the Committee appointed

to

45. Geo. Illi

Will.

345

Cotisto to enquire how far it may be expedient to- allow Coalsi,

loK-ioii by toa limited extent, to be brought to London by the Grand

C:i"a'Stoa Junflionand Paddington Canals, upon payment of the

SSKrf fame Rates and Duties to which Coals brought coastwise ,he whole j,to the Port of London are now liable, an I to report the

jjouie. fame, as it iliould appear to them, to the House; might be again read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole Hotife.

Resolved, That this Jloufe will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ireland— Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third t),iiiiiery Bill, reading of the ingrafted Bill for collecting the Duties on passed. Spirituous Liquors distilled in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Distiller, and the warehousing of fuCli Spirits for Exportation; be now read :—And the fame being read ;—the said Bill was read the third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

I’r. 67. 1. 1. To leave out from the beginning of the line to " And," in line 29.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refill ed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for collecting the Duties on Spirituous Liquors distilled in Ireland, and regulating the trade of aDistiller; and the warehousing of Inch Spirits for Exportation.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Bill for The Order of the day being read, for the third reading (applying of the ingrafted Bill for making more effectual provision

MancT Dr the supplying of Cities and Market Towns in Ireland

with Water, with Water;

bree months Motion w'as made, and the Question being proposed, ’ That the said Bill be now read the third time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Questionviz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the end of the Question to add the Words " upon this day three " months."

And the Question being put. That the word " now," Hand part of the Question;—It passed in the negative.

And the Question being put, That the words " upon " this day three months," be added at the end of the Question ;—It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon this day three months.

Spanish The Order of the day being read, for the IToufe to M*deferred re^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for charging the like Duties, and allorving the like Drawbacks of Customs, on Spanish Red Wine imported into and exported from Great Britain, as are now charged and allowed on French Wine imported and exported;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee The Order of the day being read, for the House to renting the Dive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-Coasting fuler of an Act, made in the 31ft year of His present

towed Majestyfor the better regnlat ion and government of Seamen employed in the Coasting Trade of this Kingdom;

n< filed. That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

bo amend The Order of the day being read, for the House to

/criminal reDlvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon jwt, the Bill to amend two Acts, of the 13th and 44th years

«d. of His present Majesty, for the more effectual execution

, of the Criminal Laws, and more easy apprehending and

bringing to Trial, Offenders escaping from one part of the United Kingdom to the other, and from one County to another;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Vol. 60.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported frorh the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of M ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolulions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, Lottery,

towards railing the Supply granted to llis Majesty, the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury be authorized to contract with any person or persons, for the.

Eurchafe of any number of Tickets, to be drawn in Three lotteries, not exceeding Ninety thousand; subjetlto such discount for prompt payment, and under such rules and regulations, as the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury shall think proper:

That a Sum, not exceeding the amount of Ten pounds for each Ticket so fold, shall be distributed into Prizes,. for the benefit of the Proprietors Of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lotteries; Which prizes shall be charged upon the aids and supplies granted in this Session of Parliament for Great Britain and Ireland, for the service of the year 1805; and be paid at the Bank of; in money,

to the Proprietors; upon demand, within two months after the drawing of each of the said Lotteries, or Us soon after as Certificates can be made out, without any deduction whatsoever:

That all tile Money, arising by thefaleof such Tickets, shall be paid into the receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer at We/hninfler, and applied, from time to time, to such

services for Great Britain and Ireland, as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament; in the proportion of Two-tlrirds for Great Britain, and One-third for Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Militia Pay. the charge of the pay and eloathing of the Militia of Great Britain, for one year, beginning the 15th day of March 1805, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax.

Resolved, T\\oX it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Allowances!* the charge of the allowances to be made to Adjutants Aji"t*nt‘» and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of , disem-

bodied in pursuance of an Act of the 39th and 40th year of 11 is present Majesty, for one year, beginning the 25th day of March 1805, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That irffli the charge of the pay and eloathing of the Militia of Ireland, and of allowances to be made to certain Subal- c* tern Officers of the Militia of Ireland, during peace, for the year 1805, be defrayed out of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

Resolve d, ThvA it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Allowance* to the allowances to certain Subaltern Officers of the Militia of Great Britain, in time of peace, for the year cer*‘ 1805, be defrayed out of the monies arising determined by the Land Tax.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by liie House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon each of the said Resolutions: And that Air. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Lava Lord Viscount Fizharris, Mr. Long, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. SturgesBourne, and Mr. llujkijfov, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bills.

Mr. Alexander presented to the House, according to Bin to amend Order, a Bill to amend the several Laws relating to the Laws relatinB Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes: And the fame was received; and read the tirlt time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the I louse to re- Ways and solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- , M«ns*

4 T fider ened-

346

ill ill.

1. 1805.

I lie of Man Trade Bill, deferred.

fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Rc/obed, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating and encouraging the Trade, for the improvement, of the Revenue, and prevention of Smuggling to and from the I of Man

The ingrossed Bill for further continuing an Act, made PoftHont in the 27th year of Ills present Maiefi v, for enabling the-Dll,y Bill, Commissioners of the Treasury to let to farm the Duties on Horses let to hire for travelling Poll and by Time was, according to Older, read the third time.

lu'h>lved. That the Bill do pais; Ami that the Title be,

An Act for further continuing, until the first day of February one timufand eight hundred and nine, an Act, made in the twenty-seventh year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to let to

Resolved, That this I souse will, upon Friday next, re- farm the Duties on Horses let to hire for travelling Poll

solve itself into the said Committee.

Irchmt— The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a CH-'arthteeon Committee of the whole I louse, upon the Bill to regulate Duties, Col- the Collection of the Duties on Fire Hearths, on Dwel-lection Bill, ling Houses according to the number of Windows, on Coaches and other Caniages, on Male Servants, on Horses, and on Dogs, in Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

and by Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

•The Order of the day being read, for taking into fur- Further ther confuleration the Report from the Committee of the Confident* whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act r^pefe Act, made in the 38th year of His present Majesty, for ft- Southern the further encouraging the Southern Whale Fiilierics; Fin*

Ordered, That the said coiifiuerut.un 1 u-morrow.

Report be taken into further deferred.

A Bill to continue an Act, made in the'Taft Session of Bill to

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report. Parliament, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into

' ' T1 r ' r ' the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which commito-

Dublin Police Bill, deferred.

.Bill to amend

Afr respecting Bounties on Fish,

deferred.

when the House will please to receive the same,

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual administration of the office of a Justice of the Peace, and for the more effectual prevention of Felonies, within the district of Dublin Metropolis;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,. upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, for granting Bounties for taking and bringing Fish to the Cities of London and and other places in the United Kingdom;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee on The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-improving the solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of improving the Harbour on the North fide of the Hill of Howl It, near Dublin, and rendering it a tit station for His Majesty’s Packets;

Re/blved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The ingrossed Bill to consolidate and extend the several Laws now in force for allowing the importation arid exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the West Indies •, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act to consolidate and extend the several Laws now in force for allowing the importation and exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the West Indies.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

are or have been lately received in the several Public «Act, Ofiices in Ireland, therein mentioned, to examine into commme'*< any Abuses which may exiit in the fame, and into the present mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for Public Money, in Ireland; was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply,

deferred.

Harbour ot Howth, deferred.

West India Free Ports Bill, passed-.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Acts mentioned in the Rofolut ions whic h, upon the 27th day La ws. of May la 11, were reported from the Committee on Temporary Laws of a public and general nature—and who were iiiftructed to report their opinion, from time to time, to the House, which of the said Laws are fit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Bill to amend A# for auditing Public Accounts, parted.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of the Wiil of the most noble Francis late Duke of Bridocxater, to make grants in •fee, or for years at reserved Rents, of certain parts of his 1 he ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, made in the 25th Trtifl Estates, lying near or adjoining his Canal in the

Duke of

Bridgewater's Estate Bill, committed.

year of His present Majesty, for better examining and auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom; and for enabling the Commissioners in certain cases to allow of Vouchers although not starnped according to law; was, according to Order, read the third time.

Rejoiced* That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-fifth gear of His present Majesty, for better examining and auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom; and for enabling the Commissioners in certain cales to -allow of Vouchers although not starnped according to law.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the I*t>rd.s» and desire their concurrence.

Counties of Lancaster and Chejle.r^ for the purpose of having Buildings erected thereon, and otherwise improving the same; was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Holder-foiiy Mr. Brad/hmvy &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of t he clock.

45 Geo. Ill

(>° Jun

347

Jo vis, 6° die Jun ii;

Anno -15° Georgii IIP1' Regis, iSoy

Prayer s.

Petition A PETITION of SGeorge Noble was pre-jpintt 7V. fented to the House, and read} taking notice of fiafceBii). the Bill for inclosing Land-, in in the County

O t'Leicester;and letting fori h, That the Petitioner is Reftolr

of the said Parish; and conceives that foine of the provisions of the said Rill will he prejudicial to his interest :— And therefore praying, That he may be heard against the fame, by hiinlelf or his eounfel.

Ordered, That I lie said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to w hom the said Rill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or eounfel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an infiruftion to the said Committee, that they do admit eounfel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Rill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have voices.

it Mailing An ingrossed Rill for ineloling Lands in the Parishes Mure Bill, of East Mailing and Tcston, in the CoYinfy of Kent, w as ied‘ read the third time.

Refilled, That the Rill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for ineloling Lands in the Parities of East Mailing and Teston, in the County

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Rill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

inother A Petition of several Owners of I'.fates, in the Parish itition for of Alwalton, in the County of Huntingdon, was presented

wbtof.C* to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners presented a Petition to the House in the present Session, praying for leave to bring in a Rill for inclosing Lands in the said Parish of and to exonerate

the fame from Tythes; and leave was given accordingly; and that the Petitioners are informed application is making to Parliament for a Bill to inclose Lands in the Parish of Cherry Orton, otherwise Overton Watervile, in

the County of Huntingdon; and that the said Parishes adjoin each other, and the Petitioners conceive it will bo beneficial to all Persons interested in the Lands in Alwallon, if, instead of having a separate Bill for the inclosure thereof, provision were made in the Bill for inclosing Lands in the find Parish of Cherry Orton, for ' t also inclosing the Lands in the Parish of Attention:, And ' therefore praying, That provision may be made in the said Bill for that purpose. rftrof The House was moved, That th.e Petition of several foaiton Persons interested in the Open and Common Fields, Mire Bill, Meadows, Commons, Waste Grounds, and other Open and Uninclosed Lands, in the Parish o in the County of Huntingdon, which was presented to the House upon the 28th day of February lafi;—and also, the Older made for leave to bring in a Bill puvluant to the Prayer of the said Petition; might he read:—And the lame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be rlifeharged. n&ion. 0rthered. That it he an infraction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a bill for inclosing Lands in the said Parish of Cherry Orton, pur-ftiant to the prayer of the Petition of the Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars of the College or Hall of Man/ Valence, commonly called Pembroke in the University of

Cambridge-, that they do make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the Petition now presented to the House.

wt An ingrossed Bill for dividing, inclosing, and felling art, tee. qr disposing of the Commons and Waste Grounds in the Manor, Barony, Town and Township of Stockport, in the County Palatine of and for applying the

Money to arise thereby, for the benefit of the said d own, and for other purposes relating thereto; w as read Uje third time.

VoL 60.

Rcfilved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and felling or disposing of the Common Lands and Waste Grounds in the Manor, Barony, Town and Township of Stockport, in the County Palatine of Cl'after, and for applying the Money to arise thereby, for the benefit of the Poor of the said Town.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, to whom Chughton the Bill for ineloling a certain Tract or Parcel of Moor, j^MureBUI, Common, or Waste Ground, called Moor, reported,

within and Parcel of the Manor of

in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for converting the fame into a Stinted Pallure; was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satis-faction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates allefied to the Poor’s Rate at 7 4 who refused

to sign the Bill; and also, the Proprietors of Estates assessed at ,£. 3. os. 8d. who could not be found; and that the whole property belonging to Persons interested in the Inolofure is assessed to the Poor’s Rate at 24. 6s. -, and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; w'hich they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Clotlnvorkers, concerned in the Woollen Cloth Manufacture in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of several Clotlnvorkers or Shearmen, concerned in the Woollen Cloth Manufacture in the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, and G: And also,

A Pet it ion of several Clothiers, concerned in the Woollen Cloth Manufacture in the County of York;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill to explain and amend several Acts concerning the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain, and for establishing certain regulations relating thereto: And praying, That the fame may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered

to lie upon the Table.

Petitions in favour of Bill, respecting the Woollen Manufacture*

A Petition of several Directors for managing the con- Petition cerns of the Wc/lIndia Dock Company, was presented ^init to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill to re- LaftageVnd peal two Acts, pa (led in the 6th and 3 2d years of his late Baiiafiage Majesty, for the regulation of Laftage and Baiiafiage in Blll‘ the River Thames, and to make more effectual regulations relating thereto; and setting forth, That the fame contains divers clauses and provisions which, if passed into a law, will materially ailect the rights and interests of the said J lejlIndia Dock Company: And therefore praying, That they may he heard, by their eounfel, agents, and witnesses, against such parts of the said Bill as may affect them.

Ordered, That the said Petition he referred to the eon-sideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their eounfel, agents; and witnesses, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Iultruction to the said Committee, that they do admit eounfel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

General

&cai broil gh Paving, &rc.

Bill,

presented.

Eau Brink Drainage JJil], paffod.

Rumney Bridge BilL passed.

Xewnham Road Bill, preiemed.

Report on Report of London Port Improvement Petition.

re-committed#

34S

4. 1805,

General Phipps presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for paving, and otherwise improving, the Streets and other Places in the Township of,

in the North Riding of the County of York; and for li'cenfing hackney coaches, and establishing other regulations in the said Township: And the fame was received; and read the first. time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

6° Junii

A Bill for dividing and allotting Lands in the Parish of Srulewtii

Saaks'ell. in the County of Cambridge, was read a second Inclosurt BUi, . * 3 committed

time.

(j.'inii

IcW-f

An ingrossed Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the 35th year of His present Majesty, foi* improving the Drainage of the Middle and part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and certain Low Lands adjoining or near thereto, and to the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk; and for improving the Navigation of the said River from or near a place called Eau Brink to the Harbour of King's Lynn; and for improving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze; was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth year of His present Majesty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South levels, part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and certain Low Lands adjoining or near thereto, and to the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolkand for improving the Navigation of the said River from or near a place called Eau Brink to the Harbour of King’s Lynn and for improving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze.

Ordered That Lord Charles Somerset Manners do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Rill for building a Bridge over that part of* the River Rumncy, which divides the Parish of in the County of Monmouth, and the Parish of Roath in the County of Glamorgan; was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for building a Bridge over that part of the River Rummy, which divides the Parish of in the County of Monmouth, and the Parish of Roath in the County of Glamorgan.

Ordered That Lord Charles Somerset Manners carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

do

Admiral Berkeley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an Act, passed in the 23d year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from the Passage or Ferry over the River Severn at to

a place called Saint White's adjoining the Forcli of Dean, in the County of GlouceAnd the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Sir Charles Price, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which, upon Thursday last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred; the Resolution, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

IZ.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That sum, not exceeding Fifty thousand pounds, should be dvanced out of the Consolidated Fund, for completing lie Canal and other Works directed to be made by an V.ft, passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty, for endering more commodious, and for better regulating, lie Port of London.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed. Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve tself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider urther of the said Report.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Henry Feiloses, Mr. Charles Yorke, Ike. And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill for repealing so much of an Bay aw Act, made in the -n.th and 40th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making Wet Docks, Reading of " Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater accom- £Londo? lt modation and security of Shipping, Commerce, and *nnen‘®^ tc Revenue, within the Port of London," as directs that. Compensation lha.ll be made to the Governors of Christ's Hospital, and to the free Carmen of the City of,

for the damage such Carmen may sustain by making the said Docks; and for granting to them the exclusive right of carting for hire from the said Docks and other Works; be read a second time upon Tuesday next.

A Petition of the Innholders, Victuallers, and Publi- petition of cans, of the City of Prefer, and of the Parish of Saint Innholder. Thomas the Apostle, in the County of Devon, was pre- of Exeter* fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That it is with great reluctance the Petitioners apply to the House for redress; hut they beg leave to represent to the House, that the present. allowance of one halfpenny per day for each Soldier while in quarters, for lodging, salt, vinegar, firing, candle, wear and tear of kitchen utensils and bedding, and washing of the latter, is very inndeqnate to the losses the Petitioners sustain thereby; and that by reason of Exeter being a garrison, and the Soldiers quartered there and in Saint Thomas being by means thereof far more numerous, the Petitioners labour under peculiar hardships on that account: And therefore praying for such relief as to the House flia.ll seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House was moved. That the Order made yesterday, Further for taking into further consideration Tommorrow, the of Re^of* Report which was made from the Committee, to whom Camberwell the Bill for supplying the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Giles Camberwell, and parts of the Parish of Saint

Mary Lambeth, and several other parishes and places in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, with Water, was committed; ‘ might be read :—-And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said. Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

Mr. Ejlcourt, according to Order, reported from the Bflltoameni

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 9th year of King George the reported, and First, for amending ihe Laws relating to the settlement, re-comnutwd. employment, and relief of the Poor; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. E/tcourttook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. E/scourt reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several ot er Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received 1 o-morrow.

rrtitw

’.ttbtiXt

fcttei

S«3!t Cl

\xi

*-NS

L&,

iW.

r:;t

a

1

, t t

t

oonfideretL

i'

* n

The Order of the day being read, for the fecoml reading of the Bill to explain and amend several A6^.

1 i

K P;

ki

rooUcn

nubrture,

{’erred.

idlefoc ft ion— ilideration Petition of tholders, :iPircd.

msideration Report on >uke of itholi's ttition, i cried.

coment of

ilauces of

uftocm,

Drdered#

Committee on Jill to amend roped-

ng Bounties laFiih.

ported*

lin

Bill,

cd*

-Act: to ervice to be td.

45 Geo. III. 6° fumi.

349

corning the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain, anti for establishing certain regulations relating thereto;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon the 6th day of May last, for taking into con fide rat ion. Tommorrow, the Petition of George Boulton Esquire, Sir William Gibbons, Baronet, Sir William , Baronet, Henry Thornton, Esquire, William Esquire, and Samuel Pepys Cockerell, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election for the said County, might be read :—And the lame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tommorrow sevennight, the 14th day of this instant J une, at three of the clock in the afternoon. Memorandum: ,

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their attendance accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into further consideration the Report which was made from the Committee upon the Petition of the Duke of A/holl, and other Matters relating to the Isle of Man; be now read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Balances remaining with the Receiver General of the Customs on the 5th day of December, 5th day of March, 5th day of June, and 5th day of September, from the year 1793, inclusive, up to the 5th day of March last, with an Account of the names of the Persons with whom, or in whose custody, the fame have been deposited at the respective periods.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, for granting Bounties for taking and bringing Fish to the Cities of London and and other places in the United Kingdom, be now read:

■—And the fame being read ;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair;

Mr. Bose reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the BiH, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Bose accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, be printed, for the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual administration of the office of a Justice of the Peace, and for the more effectual prevention of Felonies, within the district of Dublin Metropolis; be now read :—And the fame being read;

Befulved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 33d year of His present Majesty, for the support of the honour and dignity of His Majesty’s Crown in Ireland, and for granting to His Majesty a Civil List Establillunent, under certain pro-. VOL. Co.

visions and regulations; might he read :—And the fame being read;

Befolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as relates to the accounting for Secret Service Money.

Mr. Slurges Bourne presented to the House, according Loyalty Loan to Order, a Bill to enable the Commissioners of the Trea- ^'6^ fury to contract with certain Proprietors of Stock created

by two Acts, pafl’ed in the 37th and 42d years of His present Majesty, for granting other Annuities in lieu thereof, or to pay the same off at the period therein mentioned: And the fame was received; and read the firli time.

Bejalved, That the Bill be read a second time. -j

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Mr. Slurges Bourne presented to the House, according Crinan

to Order, a Bill for authorizing the Lords Commissioners Cai'" of H is Majesty’s Treasury to advance a certain sum of F Money, to be applied in completing the Crinan Canal:

And the fame was received; and read the firli time,

Bef tlved. That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander presented to the House, according to irirti Order, a Bill for defraying the charge of the Pay and Mg*ia Pa^ Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts presented. Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, for offences committed during the time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander presented to the House, according to Militia Pay Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Bill, Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain, for the year pre ente ’

1805: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander presented to the House, according to Su^j!t^as Order, a Bill for making Allowances in certain cases to bul* Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain while presented. disembodied: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill he read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill he read a second time Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander presented to the House, according to Militia Order, a Bill to revive, and further continue and amend, so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th year of presented*.

His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill he read a second time Tommorrow.

Mr. Orm/hy presented to the House, according to Ireland—

Order, a Bill to provide more effectually for securing the coUefikm'6* collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and Bill, on Paper printed or stained in Ireland, to serve for Hang- presented. ings or other uses: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To -morrow.

4 U,

350 6°

Committee oa Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to the^Harbrnir re h'e itself into a Committee of the whole House, to of Howth. eonfuler of improving the Harbour on the North fide of the Hill of Hoioth, near Dublin, and rendering it a fit station for His Majesty’s Packets; be now read :—And the fame being read j Inmate, Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of im-

ferrea. proving the Harbour of near Dublin, be referred

to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ireland— Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Cofieaiontie$ Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to re-BiiJ, reported, gulate the collection of the Duties on Fire Hearths, on Dwelling Houses according to the number of Windows, on Coaches and other Carriages, on Male Servants, on Horses, and on Dogs, in Ireland, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House WmeDuties re^ve hself into a Committee of the whole House, Bill. upon the Bill for charging the like Duties and allowing the like Drawbacks of Customs-, on Spanish Red Wine imported into and exported from Great Britain, as are now charged and allowed on French Wine imported and exported; be now read :—And the fame being read ;— the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Committee Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to on Act, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, to rCo«mn|the consider of an Act, made in the 31ft year of His present Trade. Majesty, for the better regulation and government of Seamen employed in the Coasting Trade of this Kingdom; be now read:—And the fame being read; the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the 31ft year of His present Majesty, for the better regulation and government of Seamen employed in the Coasting Trade.

And Mr. Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Bill ord:red. Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the 3rd year of His present Majesty, for the better regulation and government of

mix. A. 1805.

Seamen employed in the Coasting Trade: And that Mr.

Alexander, Mr. Rose, Sir Matthew White Ridley, and Mr.

Bnrdon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee Committee of the whole House, to ednfider of the Report ^urive^ which, upon Thursday last, was made from the Com- bringing mittee appointed to enquire how far it may be expe- Coaisto dient to allow Coals, to a limited extent, to be brought by to London by the Grand JunSionand Paddington Canals, upon Payment of the fame Rates and Duties to which Coals brought coastwise into the Port of London are now liable; and to report the fame, as it should appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,—A fur- Report

ther Report of the proceedings of the Commissioners for

making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Bridge*

Scotland. in Scotland

ordered.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon xas!°r3j*a-the Bill to amend two Acts, of the 13th and 44th years ing Criminal of His present Majesty, for the more effectual execution Laws* of the Criminal Laws, and more easy apprehending and bringing to trial Offenders escaping from one part of the United Kingdom to the other, and from one County to another; be now read:—And the fame being read;— the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed tha Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Popharn and The Lord* Mr. Harvey: aSreei1

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Leicesteruri for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from the Borough of to the Town of

Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Welford for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from Welford Bridge, in the County Of Northampton to Milflon Lane, in the Town of Leicester', without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, The Lord* That the Lords do desire that this House will give leave ^Member* to Sir James Stewart, Baronet, and the Right honourable to be Sir John Stewart, Baronet, Members of this House, to attend their Lordships on Monday next, in order to their commir«e* being examined as witnesses before the Committee of the whole House, appointed to consider the Motion made for an Address to be presented to His Majesty, relative to t he conduct of Luke Fox, Esquire, one of His Majesty’s Juliices of the Court of Common Pleas in Ireland, in the course of the North-weft Circuit of Ireland in the summer of the year 1803, and also to enquire into the facts alledged in the said Motion; and to whom the Petition of John Hart, of Ballymagard, in the liberties of the City of Londonderry, Esquire; also, the Petition of William Armjtrong, John Fail Jet, Noble Weir, James Frith, Patrick Dundas, Hugh D John Fiddis, William Graydon, George Sprout, John Cooke, George Moore,

and James Moore, all of the County of Fermanagh; and also, the Petition of Gerrard Irvine, Esquire, of -Jielcf, in the County of Fermanagh, the late High Sheriff 2 of

i1 House 11 {'end an ilwer.

II for the ■evention of ouggling*

■toed*

ill to amend Laws lating to raxes, >mmitted.

Further

'ondderation f Report on vd, respect-ig the South-m Whale Fishery, deterred.

Mnmittee Bill to itinue

iihFees,&c. ommission-<» Ad,

Report on tertain Sxpirmj lawk

45 Geo. III. 6° Juni35l

of that County; severally complaining of the said Luke Fox, Esquire; are referred.

And then the Messengers withdrew,

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer to that part of the said Message, which relates to the said Sir James Stewart and Sir John Stewart, by M/fl'engers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewithAnd then they again withdrew.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual prevention of Smuggling, was re-committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Wednesday nest.

A Bill to amend the several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the 38th year of His present Majesty, for the further encouraging the Southern Whale Fisheries;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are or have been lately received in the several Public Offices in Ireland therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the fame, and into the present mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for Public Money in Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Acts mentioned in the Resolutions which, upon the 27 th day of May last, were reported from the Committee on Temporary Laws.of a public and general nature—and who were instructed to report their opinion, from time to time, to the House, which of the said Laws are lit to be revived, continued, or made perpetual; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 33d year of his late Majesty King George the Second, to continue an Act, made in the 12th year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the better encouragement of the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, which was to continue in force until the 29th day of September 1767, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by three Acts, made in the 8th, 14th, and 22d years of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 29th day of September 1788, and from thence to the end of the then Vol. 60.

next Session of Parliament; and by an Act, made in the 29th year of His present Majesty, was amended and further continued until the 29th day of September 1795, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; and by twro other Acts, made in the 36th and in the 39th and 40th years of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 29th day of September 1S04, from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 9th year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British Sail Cloth, and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom, which \ftis to continue in force from the 24th day of June 1736, for the term of five years, and from thence to the encl of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the 13 th, 24 th, and 31ft years of his said Majesty’s reign, and the 4th, 12th, 18th, and 26th years of His present Majesty’s reign, was further continued until the 29th day of September 1792, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; and by another Act, made in the 33d year of' His present Majesty, was amended and further continued until the 29th day of September 1795, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was, by two other Acts, made in the 36th and in the 39th and 40th years of His present Majesty, further continued until the 29th day of September 1804* and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament •, is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commi ttee. That an Act, made in the 19th year of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on Foreign-made Sail Cloth imported into this Kingdom, and for charging all Foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and for explaining a doubt concerning Ships being obliged, at their first setting out to Sea, to be furnished with one complete set of Sails, made of British Sail Cloth, which was to continue in force from the 24th: day of June 1746, for the term of seven years, and from, thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the 26th and 32d years of his said late Majesty, and of the 6th, 14th, 22d, 29th, 36th, and 39th and 40th years of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 29th day of September 1804, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual; with Amendments.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, to permit the exportation, for two years, of a certain quantity of Com, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Pulse, to the Islands of GuemJ'ey, Jersey, and Alderney, from other Ports in England, as well as the Port of Southampton, under certain restrictions; is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

R(solved, Tha.t it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the ioth year of His present Majesty, as relates to regulating the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, and of the Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America; which was to be in force from the 1 ft day of August 1770, for the term of two years, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by four Acts, made in the 12th, 14th, 19th, and 23d years of His present Majesty, was further continued until the ift day of August 1786, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; and also so much of an Act, made in the 16th year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, in the Island of Newfoundland, which was to continue in force so long as the said Act of the ioth of His present Majesty, and which were revived and continued by two Acts of the 34th and 39th and 40th years of His present Majesty, until the 9th day of May 1804, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be made perpetual.

Refoked, ThaX it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

an

Briningham Inclosure Bill, reported.

Franibam, See, Inclosure Bill, reported.

G'—Tjunii. A. 1805.

an Act, made in the 44th year of Ills present Majesty, Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had for permitting, until the 5th day of May 1805, the im- complied with; and that the Committee had exa-

portation of Hides, Calf Skins, Horns, Tallow, and Wool m ined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame

(except Cotton Wool) in Foreign Ships, on payment of the like Duties, as if imported in or Irijk Ships;

is expired, and fit to be'revived and continued.

Resolved, That it istheOpinion of this Committee, That an Act marie in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for Continuing until the ift day of July 1804, an Act passed in the 42d year of His present Majesty, for regulating, until the 15th day of Fcbuary 1803, the prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flonr, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland.-, and also an Act made in the 44th year of His present Majesty, for continuing the said Act, and for permitting the exportation of Seed Corii from Great Britain to Ireland, and the importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland, and which was further continued, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, until the ift day of July 1805; is near expiring, and fit to he continued.

Befolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That To much of an A&> made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, as relates to the admission to entry of Oil or Blubber of Fish, or creatures living in the Sea, actually caught and taken on the banks and shores of the Island of tand, and parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty’s subjects carrying on the said Fishery from the said island, and residing therein, on payment of the Duty by the said Act imposed on Train Oil, or Blubber of Newfoundland, Of British Filling; which was to continue in force until the 25th day of December 1804, and which was, by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, continued until the 25th day of December 1805; is near expiring, and fit to he continued.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,- agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alexander, Air.

Air. Sturges Bourne, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Veneris, 7° die Junii;

Anno 45°Georgii IU"1 Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

SIR Jacob Henry AJllcy reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Pari Hies of Briningham, Study, and Brintou, in the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that, the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent-to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir Jacob Henry Aflley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of ' Great Franfham, Little Fransham, and North Pickenham,

hi the County of Norfolk, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing

to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; (except the Proprietor of an Estate assessed to the Land Tax at £. 3. 105. who refused to sign the Bill, and also, the Proprietors of Estates assessed at £. 116. 5 s. who were neuter; and that the whole property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed at £. 1,525. io.v. per annum-, and that 110 Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the Floufe; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a l’econd time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Jacob Henry Afley reported from the Committee, Scoulton to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of ^ported,2^ Scoulton, in the County of Norfolk, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied.with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; (except the Proprietors of Estates assessed to the poor’s rate at £. 15. iov. per annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole property belonging to persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed at £. 763 per annum; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill for in- ia

closing Lands in the Manor of Hampin the in^/iir«Bity County of Warwick, be now read the third time; paded.

Mr. Long, by I lis Majesty’s command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the purport of the livid Bill, gives His consent, as far as His Majesty’s interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the third time.

Refotccd, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hampton-in Arden, in the County of Warwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Ef court do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Byers green and Old Park, in the County of , instore Bill,

was read the third time. paired.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Byers-green and Old Park, in the County of Durham.

Ordered, That Air. Bur don do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Petition of several Ship Owners of North and South Shields and neighbourhood, was presented to the House, to and read; setting forth. That the greatest quantity of Coal* Shipping employed in the Coal Trade from the River c Tyne to London belongs to the Towns above-mentioned; Navigation* and that the Petitioners, from the depressed state of the

Shipping

45 Geo. IIL 7° J'unit.353

Shipping interest in general, have lately memorialized the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade, respecting the too liberal employment given of late to Foreigners, to the prejudice of the Petitioners and others* who have embarked their Capitals in Shipping; but they are not less alarmed by perceiving an intention to introduce Coals into the Metropolis by means of Inland Navigation, a measure fraught with the greatest evils: And therefore praying, That the House will not pass into a Law any Bill that may be brought in for introducing Coals into the Capital by means of Inland Navigation.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Petition from A Petition of the Freeholders of the County of

ampfon, convened by the Sheriff at Winchester on Thurs-TMb Report day the 16th day of May 1805, was prefonted to the on Naval House, and read; felting forth, That the Votes of the

Iwjuiiy. House on the 8th and 10th days of April lad, founded

upon the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, deserve the gratitude and confidence of the Petitioners, and of the whole Country: And the Petitioners request the House to proreed, in the spirit of those Votes, in their future invefi’gation of the flagrant alnifos brought to light by the Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry ;• and that to the Commons in Parliament the Petitioners look up with a confident hope and just expectation, that they will not only not relax in their enquiries into all Abufos and culpable Irregularities in the Management and Expenditure of Public Money, but that they will also take especial care that the very heavy Taxes levied upon the People, and hitherto cheerfully contributed by them, iLall be wifely and frugally expended.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

i-dc

The Lord* havt agreed t#

Ireland— Sump Dutiil Bill.

Ireland—

Excite Licences Bill.

Grand Junction Canal Company"! Bill.

Markfield and Whitvick Road Kill.

Berwick Roads BUI.

Tht Lords have pulled

Dean and Chapter of Canterbury’s Ware Bill,

Cornell's Nat Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harvey and Mr. Stanley:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Stamp Duties, for amending the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties, and for indemnifying Persons who have acted as Notaries Public, without being duly licensed, in Ireland-, without any Amendment: And also.

The I.x>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better regulation of Licences to persons in Ireland dealing in Exciseable Commodities, and engaged in the several occupations therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging the powers of certain Acts, for making and maintaining the Grand Junction Canal; without any Amendment: And also. The I^ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts, passed in the thirtieth year of his late Majeli v, and in the twenty-third year of llis present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Markfidd Turnpike to the Road leading from

Loughborough to Ashby-de-la-Zouchin the County of

Leicester ;without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an Act, made in the twenty-seventh year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road h acting from upon Tiveed, by Argon Bridge, to Dunglas Bridge, and also the Roads from Billie Caafeveay, and Preston Bridge, to join the said Road at or near Cockburnfpath Tou er, in the County of Berwick; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, to grant a building Lease of certain Lands in the County of Surrey, for the term of ninety-nine years, to Williarh Clulton and Jlobert Boxall, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that purpose; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Henry Borrell; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

Vol. 6o.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Brnnc’* naturalizing John Henry Brune-, to which the Lords Nlt'ai11-desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Lord John Tiynne reported from the Committee, to.Barb, fee. whom the Bill for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts in the City of Bath, and the Liberties thereof, the Parish of Waleot, and the several Parishes and Places in the Hundreds of B anti Welloiv, and the Liberties of Hampton and Claverlon, and Easton and Amorill, in the County of Somerset, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills for the more easy recovery of Small Debts, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place •, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Lascelles reported from the Committee, to ThreMrU whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township of Il)elolur*li'’^ Threjhfield and Skirethnn*,’ and BurnJdl, in the Weft Rifling of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties ebneerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee-, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by’one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Denlfon presented to the House, according to Lewi and Order, a Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed in the ift and 22(1 years presented. of llis present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Whiteerofi, in the Parish of I seen in Iloldernefi, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Beverley, in the said County: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Jtcfolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Hamlets Rybiii, &c. or Town ill ips of Byhill and Camerton, in the East Riding ^c;^ure of the County of Yordi; and for making compensation *>^c ' for the Tythes thereof, and also for the Tythes of the antient inclosed Lands within the said Townships or Hamlets; was read the third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 43. 1. 5. To leave out from " And" to " And," in line 31.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships or Hamlets of Byhill and Camerton, in the East Riding of the County^ of York-, and for making compensation for the Tythes thereof, and also for the Tythes of the antient inclosed Lands within the said Townships or Hamlets.

Ordered, That Mr. Johnjfone do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

4 X A Motion

7°

A. 180J.

Report Of

Leicester and Northampton Canal Kiil, further considered.

jumi.

A Motion being made, That the Report which, upon mitting the Exportation of a certain quantity of Com the 30th day of May last, was made from the Committee, and Grain to , Jersey, and Alderney; and for re-

to whpm the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors gulating the Fees of Officers oi the Cuistoms, and of of the Eeieef erf lire and Northamptonshire Union Canal, Naval Officers in the British Colonies in , and

to vary the Line of the said Canal, and to alter and amend of the Officers of the Customs in Newfoundland: And the powers of the Ad patfed for making the said Canal, the fame was received; and read the first time, was re-committed; and which was then ordered to lie RefThat the Bill be read a second time, upon the Table; be now taken into further consideration; 1 Or, That the said Bill be read a second time And the House being informed, that printed Copies . upon Monday next, of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were

delivered at the door, to the Members of this House, Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Expiring upon Friday last; pursuant to the Standing Order of a Bill for continuing several Laws relating to the regu- .

U /-lit tV. At tUn h4n AT \ '■ air T ^TA A lnim a a 4* Cirhi Ah l' A»^n A Vv a Amr fi'li

Bo’Tf'r? N;:r. Bill, read.

Bnlhe's Nat. ijitlj lead*.

Committee on

Report of London Port Improvement Petition.

Castleton Courts Baron Bill, pal Ted.

I -<pinnj L iws

(yrr; etna1.) p.Myi.ted.

the House of the 7th day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further consideration.

The Iloideaccordingly, proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration :—And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ibgrofled.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Henry Borrell, was read the first time; "

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Henry Brune, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to rc-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-fuler further of the Report which, upon the 30th day of May last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, jn Common Council assembled, was referred; be now read :—And the fame being read; —the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

M r. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That tlicy had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

A Motion being made, That the ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in tire 33d year of his late Majesty, for regulating the Proceedings in personal Actions in the respective Courts Baron of the Hundred of JJigh Beak and Manor of Caff let on, in the County of Derby, and for extending the powers of the said Courts; be now read the third time;

The Lord Gh nbervie, by I li^ Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the purport of t lie laid Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

' Then the said Bill was read the third time.

Rif lived, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 33d year of his kite Majesty, for regulating the Proceedings in personal Actions in the respective Courts Baron of the Hundred of High Beak and Manor of in. the County of Derby, and for extending the powers of the said Courts.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the 'Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making perpetual, and amending, several Laws for encouraging the making of Sail Cloth" in Great Britain, and fectiring the Duties on Foreign Sail Cloth imported; and for making perpet ual several Laws for per-

lating the prices at which Corn arid Grain may be ex- Bill, ported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland Presente<l‘ to Great Britain; and to the admission to entry t>f Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland, taken by His Majesty’s Subjects carrying on the Fishery from, and residing in, the said Island; and for reviving and continuing an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for permitting the Importation of Hides and-other articles in foreign Ships:

And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Resolved, That this House will, at the riling of the Adjournment. House this day, adjonrn till Monday next.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for Committeeon rnclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Can ford, in the inciomre Bill, County of Dorset, and in the Town and County of the to ilt.not-Town of Boole-, is committed; have leave to fit, notwithstanding any adjournment of the House. journmen

Mr. William Baker reported from the Committee, to Lee Na»i-w'hom the Bill for the better preservation, and further improvement, of the Navigation of the River Lee, in the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands in the Parishes of Enfield, Edmonton, Tottenham, Walthamffozv, and Hackney, in the

Counties of Middlesex and Essex, and of Mills litnate on the River Lee; and also, the Petition of several Trustees appointed to put in execution certain Acts, made for building a Bridge over the River Lee, at or near a place called Jeremy s Ferry, and for making and repairing Roads from thence into the great Roads at Snare'fbrooke in the County of Essex, and at Clapton in the County of Middlesex-, were.severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, in conseqiience of which the Bill, as amended, does not come within the Standing Orders of the House relative to Navigation Bills; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill, with, the Amendments, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Serjeant Befi presented to the House, according Bill respeainj to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 4th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for prevent- p, Yvikgeof " ing inconveniences arising in cases of Merchants, and Parliament,

" such other Persons as are within the description of the rrelente

" Statutes relating to Bankrupts, being entitled to Privi-" lege of Parliament and becoming insolvent; and to prevent delay in the entering Appearances in Actions " brought against persons having Privilege of Parliament —And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upoa Thursday next.

4 Mr.

45 Geo. III.

7°

J4 •

unit.

355

vto amend he P"or

pdf

ted*

tccounfs prdented:

ams received )r Droirs of

LduiirJty.

tira Sticks.

rhe lords

lave passed

Lori Radnor's EiUte Bill.

Bill read.

'rrcfnon-

dence

%iVing the 'rand Canal r Ireland, ideated.

-port of

other

W to

ord?’

cllage

peeing

'incent.

Mr. Eftconrt, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 9th year of King George the First, for amending the Laws relating to the settlement, Employment, and relief of the Poor, was re-committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, ,in at the Clerk’s Taide: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a ferond time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Mr. Dichinfon, junior, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders:

An Account of sums received by the sale of Droits of Admiralty, from the 1 ft of January 1793 to 5th April 1805; and of the application of the said sums; distinguishing the payments made to persons concerned in the capture of Ships or Goods adjudged to be Droits of Admiralty, from the payments made under other heads: And also,

An Account of the number of Riga Sticks, of twenty-two inches and upwards, for making topmasts for Ships of til'll and second Rates and Seventy-tours, which were inftore in His Majesty’s Dock Yards, from 25th March 1785 to 25U1 March 1805; distinguishing each year.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table. The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Sethon.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harvey and Mr. Stanley:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for effectuating an exchange between the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars of the University of Oxford, and the Right honourable Jacob Earl of Radnor; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

The House being informed, that Mr. from the Office of the Chief Secretary for Ireland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and at the Bar presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of all Correspondence between the Directors General of Inland Navigation in Ireland, and the Directors of the Grand Canal and Royal Canal Companies of Ireland, since the 31st of October 1803; together with all Accounts and Statements inclosed, or accompanying the fame.

And then he withdrew:—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Committee appointed to enquire into the Tolls on the Grand Canal of Ireland, and what measures have been adopted, or may he adopted, for their rednft ion.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir John Si ere art reported from the Committee, to whom the Report was re-committed, which was made from the Committee, to whom it was referred to draw up an Answer to be given to that part of the Message from the Lords of the 24th day of May lad, which relates to the Earl St. Vincent -, That the Committee had drawn up another Answer, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Commons having received a Message from your Lordships, wherein your Lordships did acquaint them, that your Lordships desire to be informed upon what

grounds, and for what purposes, the Commons desire the Lords to give leave to the Earl St. Vincent to go to the Select Committee oft lie House of Commons, to whom the several Papers presented to that House, relating to the Repairs of His Majesty’s thips the Romney and Sen-Jihle, while under the command of Sir Home are

referred; to examine into the several matters contained therein relative to the said Repairs, and to the proceed-, ings of the Admiralty and Navy Boards, and of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, thereupon; and also, to enquire into the circtimstances attending the pnbbca-tion of the Report of the Navy Board, dated 20th February 1804, and into the loss of certain Vouchers and Documents on which that Report was framed; and also, into the circumstances attending the impressing rtf Mr.

David Erven Bartholomewand to report the fame, together with their Observations thereupon, to the House;

and who were empowered to examine into the Expenditure and Purchase of all Stores for the use of the said Ships, in order to be examined at the said Select Committee;

The Commons have commanded us to acquaint your Lordships, That the grounds upon which the said Select; Committee did defne your Lordships to give leave to the Earl St. Vincento attend the said Committee, were, the

Proceedings of the Admiralty Board relative to the conduct of Sir Home Popi/am, with reipett to tue Bepaws of the Romney and Senjiblewhile under his command; and the circumstances attending the publication of die Report of the Navy Board, dated the 10th of February 1804; and the circuiidtances attending the impressing' of Mr. David Erven Bartholomew;—and that the pun.ole for which the said Select. Committee did desire your ff-oid-thips to give leave to the Earl St. Vincent to attend the said Committee, was, that they might examine the said Earl, as a witness, respecting the Orders given by the Admiralty to the Navy Board, to enquire into the Fx-penees of the Romny <md Senjible while under the command of Sir Home Popham.

The said Answer being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Stervart do cariy the said Answer to the Lords.

The House proceeded to take into consideration, that Leave ^ivrn part of the Message from the Lords ofyefterday, wherein their Lordships desire, that certain Members of this atWmUt0 House may attend the Committee of the Lords, referred Committee of to in their Lordships said Message. the Lords'

And that part of the said Message was read.

And Sir James Stervart, Baronet, and the Right honour-

able Sir John Stewart, Baronet, being present, they severally stood up in their places, and declared that they were willing, with the leave of the House, to go to the House of Lords, as is desired by their Lordships in the said Message.

Resolved, That Sir James Stewart, Baronet, and the.

Right honourable Sir John Stewart, Baronet, have leave to go to the Lords, as is desire-d by their Lordships in their said Message, if they think fit.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them, that this House hath given leave to Sir James Stewart, Baronet, and the Right honourable Sir John Stewart, Baronet, to go to the House of Lords, as

is deli red by their Lordships in their Message of yesterday, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas Vanfttart do carry the said Message.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Morion for That there be laid before this House, a Copy, of the Pro-cecdings of the Court Martial on Sir John Thomas - sir;. r. worth; also a Copy of the Memorial of Captain Wood to the Lords of the Admiralty; and also, the Opinions Counsel on a case stated by Captain Wood;—It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Bill to amc nd Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to

amend e ‘

j

Criminal

JUws,

reported.

Fuitlier Papers relatin'; to Army, ordered.

Or l?r for Hctnrn of

<\Uu.lines on foreign Stations, dilcbuic^eii.

Bill for vexing K^ates in the Barrack Matter General, ordered.

356

7° Junil.

A. 1805.

amend two Acts, of the 13th and 44th years of IIis present Majesty, for the more effectual execution of the Criminal Caws, and more easy apprehending and bringing to Trial Offenders escaping from one part of the United Kingdom to the other, and from one County to another; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, oiie by one; and, upon the Question fe-vCrally put thereupon,1 were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time ? upon Monday next.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon ]Y:dav lad. That then - he laid before this House, a Return oi’Casualties on the foreign Stations during the last four months, for which any Returns have been received at the Adjutant G.-neral’s office; might be read :—And the ■fame being read;

Ordered, That- the said Order be discharged.

Ordered,'T\xs& leave be given to bring in a Bill to Militia empower His Majesty to retain upon Full Pay and -pfikws Allowances Officers of the Militia during the War, not- ordered!’ withstanding the reduction: And that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Hujldjjon, and Mr. Charles Hope, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the t)ay, for taking into Report

further consideration the Report which was made from

— — 1 - - Atholl’t

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Re--•tnrn of the Casualties that took place in His Majesty’s

regular European Forces (not including those engaged for Huffed service) between the ill of May and the 31st of December 1803, and also between the iff of January ' aiul the 31ft December 1804, as far as the fame can be alccrtai'ned from the Returns which have been received at the Adjutant General’s office; distingnishing from Foreign Troops, and the C-afaalties at home from those which happened abroad; and fpcei lying, opposite to each month, the Foreign Stations from which the Returns are not yet arrived.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Comparative Statement of the increase and decrease (during twelve months) of His Majesty’s Regular Cavalry and Infantry engaged for general service; shewing—fir ft, the total number of Cafuahies abroad during the latest t'.vehc months, for which complete Sets of Returns have been received from the East Indies—secondly, the total

amount of Casualties at home during twelve months, from 1 ft Mav 1804 to ift May 1805—thirdly, the total number of Men added to the Army for general service (exclusive of new levies) between lit May 1804 and iff May 1803—and fourthly, the number of Men added to the Army for general service by new levies, between ift May 1804 and 1 ft May 1805.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the Battalions allotted for the reception of Men to be raised under the Additional Force Act of lull Sef-. lion; thewing the number of Battalions, and their total eftertive strength in Officers and Non-commissioned Officers and private-Men, on ift May 1805; also, an Account of the Anns voted by Parliament for the said

- Battalions, divided under the following separate heads,

- x iz.—tirfr. Pay of Officers—secondly, Charge for cloathing non-commissioned Officers and private Men—thirdly. Agency—-fourtIdv, Annual Allowances to Field Officers and Captains, and for Great Coats—fifthly, Pay and Daily Allowances to non-commissioned Officers and private Men—and, lixthly, the total amount voted for the said. Battalions.

Ordered, ’Chat there be laid before this House, a Statement of the amount of Half-pav and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces on the24thoff une and the 24th ot’December 1804; shewing the diminution which took place in the latter half year.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for vesting in the Barrack Mafier General for the time being Eli ales held or occupied for the Barrack service, and authorizing him to fell the Anne with the con fen t of the Lords Commidinners of IJis Majesty’s Treasury: And that Mr. Ilnjlc\i;hn, Mr. Secretary at War, and Air.

Starves Bourne, do prepare, and bring in, t lie fame.

the Committee, upon the Petition of the Duke of Alholl, petition! and other matters relating to the Isle of Man, be now further’ read:—And the fame being read; confident.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Report be now taken into further consideration;

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Aloft noble John Duke of Atholl, which was prefeuted to the House upon the 8th day of February 1780; might be read :—And the fame being read;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the word " now," and at the end of the Question to add the words " upon this day three " months."

, And the Question being put. That the word " now" stand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yea J

I Sir ft Burroughs: )

Tellers for the Nocs,

S Mr. Cuncen,

} 48.

Y The Earl Temple:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken int® further consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

A Alotion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, re-iblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report; '

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the words " Wednesday next," and insert the words " Monday ftwennight the 17th day of this " instant June," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the words " Wed-" neftlay next," stand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rj-» I, c , -v (Mr. Alexander, 7

Tellers for the A eas,^ ^,jr Wallace: \ 41-

Tellers for the Noes,f yjr‘ Moore,

t Mr. Joinistone:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative..

Then the main Question beimr put;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

r-rt:

*.■ £3

14.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Galway writ, the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Galway, in the room of Denis Bowes Daly, Esquire; who, since his Election for the said down, hath accepted the Office of Escheator of Munjler.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account*

Account of the amount of the Revenue of the Isle of Rfvenueof

Man, received by Mr. George Watts and Mr. Ordered.

Scott, respectively; and the Payments they may have made out of the fame, and of the Balances thereof remaining in their Hands; with the reasons why they have not paid the said Balances into the Exchequer.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Spanish Wl°* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ’

charging

45 Geo. III.

7° Junii.

357

Universes Advowsons Bill, deterred

charging the like Duties, and allowing the like Drawbacks of Customs, on Spanish Red Wine imported into and exported from Great Britain, as are now charged and allow ed on French Wine imported and exported; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the I louie; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Tuesday next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill Rom the Lords, intituled, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the ninth year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to rest rain the disposition of Lands, " whereby the fame become unalienable," as rellrains Colleges within the two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge from purchasing or holding Advowsons, except as therein is provided;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Wednesday next.

A Bill for authorizing the Lords Commissioners of His Crinan Majesty’s Treasury to advance a certain sum of Money, to be applied in completing the Crinan Canal; was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the day being read, for the second read- irish MiUti* ing of the Bill for defraying the charge of the Pay and Pl,'» Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland-, for holding Courts eerre * Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the time such Militialhall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during peace;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

The Order of the day being read, for the second read- Militia ing of the Bill for defraying the charge of the Pay and Pay Bill, Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain, for the year deferred* 1805;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Wars and Mean?, deterred.

Hie of Man Trade Bill, itterred.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to The Order of the day being read, for the second read- Militia resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ing of the Bill for making Allow ances in certain cases to Subaltern* consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sup- Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while ’deferred* ply granted to His Majesty; disembodied;

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Monday next. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time resolve itself into the said Committee. upon Monday next.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to The Order of the day being read, for the second read- Militia resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ing of the Bill to revive, and further continue and amend,

Supply,

ifterrtd.

Dublin olice Bill, tfcrred.

'eland— •mm it ree a Act Ring to

r«r tervice

oney,

erred.

the Bill for regulating and encouraging the Trade, for the improvement of the Revenue, and prevention of Smuggling to and from the Isle of Man;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual administration of the office of a Justice of the Peace, and for the more effectual prevention of Felonies, within the District of Dublin Metropolis;

Refolivd, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cou-lideroffo much of an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 33d year of His present Majesty, for the support of the honour and dignity of Ills Majesty’s Crown in Ireland, and for granting to His Majesty, a Civil List Establiilmient, under certain provisions and regulations, as relates to the accounting for Secret Service Money;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

so much of an Act, made in the 39th. and 40th year of deferred! His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament j

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Ireland— Paper Duties Collection Bill, committed.

A Bill to provide more effectually for securing the collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and on Paper printed or stained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings or other uses; was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. -

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred ""proving to consider of improving the Harbour on the North fide of Howth°Uf of the Hill of Iloicth, near Dublin, and rendering it a fit Ration for His Majesty’s Packets; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame w as read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Ten thousand pounds Irish currency, be advanced out of the Consolidated Fund of

ilty Lean deferred.

land, towards the improvement of the Harbour of Hoxoth, The Order of the day being read, for the second read- near Dublin, and rendering it a fit Station for His Ma-ing of the Bill to enable the Commissioners of the 1 rea- jolty s Packets.

fury to contract with certain Proprietors of Stock created. The said Resolution being read a second time, was, by two Acts, pafl’ed in the 37th and 42d years of His upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the present Majesty, for granting other Annuities in lieu House.

thereof, or to pay the lame off at the period therein Ordered, That a Bill be brought m, upon the said mentioned Resolution: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. and

Ordered That the said Bill be read a second time Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, do prepare, and bring in, the upon Monday next. fame.

VOL 60/ 4Y ifr'

358

7'

■10° Junli.

A. 1805.

Report on Report relative Jo bringing Coats to London by Canals.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which, upon the 30th day of May lad, was made from the Committee appointed to enquire how far it may be expedient to allow Coals to a limited extent to he brought to London by the Grand Junction and Paddington Canals, upon payment of the fame Rates and Duties to which Coals brought coaihvife into the Port of London are now liable, and to report the lame, as it should appear to them, to the House; the Refokition which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Befolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a quantity of Coals, not exceeding Fifty thousand tons, be permitted to be brought by the Grand Junction and Paddington Canal to London, upon payment of the like Duties per ton as are payable upon Coals imported coast-wife into the Port of London.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, Upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill he brought in, upon the said Resolution; And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Praed, Mr.

Sturges Bourne, and Mr. Hujkiff do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sill to amend Laws relating to Taxes, deferred*

The Order of the day being read, for the House to rc-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

the Bill to amend the several Laws relating to the Duties

management

of the Commissioners for the

under the Affairs of Taxes;

Befolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve, itself into the said Committee.

Further Comideration of Report respe<5Hng Southern Whale Fisherv, deferrett.

for taking into

The Order of the day being read, further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the 38th year of His present Majesty, for the further encouraging the Southern Whale Filli-eries;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Tuesday next.

Man received by William Scott, Receiver General, from the’time of his appointment to 5th January 1804; the payments made out of the fame, the Balances thereof remaining in his hands, with the reasons why the fame have not been paid into the Exchequer.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Papers be printed, for the Members of the I louse.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House having continued to fit till a Quarter of an Hour after Three of the clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the clock.

Lunce, 10° die Junii

Anno 450 Georgii IIPU Regis, 1805.

passed.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes Franikrm, Stc.

of Great Fransham, Little and North inciofurtBiii,

Pickenham, in the County of Norfolk-, was read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parities of Great Fr'anfham, little Fransham, and North Pickenham, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Jacob Henri) do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Scoufoa

Scoullon, in the County of Norfolk; was read the third

time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Scoulton, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Jacob Henry Afley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

to?

Lotteries Bill, Mr, Ilujkiffbn presented to the House, according to'

presented. Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Bill to continue Irilk Fees, &c. Commissioners Act, reported.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are or have been lately received in the several Public Offices in Ireland therein mentioned, to examine into any almfes which may cxift in the fame, and into the present mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for Public Money jin Ireland, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; amt afterwards delivered the Bill with flic Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

Accounts of Mr. HnfiyTon presented to the House, pursuant to Revenue of fjieir Order,

pre/tjaeit."1’ An Account of the amount of the Revenue of the Isle of Man received by George Watts, Esquire, late Receiver General, and of the payments made out of the fame, between the time of his taking upon himself the said office in the year 17S6 and the time of his quitting the fame in the year 1799: And also,

A Return of the amount of the Revenue of the of

An ingrafted Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Brinmgfaa Briningham, Stody, and Brinton, in the County of Norfolk; was read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Briningham, Stody, and Brinton, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Sir Jacob Henry Ajtley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for the better prefen ation and fur- Lee Xarig*-ther improvement of the Navigation of the River I we, in no" the Counties of Hertford, Esex, and read p

the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the.Title be.

An Act for the better preservation and further improvement of the Navigation of the River Lee, in the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Middlefe.r.

Ordered, That Mr. William Baker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Baldwin presented to the I louse, according to cherry Orton Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands lying in the Parishes of Cherry Orton, otherwise Overton Watervile, and Alicalton, p^tmed. in the County of Huntingdon: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Kote'» for authorizing the Trustees named in the will of Jane Catherine Keate, widow, to fell the Messuages and Tenements in Spitul Fields, in the County of Middlesex, thereby devised, and for involting the cleaT Purchase Monies, under the direction of the High Court of Chancery, in other Estate«, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same uses; and also for authorizing the granting of 7 building

A5 Geo. III.

10° Jll

359

repairing

Leases until Talc: was read a

ton and hapter of

nterbury *s

ate Bill, id.

oinerfonl rvnes, &c. clolurtf Bill,

ticnud.

Petitions a-; unit London

aniion'sBiJl.

building and second time.

Retidved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Witberfnrec, Ike.: Ami they are to meet this After-

noon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of to

grant a Building Lealc of certain Lands in the County of Surrey, for the term of ninety-nine years, to William Chilton and Robert Boxall, pursuant to an agreement entered into for that purpose; was read the fnTt time.

Rijblvcd, That the Bill he read a second time.

Mr. PenruddockeWyndham presented to the House,

according to Order, a Bill for inclosing Lands in the Pari 111 of Some rford Keynes, in the County of Wilts: And

the fame was received; and read the fit'll time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

A Petition of several of the Directors. and Proprietors of the London Dock Company: And also,

A Petition of several Merchants, Sugar Refiners, To-bacconilis. Wine Merchants, Grocers, and other Traders, carrying on business in the City of Ixondon, and parts adjacent;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making " Wet Docks, Basons, Cats, and other Works, <c for the greater accommodation and security " of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within " the Port of Londonas directs that Compcn-fation shall be made to the Governors of JLofpifal, and to the free Carmen of the City of London, for the damage such Carmen may fuliain by making the said Docks; and for granting to them the exclusive right of carting for hire from the said Docks and other works; and setting forth, That, if the fame were passed into a Law,

virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed determined by the Parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the sale of com*

" petent parts of the real Estates of the Right honour*

" aide John Lari of Ormonde, and the Honourable Waller " Butler, commonly called Lord Viscount his

" eldell son and heir apparent, for the payment of debts,

" charges, and incumbrances aft'ceting the fume, and for " settling such part and parts thereof as ilia.ll not be fold " for the purposes aforesaid, and for other purposes;" was read a second time.

- Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Newport, Mr. Alexander, kc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for paving, and otherwise improving, the streets Scarbrough and other places in the Township of Scarbrough, in the Pagjr\f’ North Riding of the County of York-, and for licensing committed. Hackney Coaches, and elhiblishing other regulations in the said Township; was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Phipps, Lord Robert Manners, k: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township Threefold of Thre/h field and Skirethons, and in the Well incioiurc Bill,

Riding of the County of York-, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Threjh-feld and Skirethons, and Burnfal, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Lafcelles do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. James Graham reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for effectuatingan Exchange between Edmund Wal-

V1 O

ler and James Duore, Esquires; and also, an Exchange between the said Edmund Waller and the Trustees of his settled Estate; and also for vesting part of the settled estate of the said Edmund Waller in Trustees to be sold,

passed.

Waller's Eihte Bill, reported, ancf parted.

it would be productive of great inconvenience and and for laving out the clear surplus of the purchase Mo-

delay in the business of the said Docks, and would be injurious to the trade of the Port of London, and detrimental to the Public in general; and that provision is already made by the said Act for allowing the said free Carmen an adequate compensation for any loss or injury they may sustain by the making of the said Docks: And therefore

nies, under the direction of the Court of Chancery, in other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same uses, and for other purposes; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satis-faction of the Committee; and that the Committee had

praying, That they may be heard, by their counsel, directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any

agents, and witnesses, against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a second time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their counsel, agents.

Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’B Table :—And the said Bill was read the third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. James Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath

and witnesses, against the said Bill, upon their agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Church,

reported,

tfb, &c. Debts >P*lfed.

Lord Francis Ofhorne reported /lorn the Petition for

Committee, to whom the Petition of the Rector, Church- Lewes wardens, and Overseers of the Poor, of the Parish of Saints, in the Town of in the County of Safer,

An ingrossed Bill for the more speedy and easy recovery and of several other Inhabitants of the said Parish; was of Small Debts in the City of Rath, and the liberties referred; That the Committee had examined the matter thereof, the Parish of Watcot, and the several Parishes of the said Petition; and had directed llyn to report the and Places in the Hundreds of Bathfmini and Wei low, fame, as it appeared to them, to the 1 louse; and lie read

and the Liberties of Hampton and Claverion, and Eafon the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in and Amorill, in the County of Somerset-,was read the at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is

third time. as followeth;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,—Mr..

Anion Wilds, being examined, said, That he is a Builder at Ibices; that he has lately seen the Parish Church of All Saints in Laves; that it is in a very had, ruinous.

An Act for the more speedy and easy recovery of Small Debts in the City of Bath, and the Liberties thereof, and in the several Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Lord John Thynne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

and decayed stato; that it has been ihut iqt about 4 years; that the dimensions of it are about -,8 feet lone

of

nrie’s

Bill,

itted.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in new Trustees the real Estates, in Ireland, of the Right honourable Walter Earl of Ormonde and which have not been fold or difooled of, under and determined by la gement VOL. 60.

and 2 f feet wide; that about q-jo persons may be accommodated in it; that there arc about 1,200 Inhabitants or upwards within the Parish; that the Church will not admit of repair with lafety; that he would not undertake to repair and pew it for £. 500, without any

en-

that it is not in a hote to admit of enlar:

at.

Shields Lighthouses Bill, reported.

Member added to bring in Manton inclosure Bill.

Bill,

presented.

JLeicester and Northampton Canal Bill, passed*

360

10° Ju

A. 1805.

■merit, so as to accomodate with feat room the Inhabitants that would go to Church; the walls will not admit to be cut without danger to the whole building; they consist of chalk and flint, and are now 4 feet under ground on the north side, and very damp; that supposing the present Church large enough, which it is not, he should think it mod advisable to pull it down and rebuild it; that the Tower of the Church is in an indifferent state, and wants much repair; that there are above 190 houses in the said Parish; that there are only 57 pews in the Church, including the galleries; and that there are about 50 houses that have pews or fittings in the Church: —Then, Mr. Charles Wille, a Builder at. being examined, said, That he saw the Parish Church of All Saints in Leices on Tuesday last; that it is in a very ruinous and

dangerous state, the wall on the north side being 4 feet under ground; that the Church will accomodate with feat room about 350 people; that he did not know the number of the Inhabitants, as he did not live in the Parish; that he believed there were near 200 houses in the Parish; that the Church was 60 feet long besides the belfry, and 25 feet wide; that he believed the Church would not admit of repair, for if the roof was taken off the walls would fall out, being ten inches out of the perpendicular, and parted in several places; that it would be almost impossible to repair it, and that he would not undertake to do it for £. 500 as it ought to be done; that it was not in a state to admit of enlargement; and believed it could not be so enlarged as to accommodate the inhabitants who would go to Church; that if it was large enough, which it is not, for the Inhabitants, it would be as cheap to rebuild it, as to repair it, under all the circumstances, if the advantage of the Parish was considered; that the' Church has been shut up about 4 years; that the Tower wanted much repair; that the aisles of the Church were of various widths; the north aide being in some parts 3 feet wide, and in other parts only 2 feet; that the pews were irregular and ruinous; that the principal aisle was 5 feet wide at one end and 3 feet at the other; and that no pews could be added for the accommodation of the Inhabitants, in the body of the Church.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for rebuilding the parish Church of All Saints, in the Town of Lewes, in the County of Sujfeand for repairing the Tower thereof: And that L,ord Francis Osborne

and Mr. Henry Shelley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Matter, Pilots, and Seamen of the Trinity House of Newcastle upon Tyne, to erect two new Light Houses at North Shields, at or near the Port of Newcastle, and to raise a fund for defraying the charge thereof; was committed; That the Committee bail examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Quell ion fe-veralfy put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossbd.

Ordered, That Mr. John Fane be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the prayer of the Petition for inclosing Lands in the Lordship of Manton, otherwise Maunton, in the County of Lincoln.

Mr. John Fane presented to the House, according to Order, the said Bill: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Leicejicrshire and Union

Canal to vary the Line of the said Canal, and to alter and amend the powers of the Act passed for making the said Canal; was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Leicestershireand Northamptonshie Union Canal to vary the Line of the said Canal, and to alter and amend the powers of the Act passed for making the said Canal.

Ordered, That Mr. James Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the Newokim powers of an Act, passed in the 23d year of His present RoadBji Majesty, for amending the Road leading from the Paf- C<mTa ‘ sage or Ferry over the River Severn at to

a place called Saint White's, adjoining the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester; was read a second time.

Refblved, That the Bill be committed to Admiral Berkeley, Lord Robert Edward Henry &c.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account*. Account of the Date of the Warrant of Treasury issued ordere<,‘ to be laid before His Majesty, in consequence oif a Mi-nute of Treasury bearing date 29th May 1 Soo, respecting reipcfUng the deficiency of Adam Jcllicoe; and the name of the Person to whom such Warrant was addressed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Balances remaining with the Receiver General of the Excise on the 5th day of January, the 5th day of March, the 5th day of April, the 5th day of June, the 5th day of July, the 5th day of September, the 5th day of October, and the 5th day of December, in each year, from the year 1793, inclusive, to the 5th day of April last; together with an Account of the names of the persons with whom, or in whose custody, the fame have been deposited at the respective periods.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into Further further consideration the Report, which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for supplying the In- camS-twa habitants of the Parish of Saint Giles and w«erw«k«

parts of the Parish of Saint Manj Lambeth, and several Bill'tl£frrnd‘ other parishes and places in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, with Water; was committed; be now read:— And the same being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Wednesday next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the names of the Parties into whose names the Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, funded in the Nary Bi;w years 1794, 1795, and 1796, were respectively written up at the Bank of England, where the sum has exceeded or the sum of £. 20,000 to each name.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, made in i^ws> paired, the 9th year of King George the First, for amending the Laws relating to the settlement, employment, and relief of the Poor; be now read :—And the fame being read;

—the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the ninth year of King George the First, for amending the Laws relating to the settlement, employment and relief of the Poor, so far as the fame respects contracts to be entered into for the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor.

Ordered That Mr. Ejlcourt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House being informed, that Mr. Walton, from the Account,^ Governor and Company of the Bank of England, attended Pre cD at the door; he was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the amount of all unclaimed Dividends Unearned on the Public Funds, which were receivable before tli|p DlV,de 1 oth October 1780, remained unpaid on the 30th September and 31 ft of December in the same year, respectively,

and

Us*

j-

;-u.

l j?

- ;?•

•-.b. I '5 i

V.

- t

C

t

a

h

0!

01

u

k

tfj

h

n

<k

L ’£

45 Geo. III.

10° Jiiniu

361

[omcs ding in me of o'jntant nerai.

and have since been paid at the Bank of England.: And and cured in the I Jit'of Man; and, under the provisions of also, an Act, passed in the 26th year of His Majesty, and

An Account of the amount of all unclaimedDividends other Acts relating thereto, brought to England, under , on the several Annuities payable at the Bank of England, certificate from His Majesty’s Collector or Comptroller receivable before the iotli October 1802, and remained of the Customs in the I fir of Man, and exported to Foreign unpaid on the 30th September and 31ft December in the parts, receiving Bounties on the fame, payable out of, fame year njspectively; also an Account of Lottery Cer- and from like funds, as Herrings caught and cured in tificates remaining in the Bank of England unpaid on Great; from* the year 1790 to the year 180.},

the said 31st December: And also, inclusive, with the amount of the Bounties each year

An Account of all Monies, Stocks, Funds, and Seen- paid thereon, rities for Money, Handing in the name of the Account-

ant General of the Court of Chancery, at the Bank of England and South Sea House, or elsewhere, in trust for the Suitors of that Court; made up to the ill of October 1804: And also,

An Account of all Monies, Stocks, Funds, and Securities for Money, Handing in the uanie of the Deputy Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, at the Bank ;xchequer. of England, in truH for the Suitors of that Court; made up to the id of October 1804.

And then he withdrew:—And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table. The laid Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this volume.

r—

lame of uty Re-nbranccr

'■ppaidix, Co. 61.)

count of lances of ublic frnev, ifcnted.

Appendix,

No. 62.)

omm'ttee on Duke of tnoll's Peti-JD) revived.

The House being informed, that Mr. Bradnell, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was callet) in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Balances of Public Money remaining with the Receiver General of the Customs on the 5th day of January, the 5th day of April, the 5th day of July, and the 10th day of October, in each year, from the year 1793 inclusive to the 5th day of April last.

And then lie withdrew: And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Duke of Atholl, and other matters relating to the Isle of Man, were referred; be revived.

'eport on committed eport of ndon Port

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Woollen Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to continue, Sul""n^)I‘ire " until the tirll day of July one thousand eight hundred Bin, ordered. * and five, the operation of an Act, passed in the last " Session of Parliament, to suspend Proceedings in Ac-" tions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, under certain " Acts, relating to the Woollen Manwfacture, and also " under an Act of the reign of Queen so far as

" the fame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacturemight be read :—-

And the same being read;

Ordered, That leave he given to bring in a Bill to continue, for a time to he limited, and amend the said Act:

And that Admiral Berkeley, Mr. Jferny and

Lord Robert Edward Henry Somerset, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the last Morion for Session of Parliament, to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Bounties and Duties pay- to°i>e con-able thereon; might be read:—And the fame being adeied. read;

And a Motion being made. That leave be given lo bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act;

Ordered, That the said Motion be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider' of that Motion.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said considered. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mardorca/l took the Chair of the Committee. J

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. MacdoioaU reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion,

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole I louse, to whom the Report was re-committed, which, upon the 30th day of May last, provement was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of

ltwa‘ the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City when the House will please to receive the same, of London, in Common Council assembled, was referred; Ordered, That the Report be now received,

the Resolution which the Committee had directed him Mr. Macdmvall accordingly reported from the said reported,

to report to the House; which he read in his place; and Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill to fame was read; and is as followeth; viz. explain and amend the said Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That And Mr'. Macdoioall moved the House accordingly, hefumof Sixty thousand pounds should be advanced, ogt . , That leave be given to bring in a Bill to BUI ordered,

of the Consolidated Fund, for completing the Canal and explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Mac-other Works directed to be made by an Act, passed in the done all. Lord Archibald Hamilton, and Mr. Pattcfun, do 39th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for prepare, and bring in, the fame.

" rendering more commodious, and for better regulating,

Sir John St civ art reported, That he had, according to An Aver reorder, carried to the Lords the Anfiver of this House, to that part of the Message from ihe Lords of the 24 th carried to the day of May last, which relates to the Earl St. Vincent. Lords-

*f the Port of London. "

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That leave he given to bring in a Bill, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr, Sturgcs Bourne, Mr.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Bill to .-.mend read in 2: of the ingrafted Bill to amend two A els, of the A^ts

(pc&iOg

oollen

attore,

4

it of

a the

Hnjkifbn, Sir Charles Price, Sir William Curtis, Sir John 13th and 44th years of His present Majesty, for the more William Anderson, and Mr. Alderman Combe, do prepare, elleftual execution of the Criminal Laws, and more easy deterred, and bring in, the fame. apprehending and bringing to trial Offenders escaping

from one part of the United Kingdom to the other, and Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second from one County to another; be now read:—And the reading of the Bill to explain and amend several Acts, fame being read;

concerning the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain, Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon and for establiflmig certain regulations relating thereto; Wednesday next, be now read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the find Bill be read a second time upon A Mefiiige from the Lords, by Mr. Harvey and Mr. Tliel^d; Thursday next. Stanley, font passed

Mr. Speaker,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an The Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act to BillrefpofHa*

Account of the number of Barrels of Herrings caught remove Doubts touching appointments to certain Offices Rysifiti0/ Vol. bo. 4 Z in ( °urtof

,'ourc of Chancery,

3 62 10°

in the Court of Chancery, made during the vacancy of the Office of Register, and Keeper of the Register and Registers in that Court; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the MeflTengers withdrew.

Bill read. And the said Bill was read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Return* of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Weekly additional1 Returns of the number of Men raised under the Addi-Foree Act, tional Force Act, from the 5th April up to the latest day

ordered. for which the fame can befurniflied; in the fame form as

those presented to the House for the antecedent period.

Amount of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ireland)* of Account of the amount of the Debt of Ireland payable ordered! in Great Britain, redeemed by the Commissioners for redeeming the Public Debt, down to the ill of February 1805; distinguishing the Funds in which such Redemption w as made.

Dublin Pav- The Order of the day being read, for taking into further mf(honer*0m* con^deration the Report from the Committee of the Bill^defirred. whole House, to whom the Bill to provide for the appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities or Abuses which may have taken place in conducting and managing the paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of and to provide for the

' suspension of the powers and authorities of the Corporation of Directors and Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets, and for veiling the fame in other Persons during such suspension; and for the better conducting and managing the business of the said Corporation, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

Bill to amend The Order of the day being read, for taking into further ASt respect- consideration the Report from the Committee of the on2Fifh)nUeS whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in deferred# the 41ft year of His present Majesty, for granting Bounties for taking and bringing Fish to the Cities of London and Westminster, and other places in the United Kingdom j was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Thursday next.

Ireland- The Order of the Day being read, for the third read-Heatth Du*i ing Qf the ingrossed Bill to regulate the Collection of the Duties on Fire Hearths, on Dwelling Houses according deferred. to the number of Windows, on Coaches and other Carriages, on Male Servants, on Horses, and on Dogs, in Ireland-,

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

and Blubber of Neufoun dlarnl, taken by His Majesty’s

Subjects carrying on the Fishery from, and residing in, the said Istand; and for revil ing and continuing an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for permitting the Importation of Hides and other Articles in Foreign Ships; was, according to Order, read a second time.

Befdved, That the Bill be committed.

Befohed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Befolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Ways and solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- M«n*» fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply e erieA granted to His Majesty;

Befolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Supply, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- deferred, fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Befolved, That this I louse will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Dublin resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon P°lice

* 1 Hu* Hrfjn

the Bill for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies, within the District of Dublin Metropolis;

Befolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to Ireland— resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Parliament relating to of Ireland, in the 33d year of His present Majesty, for SecretScnrice the Support of the Honour and Dignity of His Majesty’s deferred! Crown in Ireland, and for granting to His Majesty a Civil List Establishment, under certain Provisions and Regulations, as relates to the accounting for Secret Service Money;

* Befolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury to Loyalty Lou contra ft with certain Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts, passed in the 37th and 42ft years of His present comm Majesty, for granting other Annuities in lieu thereof, or to pay the same off at the period therein mentioned; was, according to Order, read a second time.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Befolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

LTi

-■iaci

Expiring JLaws (perpetual) Bill, committed.

Expiring JLaws (continuing) BilJ, committed.

A Bill for making perpetual, and amending, several The Order of the day being read, for the House to crimn Laws for encouraging the making of Sail Cloth in Great resolve itself into a Committee of the wli.ole House, upon Britain, and securing the Duties on Foreign Sail Cloth the Bill for authorizing the Lords Commissioners of His imported, and for making perpetual several Laws for Majesty’s Treasury to advance a certain Sum of Money, permitting the Exportation of a certain quantity of Corn to he applied in completing the Crfnan Canal; and Grain to Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, and for Befolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs, and of itself into the said Committee.

Naval Officers in the British Colonies in Atmerica, and of -

.the Officers of the Culioms in Newfoundland-,was, A Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloath-

according to Order, read a second time. ing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial

Befolved, That the Bill he committed. on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers,

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee for offences committed during the time such Militia shall of the whole House. not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain

Befolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the peace; was! according to Order, read a second time, laid Bill. Befolved, That the Bill be committed.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee A Bill for continuing several Laws relating to the of the whole House. regulating the Prices at which Corn and Grain may be Befolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the

to Great Britain-, and to the admission to entry of Oil said Bill.

A Bill

363

Militia

ubalterHS

Biii,

omiiutted.

Militia Adjutants, Ac. Bill, rommittedi

Ireland— Piper Duties Collection Bui, deterred.

Bill to amend laws relating to Taxes, deferred.

lotteries Bill, wnmitted.

11 to con-ue Irish '3, &c. atmifiioQ* s Ait, erred.

45 Geo. III.

10°—1 V

A Rill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloath-ing of the Militia in Great , for the year 1805;

was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolve,:/,'That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Martis, 11° die Janii;

Anno 450 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1805. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Henry Borrell, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Raldicin, Mr. Henry Laf'celles, &c.: And they are to meet this

BorrelJ’g Nat. Bill; committed.

A Bill for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber, disembodied; was, according to Order, read a second

was, according time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to revive and further continue and amend, so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament; was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to provide more effectually for securing the collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and on Paper printed of llained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings or other uses;

An ingrossed

An Act a second

Bill from the Lords, intituled, for naturalizing John Henry Bru/ie, was read time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr.

Mr. HenYy Lascelles, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Brunei Nat. Bill, committed.

Mr. Wilberforce reported from the Committee, to whom Sheffield, &c. the Bill for making, and keeping in repair, a Carriage Road to Branch out of the Turnpike Road leading from Sheffield to Penifton, at the Tow’nship of IVadsley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join, in the Township of Langset in the said Riding, the Turnpike Road

leading from Done after to Sailers Brook, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Trustees for executing an Act, passed in the 4 3d year of His present Ma- . jesty, for repairing the Roads from the present Turnpike Road upon Greenhill Moor to Hatherf and from the Chesterfield Turnpike Road near Middleton to

Totley, all in the County of Derby; and also for making tw’o new branches from the said Roads to Bqfloxo, in the said County, and to Goose Green, near Sheffield, in the County of York; and also, the Petition of several Truf-

tees for executing an Act, passed in the 41ft year of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hurdlow House, through Buxton, in the County of Derby, and Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the

; _Bef0l,ei That ,hU House ,iU, Tcmonw, resolve

itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the wffiole House, upon the Bill to amend the several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty, a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries; was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole I louse.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Per-quifite9, and Emoluments, which are or have been lately received in the several Public Offices in Ireland therein

were severally referred; That the Committee had heard counsel in support of the said Petitions, and had also heard counsel in favour.of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were a "reed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, to leek whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford, w'as committed; That the rep°rte * Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he

mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist reaq t]ie Report in his place; and afterwards delivered

in the fame, and into the present mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for Public Money in Ireland-, was committed, be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Vol 60.

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the ifVen and powers of two Acts, passed in the ill and 2.2d years of His present Majesty, for repairing the road leading from wmrticted!

Whitecrof,

1

11

364

1 V jfunii. A. 1305.

Whitecross, in the Parish of Leven in the

East Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Beverley, in the said County; was read a second time.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speakers'Chamber.

Lord Radnor’! An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

committed. for effectuating an Exchange between the Chancellor, Matters, and Scholars of the University of Oxford, and the Right honourable Jacob Earl of Radnor; was read a second time.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. docke Wyndham, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

London Port Sir William Curtis presented to the House, according Bill, to Order, a Bill to authorize the advancement of further presented. sums of money out of the Consolidated Fund, for completing the Canal and ot her Works directed to be made by an Act, passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering more commo-" dious, and for better regulating the Port of London And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Biiitoprevent The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 6th the carrying year of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Culti-erdered. * ' vation, and for the better preservation of Trees, Roots, Plants, and Shrubs, might be read:—And the fame was read.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the 9th year of His present Majesty, for better securing the Duties of Customs upon certain Goods removed from the Outports and other Places to London; for regulating the Fees of the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs in the Province of Senegambia, in Africa; for allowing to the Receivers General of the Duties on Offices and Employments in Scotland, a proper compensation for their trouble and expences; for the better preservation of Hollies, Thorns, and Quicksets, in forests, chafes, and private grounds, and of Trees and Underwoods in forests and chaces; and for authorizing the exportation of a limited quantity of an inferior fort of Barley, called Bigg, from the Port of Kirkwall, in the Islands of Orkney; might be read-And the fame being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the illegally carrying away Bark, and for amending the said Acts: And that the Lord Glenbervie, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

LeWes Lord Francis Godolphin OJbomc presented to the

church Bill, House, according to Order, a Bill for rebuilding! the presented. parj/h Church of All Saints, in the Town of Lewes, in the County of Suffer, and for repairing the Tower thereof: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Account re- The House being informed, that Mr. Johnson, from Buitiiif's^n'1 ^ie Ofti<- e of the Chief Secretary for Ireland, attended at Ireland, the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented

presented. to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Expenditure of the different sums granted for Civil Buildings in Ireland, from 5th January 1801 to 5th January 1805; specifying the particulars, and the warrants and authority by which the fame were paid, and the estimates and approbation of the fame, and the amount of such Expenditure in the whole.

And then lie withdrew :—And the Title was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is preserved Amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account of The House being informed, that Mr. Walton, from the waSame. Govemor r,u'1 Company of Ihe Bank of England, at-Navy Bills tended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, prl7Juc£d’ Panted to t,e House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Names of the Parties into whose

Names the Navy, VictuaHing, and Transport Bills funded in the years 1794, 1795, and 1796, were respectively written up at the Bank of ^England, where the Ann has exceeded the sum of £. 20,000 to each Name.

And then he withdrew:—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed, for the Members of the I Ionic.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this volume. (\0. 63.)

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the third Spanish wine reading of the ingrossed Bill for charging the like Duties, and allowing the like Drawbacks of Customs, on

Spanish Red Wine imported into and exported from Great Britain, as are now charged and allowed on French Wine-imported and exported, be now read:—And the fame being read;—the laid Bill was read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Spanish Rod Wine imported into Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the . Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making perpetual, and amending, tuuij bill, several laws for encouraging the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, and securing the Duties on Foreign Sail Cloth imported, and for making perpetual several Law's for permitting the Exportation of a certain quantity of Corn and Grain" to Guernsey, Jersey and Alderney, and for regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs, and of Naval Officers in the Briti/hColonies in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in; be now

read :—And the fame being read;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committees.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair..

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the Ilouie, without any Amendment;

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third tim$

To -morrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House Commit* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing several law’s relating to the nu'ing) Bill, regulating the prices at which Corn and Grain may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and to the admission to entry of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland, taken determined by His Majesty’s subjects carrying on the Fishery from, and reflding in, the said I Hand; and for reviving and continuing an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for permitting the Importation of Hides and other Articles in foreign thips; be now read:—And the fame being read;—the House re-solved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker reftimed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bid, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed" him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the dav, for the House to Connate* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for authorizing the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to advance a certain fnm of Money, to be applied in completing the Crinan Canal; be now read :-—And the fame being read;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

7 Mr.

t

45 Geo. III.

lieMs Light-oules Bit If ailed

>mmittee

Hf» Mi: ■'i •ay Biii.

Committee

on Militia Subalterns Bill.

.ommtffoe

'-n Militia

V litmus,

fc. Bill.

11° yunii.

3 65

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amended gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report.

when the House will please to receive the same.

That the Report be received Tommorrow.

, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend the several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; be now read:—And the fame being read;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That Nervcastle; and to raise a Fund for defray ing the charge they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-thereof. ments thereunto; which they had directed him to re-

Ordered, That Sir Mat there White Ridley do carry the port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Bill to the Ixn'ds, and desire their concurrence. Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Mr. Bourne presented to the House, according

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon to Order, a Bill for vesting in the Barrack Mailer General the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloath- for the time being, Estates held or occupied for the Bar-

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Mailer, Pilots, and Seamen of the Trinity House of to erect two new Light Houses at North Shields, at or near the Port of Nervcastle, and to raise a Fund for defraying the charge thereof; was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Mailer, Pilots, and Seamen of the Trinity House of Nexocastle upon Tyne, to erect two new Light Houses at North Shields, at or near the Port of

Committee on Bill to amend Laws relating to Taxes.

ing of the Militia in Great Britain, for the year 1805; be now read :—And the fame being read;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. A 'exander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refnmed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, wrhen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrow'.

rack Service, and authorizing him to sell the same with the consent of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Bill for vetting Estates in the Barrack Matter General, presented.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the w'hole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 33d year of His present Majesty, for the support of the honour and dignity of His Majesty’s Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Crown in , and for granting to His Majesty a

Ireland— Committee on Act relating to Secret Service Money#

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied; be now read :—And the fame being read; —the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House w ill please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to revive and further continue and amend so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allow’ances to Ad- bring in, the fame, jutauts and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament; he now read :—And the fame being read;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone throu

Civil List Establishment, under certain provisions and regulations, as relates to the accounting for Secret Service Money; be now read:—And the fame being read;

—-the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.'

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That he wras directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House wrill please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said reported; Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act.

And Mr. Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bill ordered, amend the said Act: And that Mr. Alexander, Air.

Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. Foster, do prepare, and

....,..gh the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual administration of the ofhee of a Justice of the Peace, and for the more effectual prevention of Felonies, within the Dill rift of Dublin Aletro-polis; be now read :—And the fame being read ;—th<} House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Alexander reported from the Committee, That

Committee on Dublin Police Bill.

♦rrmtttec on Uuie* Bill.

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Ordered. That the Order of the day, for the House to Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries? be iimv read :—And the fame being read;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. A tern mler took the Chair of the Committee,

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee. That Vo 1, 60.

report, w hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Air. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and wdiich they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further 5 A, oonfideratioft

reported.

3 66

con fide ration upon this day three weeks, the 2d day of July next.

Ordered, That the said Bijl, as amended, be printed, for the Members of the House.

Date of War- Mr. Sturges Bourne presented to the House, pursuant

in Ad am their Order;—A Paper, intituled, " Date of the War-

jefiicoe, " rant of Treasury issued to be laid before His Majesty,

presented. dated 29th May 1800, respecting the Deficiency of

" Adam Jellicoe, and the name of the Person to whom " the fame was addressed: "—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

The said Paper is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A. 1805.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Ireland-reading of the ingrossed Bill to regulate the Collection of Hearth D»-the Duties on Fire Hearths, oh Dwelling Houses accord- Km1, ing to the number of Windows, on Coaches and other Carriages, on Male Servants, on Horses, and on Dogs, '

in Ireland; be now read :—And the fame being read;

—the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to regulate the Collection of the Duties on Fire Hearths, on Dwelling Houses according to the number of Windows, on Coaches and other Carriages, on Male Servants, on Horses, and on Dogs, in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

11® Juniu -

Petition from A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the City respfAing the and County of the City of Coventry, was presented to Tenth Report the House, and read; setting forth, That it appears to quiry.V*IEn* the Petitioners, from the the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, and by the Votes of the House of the 8th and 10th days of April lait, decisions which have excited the highest veneration and gratitude in their breads, that there has been the most gross and scandalous misapplication of the Public Money in the Office of Lord Vi (count Melville, with his privity and connivance: And the Petitioners, deeming it highly essen-tial to the detection of further malpractices, that every Department of Government flimfld undergo a strict and impartial scrutiny, and that cveiy Delinquent may be brought to exemplary punishment, humbly intreat. That the powers so wifely and judiciously by the House in-trusted to the said Commissioners, and by them so ably, uprightly, and indefatigably employed, may be continued, or, if thought necessary, further extended.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

London The Order of the day being read, for the second read-

eferred.8'0’ *n? of the Bill for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and " other Works, for the greater accommodation and " security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within ' " the Port of London," as directs that Compensation

shall be made to the Governors of Christ's and to

the free Carmen of the City of London, for the damage such Carmen may sustain by making the said Docks; and for granting to them the exclusive right of carting for hire from the said Docks and other Works;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Thursday next.

Caa fling Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order,

•cf nted"' a Pill to amend an Act, made in the 31ft year of His

pieene . pr< tent Majesty, for the better regulation and govern-

ment of Seamen employed in the Coasting Trade: And the fame was received; and read the tirlt time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ireland—

Mr. Nicholas Vianfltartpresented to the House, accord-

B!villift Act to ^r<*cr> a Bill to amend an Act, made in the

pretented. ’ Parliament of Ireland, for the support of the honour and dignity of His Majesty’s Crown in Ireland, and for granting to His Majesty a Civil List Establishment, under certain provisions and regulations: And the lame was received; and read the full time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Lweto Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to enquire ela.d Can^" ,llto ^le Toils on the Grand Canal of Ireland, and what of Ireland, measures have been adopted, or may be adopted, for

K. !". * their reduction, and to report the fame, together with

their obfei vaiions thereupon, to the House, have leave to annex to their Report, by way of Appendix, such of the Papers referred by the House to the said Committee, as ' they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House Ireland— to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to provide more effectually for securing the Cohesion'* Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and Biu-on Paper printed or stained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings or other uses; be now read *.—And the fame being read;—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hawthorne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hawthorne reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Iloule, upon the Bill for defraying the, charge of the Pay and ay Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland-, for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for offences committed during the time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace; be now read :—And the fame being read;

—the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hawthorne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hawthorne reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into Report of Bill further confederation the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue an Act, commission- ’j made in the last Session of Parliament, for appointing ers AS, . t Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Per- j;C0D , -quifites, and Emoluments, which are or have been lately 1

received in the several Public Offices in Ireland therein v

mentioned; to examine into any A bulbs which may exist

in the fame, and into the present mode of receiving, col- - M

lecting, ifi'uing, and accounting for Public Money, in Ireland, was committed; be now read :—And the fame being read;—the House proceeded to take Urn said Report into further consideration :—And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into fur- Consideration ther consideration the Report from the Committee of the "frR^{’°rt whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an southern8 Act, made in the 38th year of His present Majesty, for whale the further encouraging the Southern Whale Fisheries; deferred.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday next,

4 Ordered,

45 Geo. III.

11° Ju

367

Jublin Pav-

;■ Vwimi (Honors Bill*

e-committed.

Billrespecting Reciller of Court of Chancery, committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to provide for the appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities or Abuses which may have taken place in conducting and managing the paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin-, and to provide for Enquiry; the Sulpenfjon of the powers and authorities of the Corporation of Directors and Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets, and for veiling the fame in other persons during such Suspension; and for the better conducting and managing the business of the said Corporation; was committed; be now read :—

And the same being read;

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Rcfoked, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Rcfoked, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Re faked. That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to remove doubts touching appointments to certain Offices in the Court of Chancery made during the vacancy of the Office of Register, and Keeper of the Register and Registers in that Court; was, according to Order, fead a second time.

Rcfoked, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rcfoked, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lords hare agreed to

Ireland— Malt Duties Collection Bill.

St. Mary’s Chester inclosure Bill.

Childwall

and delivered to Mr. Speaker, and by him read; winch Letter is as followeth;

Sir, Wimbledon, nth June 1805.

Having observed, in the Votes of the House of Commons, that a Committee has been appointed to consider of the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval and having obtained a copy of a Report which that Committee has submitted to the House of Commons; I take the liberty of requesting that the House will allow me to be admitted, and heard, on the subject of those Reports.

I hgwe the honour to be. Sir,

with great respect, your most obedient and faithful servant.

The Right Honourable the Speaker of Melville. the House of Commons.

Re faked, That Lord Viscount Melville be admitted in, and heard.

Whereupon a Chair was set by the Serjeant a little within the Bar, on the left hand the coming in.

And the Serjeant had directions to go with the Mace, and acquaint Lord Viscount Melville, that he might come in.

And the doors being opened, and the Bar down, his Lordship came in uncovered, making his obeifances in the padage and at the Bar, which was then lifted up, and came up to the Chair prepared for him; and Mr. Speaker acquainted his Lordship, that he might, if he pleased, repose himself in the Chair.

Whereupon his Lordfiiip fat down in the Chair, and was covered; and, after a little space, arose lip again, find, being uncovered, and Handing behind the Chair, spoke to the House, addressing himself to Mr. Speaker.

And having ended his speech, withdrew uncovered; making his obeifances at the Bar, and in the passage, in like manner as at his entrance.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Harley and Mr. Cox:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Collection of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the trade of a Maltster; without any Amendment: And also.

The Ixirds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Saint Mary on the Hill, in the City and County Palatine of Chester-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ^ith an Bl"’ for inclosing Lands in the Manors or Townships of Child- Committee, to whom the said Tenth Report of the Com Amendment, i oall, Great Wooltonand Little Woolton, in the Parish of missioners of Naval Enmiirv. was referred to mnniro int,

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That He my Lord Viscount Melville be impeached of high Crimes and Misdemeanors;

The House was moved, That the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, respecting the office of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, which was presented to the House upon the 13th day of February last;, might be read:—And the fame was read.

The I Ioufe w as also moved. That the Report which, upon the 27th day of May last, was made from the Select

Tredingfon

The Lords have palfed

Lord Kirk-*ilN's Estate Bill.

Childivall, in the County Palatine of with an

Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act 1 with an for inclosing Lands in the Pari fit of Treding ton, in the

Amendment. County of Gloucester; with an Amendment; to whiqh Amendment the Lords desire the concurrence- of this House; And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to veil the settled Estates of John Hamilton commonly called Lord Kirkwall, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, in Trustees, in trull to be sold for the payment of Debts alfecting the fame, and his other settled Estates; and after payment thereof, for the investment of the residue of the Monies to arise by such falc in the purchase of other Estates, to be conveyed to the uses of the said settled Estates, and for other purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have puffed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Gujtavns Flin; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Bernhard La Marche-, to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

fTmdt’s

Bat. Bill,

-a Marche's Nat. Bill.

.Speaker

0TrURUnicates

--U.HUM, ^etter being font by Lord Viscount Melville, differ from rected to Mr. Speaker, to be communicated to the House. •wdMelville. VOL. 60.

missioners of Naval Enquiry, was referred, to enquire into the application of any Monies ifi'ued to the Treasurer of the Navy for Naval Services to purposes not Naval, and whether any and what representations were made to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or the Chancellor of the Exchequer, respecting the withdrawing from the Bank any sums of Money so ifi'ued since the passing of the Act of 25 Geo. 111. c. 31.; and also, into the Proceedings had for the recovery of the Debt due to the Crown by the late Adam Jellicoe-, might be read:—And the fame was read.

The House was also moved. That the Resolutions of the House of the 8th day of April last, respecting the matters contained in the said Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry; might be again read:—And the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

‘ Resolved, That it appears to this House, That, on the 18th of June 1782, the House of Commons, in a Committee of the whole House, came, amongst others, to the following Resolutions:

" That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That feme " regulations ought to be adopted, for the purpose of lef-" fening and keeping down the Balances of Public " Money, which appear to have ufua'lv been in the " hands of the Treafui»~r of the Navy; and it would be " beneficial to the Public, if the first and other Clerks in the different branches belonging to the said office " were paid by fixed and permanent Salaries, in lieu of all I'ees, Gratuities, and other Perquisites whatsoever:’

That

Lord Melville admitted in, and heard*

Motion for his Impeachment*

368 11° Junii. A. 180.5.

" Thai it is the Opinion of this Committee, That from January 1784, and continued in the said office until the

" henceforward the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s ill of June 1800.’

* Land Forces and the Treasurer of the Navy, for the ‘ Resolved, That, in the year 1785, an Act of Parlia-" time being, shall not apply any sum or films of Money ment was passed (25 III. c. 31.) intituled, "An Act " imprested to them, or either of them, to any purpose " for better regulating the office of Treasurer of His " of advantage or interest to themselves, either directly Majesty’s Navy," whereby it is directed, that no Mouey " or indirectly:" shall be issued from the Treasury to the Treasurer of the

" 'Hiat it appears to this Committee, That the Com- Navy, but that all Monies issued for Naval Services shall " missioners appointed to examine, take, and state the be paid to the Bank on account of Naval Services, and " Public Accounts of the Kingdom, have, so far as placed to the Account of the Treasurer of the Navy, and " appears from the Reports which they have hitherto shall not be paid out of the Bank unless for Nava! Ser-" made, discharged the duty intrusted to them with vices, and in pursuance of drafts signed by the Trea-" great diligence, accuracy, and ability; and, if Par- surer, or some Person or Persons authorized by him,

" liament shall carry into execution those plans of reform which drafts shall specify the Heads of Service to which " and regulation which are suggested by the matter such sums are to be applied; and that the Regulations " contained in the Reports of the said Commissioners, under the said Act shall take place from the 3ill of " it cannot but be attended with the mod beneficial July 1785.’

" consequences to the future welfare and prosperity of ‘ Refol That the execution of the said Act was,

" this Kingdom." postponed till the month of January 1786; and that u-H

* Resolved, That, in furtherance of the intention of the from that time till the month of June 1800, when Lord House of Commons, expressed in such Resolutions, His Melville left the office of Treasurer, contrary to the prac- Majesty, by His Warrant, dated 26th June 1782, di- tice established in the Treasurership of the Right honour-

reeled that the Salary of the T rcafurer of the Navy should able Ifa Barr}, contrary to the Resolutions of the House

be increased to the sum of £. 4,000. per annum, in full of Commons of the 18th of June 1782, and in de-satisfaction of all Wages and Fees, and other Profits fiance of the Provisions of the above-mentioned Act of I

and Emoluments, theretofore enjoyed by former Trea- 25 Geo. III. c. 31, large Sums of Money were, under furors.’ pretence of Navy Services, and by a manifest evalion of

‘ Resolved, That it appears to this House, That, during the Act, at various times drawn from the Bank and ilithe Treasurerffiip of the Right, honourable Isaac Bar/}, vested in Exchequer and Navy Bills, lent upon the fecu-the conditions of the aforesaid Warrant were driftly com- rity of Stock, employed in discounting private Bills, in plied with; that the whole of the Money issued from the purchasing Bank and Raft India Stock, and used in Exchequer to Mr. Barr} for Naval Services was lodged various ways, for the purpoi'es of private, emolument/ in the Bank; that it was never drawn from thence pre- ‘ Resolved, That Alexander Trotter, Esquire, the Pay-viouily to its being advanced to the Sub-Accountants, to mailer of the Navy, was the Person by whom, or in be applied to the Public Service; that, during the time whose name, the Public Money was thus employed;

Mr. Barr} acted as Treasurer and Extreasurer, he had and that in so doing he acted with the knowledge and

not in hispoflession or custody any of the Public Money, consent of Lord Viscount Melville, to whom he w as at > v.

and that neither he, nor the raymalter of the Navy, did the same time private Agent, and for whole use or benefit A

derive any profit or advantage from the use or employ- he oceafionally laid out from Ten to Twenty thoul’and

ment thereof.’ pounds, without considering w'hether he was preview fly

‘ Resolved, That the Right honourable Henry Dnndas, in advance to his Lordship, or whether such advances now' Lord Viscount Melville, succeeded to the office of were made from his public or private Balances/

Treasurer of the Navy on the 19th August 1782, when a ‘ Ref)lved. That the Right honourable Lord Viscount

further addition was made to the Salary of the said office, Melville, having been privy to, and having connived at, in order to produce a net animal income of <£.4,000. the withdrawing from the Bank of England, for the pur-after the payment of all Taxes and Charges on the fame; pose, as dated by Lord of private emolument

and that this additional Salary was considered by the said to Mr. Trotter, sums issued to Lord Melville as Treasurer I ord Viscount Melville as granted to him in lieu of all of the Navy, and placed to his account in the Bank,

Wages, Fees, Profits, and other Emoluments, enjoyed by according to the provisions of the 25 Geo. III. c. 31, has former Treasurers/ been guilty of a gross violation of the Law, and a high

‘ Resolved, That the said Lord Viscount Melville con- Breach of Duty/ tinued in the said 'office till the 10th of April 1783; The House was also moved, That the Order, made That, being afkod whether he derived any advantage upon the 29th day of April last—" That the Attorney from the use of the Public Money during that period, " General be directed to take such measures as may he, in his examination before the Commissioners of Naval " appear to him to be mod etleftual, in due eourse of Enquiry, declined answering any question on that head; " Law, for ascertaining and recovering any Sums of

but that he has, in a letter since written to the said Com- " Money that, may be due to the Public from Lord Vif-missioners, and dated the 28th March last, declared, " count Alexander Trotter, Esquire, in respect

" that, previous to 1786, he did not derive any advan- " of any Profits derived by them from Monies issued for " tage from the use or employment of any Money issued " Naval Purposes, and that may have come into their " for carrying on the Service of the Navy;" hut Mr. " hands subsequent to the ill day of January 1786;"

Douglas, who was Paymaster, being dead, and his Lord- might be read:—And the fame being read; ship having refused to an fiver any questions on this head. An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Debate on as aforesaid, no evidence has been obtained as to the Question, That Henry Lord Viscount Melville be im-Application of Monies issued for the Service of the Navy,. peached of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, by leaving out j^,rd Mei-or the mode of drawing the fame from the Bank, during from the word " That," to the end of the Queiiion, in order viile’s im-lliis period/ to insert these words, " 11 is Majesty’s Attorney General j^urned!’

‘ Resolved, That the Right honourable Charles Town- " be directed to prosecute the said "Henry Lord Viscount Jhend, now Lord Bayning, held the office of Treasurer of " Melville, for the several offences which appear from the; the Navy from the iilli of April 1783 to the 4th of " said Reports to have been committed determined by the said January 1784; and that, from the examination of his " Henry Ixvrd Viscount Melville; and that the Attorney Lordship, it appears, that, during his Treasurerlliip, no " General be directed to stay Proceedings in the Civil part of the Money issued for the Service of the Navy was " Suit inltituted by order of this House against the said applied to his private use or advantage, and that he does " Henry I xml Viscount Melville," instead thereof, not believe that Mr. Douglas, who acted under him as And the Queiiion being proposed, That the words Paymaster, deified any profit or advantage from the use proposed to be left out, stand part of the Quell ion; or employment of the Public Money, except the Money And a Debate arising in the HmitV thereupon; issued for the payment of Exchequer Fees.’ " And the House having continued to fit till half an

* Resolved, That the Right, honourable Henry Dundas hour after two of the clock on Wednesday morning; was re-appointed Treasurer of the Navy on the 5th of Ordered, That the debate be adjourned till this day.

The

45 Geo. 111. 11°—12

3 69

■ The other Order of the Day being read;

.1 Loan Befolved, That this House will, this day, resolve itself

Referred, into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to i, enable the Commissioners of the Treasury to contract

with certain Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts, l y paded in the 37th and 4 2d years of His present Majesty,

for granting other Annuities in lieu thereof, or to pay the same off at the period therein mentioned.

y; And then the House adjourned til! this Morning,

1 Eleven of the Clock.

d

!’ Mercum, 12° die;

’■ Anno 450 Georgii III'n Regis, 1805.

(fj

Prayers.

E !i(rhnm "\ TR. Baldwinreported from the Committee, to whom 3 louts'Bill, IVj. the Bill for enlarging the term and powers of two i eporttd. Acts, of the 4th and 14th years of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from the North end of the Town of Rotherham to the East fide of Park,

in the County of York; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; an 1 that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read ihe Report: in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one l>y one; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

SomiisNaf. Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom

idpS*'*’ ^ie ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Henry; was committed; That

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment

ie s Nat. Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to wrhom *he ingrossed Bill from the Lords,. intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Henry Brune; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, w ithout any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table :—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Befolved, Tlgtt the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, w itliout any Amendment.

iliT* r Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for naturalizing Gust aims Flindwas read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

i"i ° r inSro^'1 Bill for inclosing Lands in1 the Parish of

Leek, in the County of Stafford, was read the third time.

The Amendment following w as proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Bf- 47- h 12- To leave out from the beginning of the line to the end of line 24, and infect " or Pipes into the said Relervoirs," intlead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put V OL. 60. 1 -

thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill w as amended at the Table accordingly.

Befolved, That the Bill do pails: And that the Title be,'

An Act for ineiottng Lands in the Pavilh ol Leek, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Sir Kdtvard Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defne their concurrence.

Mr. Ashley reported from the Committee, to whom the Great Can-Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish ol in"toiiire Bill,

in the County of Dorset, and in the Town and County reported, of the Toum'of Poole-, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wrere once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Benyon reported from the Committee, to whom Lord Mom.t-the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Qljj effecting the sale or exchange of certain Real Eiiates and and’pjg-u. * Hereditaments late of George' Samuel Lord Viscount Montague, deceased, and laying out the Money thence arising in the purchase of other Real Estates; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, w ithout any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Benyon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Poyntz reported from the Committee, to whom Ferryman*

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate f*11’. veiling the devised Estates of John Ferryman, Gentle- psSfed.' ’* man, deceased, in Tmllees, to be sold, and for applying part of the purchase money in discharge of Incumbrances, and for laying out the residue, under the direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same uses, and until such purchase be made for laying out such residue in the purchase of Three per cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Ref lived. That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Poyntz do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Haulerson reported from the Committee, to whom Duke of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Bri,|gewater’s enable the Trustees of the will of the Molt noble Francis, ted'and

late Duke of Bridgewater, to make grants in fee, or for pallid.' years at reserved rents, of certain parts of his Trull Estates, lying near or adjoining his Canal in the Counties of Iwiicafterand Chestier, for the purpose of having Buildings erected thereon, and otherwise improving1 the fame; was committed; That the Committee had examined the

5 8 Allegations

Answer to Address.

Report of Commissioners for Redemption of Land Tax, presented.

Appendix,

(No. 64.)

Bill to prevent the carrying away of Bark, presented*

Greene's Estate Bill, reported, and puffed.

370

12° Jtinli.

A. 1805.

Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties coneerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Lord Glenberviereported to the House, That their

Address of the 22d day of May lad, (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give directions that the Paper therein mentioned might be laid before this House,) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions accordingly.

The Lord Glenbervie presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty;—A Report of the Lords Commissioners for regulating, directing, approving, and confirming, all Sales, and Contracts for Sale, made determined by Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, and by all Feoffees and Trustees for charitable or other public purposes, and by all Persons holding, under any Grant from the Crown, or under any Act of Parliament, any Estates wherein His Majesty, His Heirs, or Successors, have any interest or expectancy;—with a Statement of their proceedings since the 24th of June 1803; distinguishing the number and value of the Sales, and Contracts for Sale, approved by the said Commissioners; the amount of Land Tax Redeemed, or to be redeemed, by virtue of such Sales, and Contracts for Sale; the quantity of Stock purchased by the produce of such Sales; the gain to the Public resulting from the proceedings under the said Commission; the expence incurred, and the estimated value of the entire Property of which the tenure has been or will be changed by the eflfect of such Sales or Contracts for Sale:—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Paper be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Paper is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

The Lord Glenbervie presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to prevent the illegally carrying away Bark; and for amending two Acts, passed in the 6th and 9th years of His present Majesty’s reign, for the preservation of TimberT ryes, Underwoods, Roots, Shrubs, Plants, Hollies, Thorns, and Quicksets: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Savile reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain parts of the Estates late of Mary Greene, widow, deecafed, situate in the County of Norfolk, and by her will devised or limited to strict uses, in Trustees to be sold, and for applying part of the Monies arising from the sale thereof in discharge of an Incumbrance subsisting thereon, and for laying out the residue of such Monies in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same uses; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaClion of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table :—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Saviledo carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Admiral Berkeley presented to the House, according Woollen to Order, a Bill to continue the operation of an Act, "'‘Munsuf. passed in the last Session of Parliament, to suspend pro- preiemc^'1’ ceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the fame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House proceeded to take into consideration, the Lords Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled. Amendment An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of indofureBiu,

in the County of Gloucester. agreed to.

And the said Amendment was read, and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 18. 1. 1 o') Leave out from " thereto" to "And,"

Sc 11.5 in line 39.

The said Amendment being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Admiral Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into Consideration further consideration the Report, which was made from camtierwdl, the Committee, to whom the Bill for supplying the Inha- &c. Water-bitants of the Parish of Saint Giles Camberwell, and parts deferred/’ of the Parish of Saint Mari) Lambeth, and several other Parishes and Places in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, with Water, was committed; be now read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter and extend the provisions of the Laws now in force for Bill, the punishment of the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bills of Exchange, and other Securities, to every part of the United Kingdom: And that Mr. Giles and Mr. Manning do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Lord Archibald Hamilton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, presented.’ made in the last Session of Parliament, to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Com, and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to °* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Com- Atho*J’* mittee, upon the Petition of the Duke of Atholl, and tlon' e other matters relating to the Isle of Man; be now read:

—And the fame being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee;

An Amendment wras proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the word " Friday," and inferring the word " Wednesday," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the word " Friday,"

Hand part of the Question ;—it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, that the word " Wed-" nesday," be inserted instead thereof;—it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Message

45 Geo. III. 12° Junii

, A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. Ilaroey and Mr. «r<is

gtted tox:

Mr. Speaker,

>rre. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ng the to repeal an Art, made in the twenty-third year of His »tiet present Majesty, for the better regulation of the Office rai. of the Payinafter General of His Majesty’s Forces, and the more regular payment of the Army; and for the more effectually regulating the said Office; without any Amendment: And also,

Horse The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ' Bill. for further continuing, until the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act, made in the twenty-seventh year of His present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to let to farm the Duties on Horses let to hire for traveling Pod and by - Time; without any Amendment: And also, toammd The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for audit-to amend an Act, made in the twenty-fifth year of His •ounts! present Majesty, for better examining and auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, and for enabling the Commissioners in certain cases to allow of Vouchers although not damped according to Law; without any Amendment: And also, ck Ferry The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bl11- for improving the Pailiige between the Town of Liverpool and the County of Chat the Rock Ferry, on the River Mersey, and for levying Tods on Vessels uling the fame; without any Amendment: And a'so, loackater The Lords have agreed to the Bib, intituled, An Act idofure Bin, for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in the County of Su/Tex; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this ■ht Lordt House: And also,

ive pi, Ted The Lords have pa-Ted a Bill, intituled, An Act forna-

vaLBul * turalizing Caroline ErneflineFrederica Raroness

De Stein, of Nordheim, in the Km pi re of Germany, Wife

of John Charles Mellish, F.fqoirc; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

Weiton’s The Lords have patted a B II, intituled, An Act to Divorce Bill, ffiflolve the Marriage of Thomas Esquire, with

Frances Mary Lean, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purpol'es therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

ffeiWs An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to hvorce Bill, dissolve, the Marriage of Thomas , Esquire, with

Frances Man/ Lena, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned j was read the firtt time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a second time.

eStein’s An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for naturalizing Caroline Ernestine Frederica Sophia Baronets De Stein, of Nordheim, in the Empire of,

Wife of John Charles Mellish, Esquire; was read the first time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a second time.

rton Ba- A Motion being made. That the ingrotted Bill for di-tature Bill certain Lands in the Parish of Norton in

ifled. * ’ the County of Wilts, and a certain Common Meadow called Pitmead, in the said Parish of , and

in the several Farillies of and

Sutton Veny, in the said County of be now read

the third time;

Mr. Rose, by His Majesty’s command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the purport of the said Bill, gives His consent, as far as His Majesty’s intere.il is concerned, that the House may do therein as they thall think tit.

Then the said Bill was read the third time.

Rfolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing certain Lands in the Parish of Norton Bavant, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. F.flcourt d.o carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Vol. 6o.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to veil the settled Estates of John Hamilton commonly called Lord Kirkwall, in the Counties of Denb'gh and Flint, in Trustees, in trust to be sold for the payment

of Debts affiefting the fame, and his other settled Estates; and after payment thereof, for the investment of the residue of the Monies to arise by such sale, in the purchase of other Estates to be conveyed to the uses of the said settled Estates, and for other purposes therein mentioned; was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Lord* Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, to Faenol*"'* An Act for inclosing, embanking, draining, and improv- IncioAire BiD, ing, certain Lands in the Township of in the a&reed to*

Parish of Toicyn, in the County of Merioneth.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. x. I.17. Leave out " Lord," and in the fame line after " James," insert " Lord."

Pr. 39. I.25. After " whatsoever," insert "making " Compensation," and in the fame line, after " and " insert " satisfac-" tion for."

■ 1. 32. Leave out from " thereof" to the end

of the Clause.

The said Amendments being severally read a second time; were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to determined by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. James Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Lord* Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Anic'n.')m<*nt

• •> v 7 £0 Lit 11*1 wall

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors or Town- indoiureiia],

ft lips of Childic all, Great Woolton and Woolton, «greedto.

in the Parish of Childwall, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

And the said Amendment was read-; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 16. 1. 40. After " therein," insert " in case they " shall be Tenants in Fee Simple " thereof."

The said Amendment being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into Bill for the further consideration, the Report from the Committee of smugg|',n>of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more eft’ec- deferred."5’ tual prevention of Smuggling, was re-committed; be now read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second London Port reading of the Bill to authorize the advancement of cJ^[-tted further sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for completing the Canal tmd other Works directed to be made by an Act, passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering more " commodious, and for better regulating the Port of " London," be now read:—And the fame being read;— the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second ?,ni"rveft* reading of the Bill for vesting in the Barrack Mailer ‘fi General for the time being, F-states held or occupied for Metier Ge-

the neral> committed.

Expiring Lnw* (perpetual) Bill, passed.

tfra jt and Means, deferred.

Supply,

deferred.

Importation of Goat Skins in Foreign Ships, to be considered.

Militia Subal tern's Bill, reported.

372

12° Jun'ri.

A. 1805.

the Barrack service, and authorizing him to sell the same, with the consent of the Lords C ommissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, be now read :—And the fame being read;—the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Befolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for making perpetual, and amending, several Laws for encouraging the making of. Sail Cloth in Great Britain, and securing the Duties on Foreign Sail Coth imported; and for making perpetual several Laws for permitting the Exportation of a certain quantity of Corn and Grain to and

Alderney-, and for regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs, and of Naval Officers, in the British Colonies in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in land -, be now read:—And the fame being read;—the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making perpetual, and amending, several Law's for encouraging the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, and securing the Duties on Foreign Sail Cloth imported; and for making perpetual several Laws for permitting the Exportation of a certain quantity of Com and Grain to Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney; and for regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs, and of Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in Newfoundland.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the w'hole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; be now read:—And the fame being read;

Befolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee, of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; be now read:—And the fame being read;

Befolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof; might be read:—And the fame was read.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and until the ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain; might be-read :— And the fame was read.

The House was also moved. That another Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for continuing, until the 25th day of March 1804, several Acts for granting and continuing Duties to His Majesty in Ireland; might be read:—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting the Importation of Goat Skins in Foreign Ships, on payment of the like Duties as if imported in British or Irish ships.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great , while disem-

bodied, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, wdth the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow'.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for making, and rtiv appoint, keeping in repair, a Carriage Road, to branch out of the TIlir<1 Turnpike Road leading from Sheffield to Pen if on, at the Sheffield, Ac. Towuiship of Wadfiey, in the West Riding of the County Bill, of York, to join, in the Township of in the said

Rjding, the Turnpike Road leading from Doncafer to Salter's Brook; be read the third time Tommorrow.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon Report r*. the 5th day of April last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several principal Adventurers in referred to'7’ the Pilchard Fisherv, was referred, might be again read: Committee of —And the fame being read; Hou’ie.01'

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Militia Pay Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Bill, reported, defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain, for the year 1805, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments wrere once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from Bill to amend the Committee of the whole House, to w hom the Bill to amend the several Laws relating to the Duties under reported.’ the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and w’hich they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow'.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Lotterie* Bin, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for grant- rePortt<t‘ ing to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries, w'as committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered,

45 Geo. III. 12° Jumi. 3W

Ordered, That the said Bill be read th6 third time To- Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time morrow. Tommorrow.

tia Adjo- Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the $,&c.Bill* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to rte‘L revive, and further continue and amend, so much of an Act, made in the 39th and 40th year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his ■place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

man Can»l Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the a, reported. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for authorizing the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to advance a certain sum of Money, to be applied in completing the Canal, was committed;

the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. Were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

ir'ifc Militia Mr. Hawthorne, according to Order, reported from the Kportei Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, for offences committed during the time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cafes to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time

Tommorrow.

Ordered, Vhat the Order of the day, for the second Coating, reading of the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 31 ft year of His present Majesty, for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen employed in the Coasting Trade, be now read :—And the fame being read; the said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the said Bill.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Exportation 10th and nth year of King William the Third, to pre- irt°m

vent the Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdoms of be'coa^ntd. Ireland and England into Foreign Parts; and for the Encouragement; of the Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of England-, might be read:—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the permitting the Exportation of Wool and Woollen Articles from the British Plantations in America to the United Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the third Bill to coiw reading of the ingrossed Bill to continue an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for appointing Commis- Commission* sioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, eryVl* and Emoluments, which are or have been iatel3r received paBe * in the several Public Offices in Ireland therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the fame, and into the present mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for Public Money iri Ireland-, be now read :—And the fame being read;—-the said Bill was read the third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 3.1. 4. by leaving out from the word " until" to the end of the Bill, and inserting the words " six weeks " after the commencement of the next Session of Parliament," instead thereof.

And the Question being proposed, That the words proposed to be left out, stand part of the Bill;

The said proposed Amendment was, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six, and front thence until the end of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are or have been lately received in the several Public Offices in Ireland therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the fame, and into the present mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for Public Money in Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

land- Mr. Hawthorne, according to Order, reported from the s&ion" Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to pro-reported vide more effectually for securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in and on Paper printed

or stained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings or other uses, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Number of the East India Company’s India Soldiers who returned to Europe in consequence of their soldiers,y 4 term of Service being expired, during each of the years ordered* from 1788 to 1794 mclusive; also, of the Number of Recruits sent out to India by the Company during each

of those years; also, annual Returns of the Effective Strength of the Company’s European Army during the fame period.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- UnWeriities ing of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the ninth / ’ year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to restrain the Disposition of Lands, whereby the fame become unalienable," as

5 C reftrauw

374 12°—14° Junii. . 1805.

retrains Colleges within the two Uriiverfities of Oxford and Cambridge from purchasing or holding Advowsons, except as therein is provided; be now read:—And the ,v fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

Bill to amend Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Acts respect- reading of the ingrossed Bill to amend tw o Acts, of the "bws?"Wal 13th and 44th years of His present Majesty, for the more deferred. effectual execution of the Criminal Laws, and more easy apprehending and bringing to trial. Offenders escaping from one part of the United Kingdom to the other, and from one County to another; be now read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

Bill respeaing Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House Cofi'-t'off to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Chancery, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

deferred. Act to remove doubts touching appointments to certain Offices in the Court of Chancery made during the vacancy of the Office of Register, and Keeper of the Register and Regiftors in that Court; be now read :—And the fame being read;

Befolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

be directed to day proceedings in the Civil Suit, instituted by order of this House, against the said llendy Lord Viscount Melville.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Middiefe* Thursday lait, for taking into consideration, Tommorrow, cKI'*mn—

-flic Petition of George Boulton Mainio Esquire, Sir of Petition of William Gibbons, Baronet, Sir William Curtis, Baronet, Freeholder!, He?iry Thornton, Esquire, William Esquire, and delerr*d*

Samuel Pepys Cockerell, Esquire, complaining of an undue election for the said County; might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Tuesday next, at three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again font to the Parties, with Orders for their attendance accordingly.

Ordered, That all Committees have leave to fit, not- Committeo withstanding any Adjournment of the House. to fit*

The other Orders of the day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the encou'rage- Bill for the ment of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually El u0^j manning His Majesty’s Navy, be read the third time men, deferred. <.,■ Tommorrow. jtT

Debate on Ordered, That the Order of the day be now read, for wTiotionre- re^urT1'n.? the adjourned Debate upon the Amendment fpcSting Lord which was yesterday proposed to be made to the Question Melville, That Henry Lord Viscount Melville be impeached of

re ume . High Crimes and Misdemeanors; which proposed

Amendment is as followeth;. viz.

To leave out from the word " That" to the end of the Question, in order to infort these words " His Majesty’s Attorney General be directed to prosecute the " said Henry Lord Viscount for the several

" offences which appear from the said Reports to have " been committed by the said Henry Lord Viscount " Melville, and that the Attorney General be directed " to flay proceedings in the Civil Suit, instituted by " order of this House, against the livid Henry Lord " Viscount Melville,'’ inllead thereof.

And the same being read;—The House resumed the said adjourned Debate.

And the House having continued to fit till half an hour after five of the clock on Thursday morning;

And the Question being put, That the words proposed to be left out stand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Atiorefy General to prosecute.

}*95-

272.

Tellers for the Yeas, lfrhe TPU-9 (Mr. Calcraft:

Tellers fur the Noes, f Hr' ’

5 (Mr. U all ace:

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the words " His Majesty’s Attorney General be directed to prosecute the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville, for the several offences which appear from the said Reports to have been committed by the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville, and that the Attorney General be directed to flay proceedings in the Civil Suit, instituted by order of this House, against the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville " be inscried instead thereof;

The lloule divided. The Yeas went forth.

f . v fThe Earl Temple, Tellers for the ^eas, |M].

T , , , v (Mr. Lwif,

Tellers for the Noes, [Mr

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

}238. . ] 229-

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Befoheil, That His Majesty’s Attorney General be directed to prosecute the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville, for the several offences which appear, from the said Reports, to have been committed by the said Henn/ Lord Viscount Melville-, and that the Attorney General

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several nuing)CBiiiT Laws relating to the regulating the prices at which Com deferred, and Grain may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and, from Ireland to Great Britain; and to the admission to entry of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland, taken by His Majesty’s Subjects carrying on the Filliery from, and residing in, the said Island; and for reviving and continuing an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for permitting the Importation of Hides and other articles in Foreign Ships; was committed; be received Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Ireland— Parliament of Ireland, for the support of the honour and dignity of His Majesty’s Crown in Ireland, and for grant- deferred, ing to His Majesty a Civil List Establishment, under certain provisions and regulations, be read a second time Tommorrow.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve Dublin Pw-itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider commission* further of the Bill to provide for the appointing Comm if- ere Bill, sioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities or deftrred‘ Abuses which may have taken place in conducting and managing the paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin-, and to provide for tlieSuspension of the powers and authorities of the Corporation of Directors and Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets, and for veiling the fame in other persons during such Suspension; and for the better conducting and managing the business of the said Corporation.

Befolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ’

Bill to enable the Connni/fioners of the Treasury to contract with certain Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts, passed in the 37th and 42d years of His present Majesty, for granting other Annuities in lieu thereof or to pay the same off at the period therein mentioned.

* And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

u

Veneris, 14° die Junii;

Anno 45° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1805.

Prayers,

AN ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Can* Great Canford, in the County of Dorset, and in the Bill.

Town and County of the Town of Poole-, was read the pifeJ. third time.

Befolved,

45 Geo. III.

14" J\

unit.

313

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing I^aiuls in the Pftrifli of Great Can-ford, in the County of , and in the Town and

County of the Town of Poole.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Dunfermline, General Clephane reported from the Committee, to &c. Road Bill, whom the Bill for erecting Toll Bars and levying Toll report Duties on the Hoad from Dunfermline to in

the Counties of Fife and and for making a new

Turnpike Road from Saline towards the North ferry Hoad, in the said County of Fife; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to . Toport to the Mouse; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clin k’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Snaiewelt Mr. Robert Felloxves reported from the Committee, to inciofure Bill, whom the Bill for dividing and allotting Lands in the reported. par'qh of Snalcxvell, in the County of Cambridge, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once Tead throughout; and then a- feeoild time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,'That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Cherry Orton A Bill for inclosing Lands lying in the Parishes of

inciofureBU? Cherry Orton, otherwise Overtoil and

committed. ’ in the County of Huntingdon; was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord Viscount Hinchingbroolc, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Somerford A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Inclosure Bill ^e3ne!!‘> *n ^ie County of Wilts, was read a second time. committed,1 * Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Baidxein,

1 Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this After-

J noon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

LaMarche’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act * for naturalizing John Bernhard La Marche, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Petition A Petition of Samuel White, Esquire, was presented to Gloucester House, and read; taking notice of the Bill to enable and Berkeley the Company of Proprietors of the Gloucester and Berke-CanalBiU. ley Canal, to vary and alter the Line of a certain part of the said Canal, and to enable the said Company to raise a further sum of Money for carrying into execution the several Acts for making the said Canal; and setting forth. That the fame, ’.f passed into a Law in its present state,

| will be highly prejudicial to the interest of the Petitioner:

And therefore praying, That he may be heard, by himself, his counsel, or agents, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petit ioner be heard, by himself,

Voi.. Co.

his connfel, or agents, before the said Committee; upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an IhftrtiCHon to the said Committee, that they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said-Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee, have Voices.

A Bill for inclosing Lands in the Lordfltip of Manton, Mantori

otherwise Maunlon, in the County of Lincoln; was read a ?"ilo^re r , * J 3 committed,

second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Chaplin,

Sir Gilbert Heathcote, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Henderson reported from the Committee, to whom ChearUey the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chearfley, in the County of Buckingham, was committed; That the re?° Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr. Bagxvell reported from the Committee, appointed Report of to enquire into the Tolls on the Grand Canal of Ireland, w

and what measures have been adopted, or may be adopt- the ToVs^a ed, for their reduction, and to report the fame, together the Grand with their observations thereupon, to the House; That of^ the Committee had examined the matter to them referred, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report and Appendix be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved among!! the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Lord George Align fins Henry Cavendish reported from Chelmorton, the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in inciofure the Hamlets of 'Chelmortonand Flagg, in the Parish of 1 * rePorteJ’

Bakexoell, in the County of Derby; was committed; and ‘ to w hom the Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Township of Chelmorton, in the Parish of Bakexcell, in the County of Derby; and also the Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Township of Flagg, in the said Parish of Bakeuell; were severally referred-; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had. been complied with; and that the Committee had heard counsel in support of the said Petitions; and had also heard counsel in favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £. 10. 6.?. 8 \d.who refused to sign the

Bill; and also the Owners of Estates assessed at £.i. 4f. who were neuter; and that the whole of the property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is ailefled to the Land Tax at r£.$i. os. aid.); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several a . Amendments

Anderby In'cloiure Billj repeated.

Dean and Chapter of Canterbury’s r.itate Bill, committed.

Bill respecting Bankrupts entitled to Privilege of Parliament-, deferred.

Woollen Mali it facture Suf-pension Bill, deterred.

Bill to explain Acts resprfting Woolen Manufnclure, deferred.

Quorum of a 1 Committee.

37(5

14° Junii.

A. 1805.

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the I ionic; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Chaplin reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in

the County of Lincoln, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Owners of Lands and Grounds in the said Parish of Anderby; and also the Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of I/mdon, Mailers, Guardians, and Governors of the House and Hospital called Bethlem, situate without or near to Bi/kopfgate of the said City of London; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had eonlidered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the I^and Tax at 7. 17 s. 8 dwho refused to sign the Bill; and also the Owners of Estates assessed at J£. 2. 14*. 8 d.who were neuter; and that the whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed to the Land Tax at «£V63. 11 s. 10 and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, to grant a Building Lease of certain Lands in the County of Surrexj, for the term of ninety-nine years, to William

Clutton and Robert Boxall, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that purpose; was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. son. Sir William Geary, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 4th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " preventing inconveniencies arising in cases of Mer-" chants, and such other Persons as are within the de-" feription of the Statutes relating to Bankrupts, being " entitled to Privilege of Parliament, and becoming in-" solvent; and to prevent delay in the entering Appear-" anees in Actions brought against Persons having Pri-<c vilege of Parliament be read a second time upon Tuesday next.

Ordered, That the Bill to continue the operation of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to suspend Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the fame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture; be read a second time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the Bill to explain and amend several Acts concerning the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain, and for establishing certain Regulations relating thereto, be read a second time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Fra Collier, James Lloyd, Robert Mafojiy Richard Mq/bu, William Chambers, Robert

Leaper Pern/, Thomas Stjuire, Poco John Hardiman,

and John Frojl, on behalf of themselves and others, is

referred.

Mr. Wilherforcereported from the Committee, to Balnbridge

whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Bain- IncWureBi!l, bridge, and Parish of Aifgarth, in the County of was reporttd' committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to J

Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the I

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, I

and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the fa-;

tisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Land assessed to the Land Tax at j£. 9. i8r. 3 i d. who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed at j£. 111. 4^. z\d.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; -

and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Owners of Estates in the Pariflr Petition* of Church Fenton, and in the Townships and Places of Church Fenton, Little Fenton, and Biggin, in the Weft Drainage Bill Riding of the County of York: And also,

A Petition of Lucas Nicholson, of Leeds, in the County of York, Gentleman;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; ...

taking Notice of the Bill for draining and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs, within the several Parishes, Townships, and Places of .....

Bray ton, Thorp Willoughby, South

Mil forth. Sea I in Park, WijCawood, Rest 1

Park, Lennerton, Sherbnrn, Biggin, Church Fenton, Little Fenton, and Barkfion Ajfh, in the Weft:

Riding of the County of York; and setting forth.

That the fame contains divers Clauses and Provisions, which will, if carried into effect, be very prejudicial to the Petitioners; and therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves,

their counsel, or agents, against such parts of the ' [

said Bill as may assess them. "

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the eonlideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and the Petitioners are to be heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, be-. fore the said Committee, upon their Petitions, ,'

if they think fit. I

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit counsel to be heard, at the 17

fame time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said:

Petitions.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for making and keep- Sheffield* *• ing in repair, a Carriage Road, to branch out of the

Turnpike Road leading from Sheffield to at the

Township of Wadjley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join, in the Township of in the said

Riding, the Turnpike Road leading from Doncafer to Salter’s Brook; be read the third time upon Monday next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Stratford and The Lord*

Mr. Cox: hare agreed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill to amend to amend an Act, made in the ninth year of King George

the

45 Geo. III.

14 Jun

377

the First, for amending the Laws relating to the settle- to be settled to the ufft of the will of the said James

■ N;viea-

i iiiU.

:b, Sec. nil Debts

Sill.

umnev

iilU*

rock port rloiure, &c. Bill.

inent, employment, and relief of the Poor, so far as the fame re speCls* Contracts to be entered into for the maintenance and employment of the Poor; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Bail lie; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to- acquaint this The Lords House, That the Lords do give leave to the Earl Si. cent, to come to the Select Committee, to whom the fe- cent to attend for the better preservation, and further improvement, of Veral Papers presented to this House, relating to the Re- a Committee, the Navigation of the River Lee, in the Counties of Hert- pairs of His Majesty’s ships the Romney and,

ford, Essex, and Middlesex; without any Amendment: while under the’.command of Sir Home are re-

And also, ferred, to examine into the several matters contained

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act therein relative to the said Repairs, and to the proceed-for the more speedy and easy Recovery of Small Debts iutrs of the Admiralty and Navy Boards, and of the Com-in the City of Bath, and the Liberties thereof, and in the mi(boners of Naval Enquiry, thereupon; and also to enquire into the circumstances attending the publication of the Report of the Navy Board, dated 20th February 1804, and into the loss of certain Vouchers and Documents on which that Report w as framed; and also into the circumstances attending the impressing of Mr. David Earn and to report the fame, together

several Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset \without any Amendment: And

also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge over that part of the River Romney which divides the Parish of Rumney, in the County of

Monmouth, and the Parish of Roath, in the County of with their Observations thereupon, to the House; and

ecu! ton xiolurt Bill.

yerijreen

.Moor

icioiUi'e Bill.

rcr.ltam, See. :cLnure Bill*

few Aires-)b 1 Inclosure Bill.

Tirtfiifield, c. Inclol'ure Bill.

tnnet and von Canal 11, with an Tiendment.

Glamorgan; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, and felling or disposing of the Common Lands and Waste Grounds in the Manor, Barony, Town, and Township of Stockport, in the County Palatine of Chester, and for applying the Money to arise thereby lor the benefit of the Poor of the said Town; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosingLands in the Parish of in the County of Norfolk; w ithout any Amendment: And all’o,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townshipx of and

Old Park, in the County of Durham; without any Amendment: And also, -

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Great Fro nth am. Little Fran/ham, and North Pin the County of Norfolk; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of New Aire ford, in

who were empowered to examine into the Expenditure and Purchase of all Stores for the use of the said. Ships— in order to he examined at that Committee as a witness, respecting the Orders given by the Admiralty to the Navy Board to enquire into the Expenc< s of the Romney and Sensible while under the command of Sir Home Pop-ham; as is defil ed; if his Lordship thinks fit: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this The Lords House, That the Lords, not being sufficiently informed, delye intor-by the Message from this House, of the 28th of May last, fyeftk^the upon what grounds, and for what purposes, the Com- Attendance mens did d < fire that their Lordftnps would give leave to the T.ord President of the Council, the Earl of Bucking- Committee. ham.shire, and the Earl St. Vincent, to come to the Select Committee of this House, to whom the Eleventh Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry ;—respecting the I H ue of Navy Bills for the purpose of railing money—

Loss arising from the mode of paying the Interest on Navy and Transport Bills—and Money imprested by the Navy Board for Secret Naval Services (except so far as the fame relates to circumstances connected with the

ningfiam,

Indt Cure 1, with uiuiments.

? Lords

€ passed

Hilate

lb!,

the County of Southampton; w ithout any Amendment: lflUfc of £. 100,0.00 for Secret Naval Services), is referred.

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Thre/hfield and Skierf horns and Burnfal, in the West Riding of the County of York, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the B;li, intituled, An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Kennct and Avon Canal Navigation, to complete the same, and for altering and enlarging the powers of the several Acts passed for making the said Canal; with an Amendment;, to which Amendment the Lords deft re the concurrence of this I Ioufe: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Brining!tarn, Stody,

and Brinton, in the County of Norfolk; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

to examine the matter thereof, and report the fame, as it ilia.ll appear to them, to the House—in order to be examined at that Committee; do desire this House to inform them of the fame.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer to that The House part of the said Message which relates to the Lord Prefi- Wl11 fe"d dent of the Council, the Earl of Buekingha mshire, and the Answer*

Earl St.Vincent, by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith :—And then they again withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Smith’s Eftat* for investing in Thomas Roper, of Street in BlU>read>

the City of London, Builder, a Messuage with the Appurtenances, in Little Saint Helens, in the said City of

gain’s >rcc Bill.

The Lords have passed a Bill, int ituled, An Act forveft- Jjmdon, the Eiiate of Mary Smith, an Infant, and for ap ing in Thomas Roper, of Bishopsga fe Street in the City of London, Builder, a Messuage, with the Appurtenances, in Little Saint Helens, in the said City of Ixmdon, the Estate of Mary Smith, an Infant, and for applying the purchase Money for the fame in the manner therein directed; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to distblve the Marriage of William Linghain the younger, with Eliza Linghamhis now wife, and to enable him to

marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned; from the file thereol in the purehale of other Heredita-

plying the purchase Money for the fame in the manner therein directed.; was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a fecund time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bullies for vesting the Manikin House and Land called Eltat^ Bl'4>

Grove, in the County of Middlesex (part of the Estates rea ’ deviled by the will of James Baillie, Esquire,) in Trustees,

upon trust, to sell the same, under the directions of the Court of Chancery, and to apply the Money arising

Hit’s e Bill,

meats, to be settled to the uses of the will of the said James Baillie; was rend the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a l’econd time.

The House was moved, That an Act, passed in the Bill to amend 4id year of His present Majesty, for consolidating the Land Tax provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption Aty ordered, and Sale of the Land T ax, into one Act, and for making

to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House:

And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Maufion House and I.and, called Ealing

Grove, in the County of Middlesex (part of the Estates

deviled by the will of James Baillie, Esqiure,) in I rultoes, upon trust, to sell the same, under the directions of the Court of Chancery, and to apply the Money arising from the sale thereof in the purchase of other Hereditaments, further Provision for the Redemption and Sale thereof; VOL. 60. 5 D and

378

1 $ , Junit.

A. 1805.

Consideration of Report of Camberwell, &c. Waterworks Bill, deferred.

and for removing doubts respecting the right of persons claiming to vote at Elections for Knights of the Sijire, and other Members to serve in Parliament, in respect to Meflitages, Lands, or Tenements, the Land Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchasedj might be read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render more effectual the said Act: And that the Lord Glenbcrvie, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Bill for supplying the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Giles Camberwell, and parts of the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, and several other Parities and Places in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, with Water, was committed, be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

1. 20. I. 24. J 34-

L 8.

I.18.

l37-

'• 5-1. 21.

34* 1.32.

Committee an London Port Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to authorize the advancement of further sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for completing the Canal and other Works directed to be made by an Act, passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of London."

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Combe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Combe reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

After * a," to insert " Judge or." After "said," to insert "Judge or." After " Recognizance," to insert " or " Bail Bond.",

Pr. 4. 1. 2. After " Recognizance," to insert " or " Bail Bond."

After " Recognizance," to insert " or " Bail Bond."

After " said," to insert " Judge or." After "the," to insert "Judgeor."

Pr. 5. I. After " such," to insert "Judgeor." After " any," to insert " Judge or." After " the," to insert "Judgeor."

Pr. 6.1 . 32. After " the," to insert " Judge or."

And the said Amendments w ere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill w as amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend two Acts, of the 13th and 44th years of His present Majesty, for the more effectual execution of the Criminal Laws, and more easy apprehending and bringing to trial Offenders escaping from one part of the United Kingdom to the other, and from one County to another.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lbrds, and desire their concurrence.

Redcmptioi

a a.

prefen fed.

Bill to amend Acts respecting Criminal Laws, passed.

The Lord Glenbervie presented to the House, accord- b,u t’oamcna ing to Order, a Bill to amend, and render more eft'eftual, Tax an Act, passed in the 42d year of His present Majesty’s reign, for consolidating the provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax into one Act: And the fame wras received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a lecoud time upon Monday next.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant Returns re-to their Orders,

General Return of the number of Men who have volunteered from the several regiments of Militia in Great

tefing to the Army, patented.

Ordered, That the Bill to amend two Acts, of the 3th and 44th years of His present Majesty, for the more into the regular Army and Royal Marines, under

ffeftual execution of the Criminal Lows, and more easy the Act of Parliament passed 10th April 1805: And

apprehending and bringing to trial Offenders escaping from one part of the United Kingdom to the other, and from one County to another; be now read the third time: —The said Bill w as accordingly read the third time.

An ingrossed Clanfe was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder; declaring that no Warrant shall be acted upon, without proof of the Judges signature.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder; that Courts shall not proceed against Persons making default, unless it be proved, that expences have been offered.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder; for limiting the operation of Warrants in certain cases.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 2. 1. 11. After " the," to insert After " such," to insert After " such," to insert After " Recognizance,"

Bail Bond."

After " Recognizance," to insert " or " Bail Bond."

1. 12. After " Recognizance,’

" Bail Bond."

After " Recognizance,

" Bail Bond."

also,

Return of the total effective Strength of the British. Army at home and abroad on the ift May 1805: And also,

Return of Men raised under the Additional Force Bill, from 1 ft January to 30th April 1805: And also.

Return of the number of Recruits raised by the ordinary mode of recruiting, from the ift of January to the 1 ft of May 1805: And also,

Return of the Deaths, Discharges, and Desertions, which have taken place in the Army at home, from the ift January to the ift May 1805.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Returns be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Returns are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Jpptndu,

(No. 15.)

I.23.

35-

37-

Pr. 3. 1. 7.

1.

14.

" Judge or."

" Judge or."

" Judge or." to insert " or to insert " or to insert " or

A Petition of sundry Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others, veterinary Subscribers to an Institution called the Veterinary -le"e, was presented to the House; and read; setting ^presentT* forth. That in pursuance of the Plan stated to the House, Petition, in a Petition by them on the 6th of February 1795, their exertions have been continued to carry into effect the several beneficial purposes proposed to be derived from the establishment of a College for the studv and practice of Veterinary science; and that the Petitioners have again, with respect, to llate, that under the heavy proflure of debt., of which an account is before the House, and from the present inadequacy of their income, arising from Voluntary Contributions, to defray the various charges attendant on it, without further aid from Parliament, it will be impossible to bring to perfection an Establishment, which, from the advantages the more skillul care of lb important a

branch

accruing from

45 Geo. III.

14° Ju

379

Leave given.

petition,

prdented.

branch of Public Property as the Horses of the Army, is become more than ever an object of national importance; and that the Petitioners were unable to obtain His Majesty’s Recommendation before the latest day appointed by the Ilonfe for receiving private Petitions had elapsed: And therefore praying. That they may have leave to present a Petition for further relief.

Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular circumstances set forth in the said Petition, leave be given to present a Petition, as desired.

Then a Petition of the said several Persons being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Bose, by His Majesty’s command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; containing the fame Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying for such relief as to the House tliall seem meet.

Militia Offi-ti rs Pay Bill,

presented.

Bill to prevent

the tarrying away of B:irk> committed.

Committee on Dublin Paving, &c. Commissioners Kill,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re* supply, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- deferred; fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Bill to amend whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made respea-in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, for granting onFishlnUe* Bounties for taking and bringing Fith to the Cities of deferred. London and Westminster, and other places in the United Kingdom, was committed; be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, Committee oa resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to importation consider of permitting the Importation of Goat Skins in Foreign Khips, on payment of the like Duties as if imported

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, in British or ships.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, accord- Orde, That there be laid before this House, a Return of ing to Order, a Bill to empower His Majesty to retain Return of the effective strength of the Garrison and Ve- Garrisonand upon Full Pay and Allowances, Officers of the Militia teran Battalions, on the ift of May 1805. VeteranBatu-

during the War, notwithstanding the Reduction: And the ' °n*>0 ertd*

The Order of the day being read, for the House to ifleofMan resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Trade Bill, the Bill for regulating and encouraging the Trade, for deferred-the improvement of the Revenue, and prevention of Smuggling to and from the Isle of Man

Refo, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

fame was received •, and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent the illegally carrying away Bark; and for amending two Acts, passed in the 6th and 9th years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the preservation of Timber Trees, Underwoods, Roots, Shrubs, Plants, Hollies, Thorns, and Quick lets; be now read a second time read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for defraying the Militia P»y C harge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Bill, paired. The said Bill was accordingly Britain, for the year 1805; be now read the third time:

0 —The said Bill was accordingly read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats: Avfd that the Title be.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain, for the year 1805.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to provide for the appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities or Abuses which may have taken place in conducting and managing the paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin; and to provide for the Suspen-fion of the powers and authorities of the Corporation of Directors and Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets, and for veiling the fame in other persons during such Suspension; and for the better conducing and managing the business of the said Corporation, be now read :■—And the fame being read; —The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Alexanderreported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Lotteries Bill, Majesty, afumof Money to be raised by Lotteries; be now read the third time:—The said Bill was accordingly read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a sum of Money to be raised by lotteries.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for making Allow- Militia Suball ances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia ter5s Bill, in Great Britain while disembodied; be now read the p ed* third time:—The said Bill was accordingly read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

Ordered, That Mr Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for defraying the iruh Militia

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday' Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Bay.Bill

vf /.iii./ . fV. *. 1 illil 1 nir f11 kiicli \Tortiol nn Qarlaant Xtn.iv-i. PlUCd.

H for the icourage-■nt of Sea.

n> deferred,

next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for the encouragement of Seamen, and for the belter and more effectually manning His Majesty’s Navy, be now read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

ys and

kuh,

Tied.

land; for bolding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, paB Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace; be now read the third time:—The said Bill was accordingly' read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for defraying, until the twenty-fifth day of March

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- one thousand eight hundred and six, the Charge of the solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding fider further-of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, granted to His Majesty; and Drummers, for Offences committed during the time

Von 60.

380 14° Junii. A. 1805.

such Militia flia.ll not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ireland— Ordered, That the ingross'ed Bill to provide more Coste£Hon*S efte6tually for securing the Collection of the Duties on Bill, paired. Paper made in Ireland, and on Paper printed or stained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings or other uses; be now read the third time:—The said Bill was accordingly read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

, An Act to provide more effectually for securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and on Paper printed or stained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings or other uses.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Militia Adju- Ordered, That the ingross'ed Bill to revive and further tants.&c.Bill, continue and amend, so much of an Act, made in the 39th paneJ' and 40th year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament; be now read the third time:— The said Bill was accordingly read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to revive, and further continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, and amend so much of an Act, made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Questions The House was moved, That the Tenth Report of tire Pr'viousNeg. Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, respecting the Office advancing of* of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, which w as pre-£.40,000 to fented to the House upon the 13th day of February lafi; & Co? Boytl ndght be read:—And the fame was read.

The House was also moved, That the Report which, upon the 27th day of May lall, was made from the Select Committee, to whom the said Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Navy Enquiry was referred, to enquire into the application of any Monies issued to the Treasurer of the N avy for Navai Services to purposes not Naval, and w hether any and what representations w'ere made to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’sTrea-fury, or the Chancellor of the Exchequer, reflecting the withdrawing from the Bank any films of Money so issued iiiice the passing of the Act of 25 Geo. III. c. 31.; and also, into the proceedings had for the recovery oftlie Debt due to the Crown by the late Adam might be

, read :—And the fame being mad;

' A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That in September 1796, Mollis. Boyd, lien field, & Co. being then Contractors for two Loans in the progress of payment, did represent to the Right honourable

Pitt and the Right honourable Ijord Vifcoimt Melville, their inability to make good an Instalment, falling due on the gth day of September 1796', on account of the general embarrassinents at that time aflecting both Public and Private Credit, and the particular line of conduct adopted at the Bank, of limiting their accommodations in the way of Discount;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer was hoard in his place ;—and having withdrawn;

And the previous Question being put, Tint that Question he now put;—It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Qtteliion being proposed, 'Hint the Right honourable 11'illi am being imprefJed,

as fiated by him, witii the belief of the importance anil urgent necessity, with a iiew to essential public interests, of granting relief to the said Mollis. Ben field,

Co. for the purposes of making good the said Infialnient; and no other means fuggeiiing themselves, by which

much public mischief might be prevented; and having understood from the Right honourable Lord Viscount Melville, the Treasurer of the Navy, that the sum of Jf. 40,000, which, together with other linns, had been issued from the Exchequer, and placed to the credit of the said Lord Viscount Melville, at the Bank of England, as Treasurer of the Navy, for Navy Services, might be spared without inconvenience, provided unquestionable securities wrere obtained for the repayment of the fame within a short period; did consent to the advance of the sum of £. 40,000, which had been issued for Navy Services as aforesaid, to the said House of Boyd,

Co.;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;—It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.

That it appears to this House, that fuflieient Securities ■were produced for the re-payment of the said sum of jf. 40,000; that it was afterwards repaid by instalments, the lall of which was received in January 1798; and that no Interest wras paid thereon by the said Messrs.

Boyd, Benfield, & Co.;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;—It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.

That no memorandum or entry of any kind of the said transaction appears to have been preferr ed; and that no act of Indemnity for the persons concerned in such transaction has been obtained;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be mnv put;—It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being propos'd.

That the advance of Jf. 40,000. out of Monies which had been appropriated by Parliament for Navy Services, to assist the House of Messrs. Bond, Benfield, & Co. as fiated in the preceding Resolutions, was contrary to law, and (even if expedient) might, unless noticed by this House, establish a precedent tending to Abuses of the most dangerous nature;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the word " That," to the end of the Question, in order to add these words, " the rriea-" fare of advancing Jl. 40,000. to Meliks. & Co.

" upon unquestionable securities, which have been re-" gularly discharged, was adopted for the purpose of " avertingconsequences which might have proved highly " injurious to the Financial and Commercial Interests " of the Country, and, although not conformable to law,

" appeared at the time to he called for, by the peculiar " exigencies of Public Adairs," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the words proposed to be left out, Hand part of the Question;—It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the words " the " meal'ure of advancing £. 40, oto Messrs. Boyd & " Co. upon unquestionable securities, which have been

"regularly discharged, was adopted for the purpose of " averting consequences which might have proved highly " injurious to the Financial and Commercial Interefis " of the Country, and, although not conformable to " law-, appeared at the time to be called for by the " peculiar exigencies of Public Aftairs," be added instead thereof;—It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That the meal’ure of advancing- Resolumm

to Messrs. Boyd & Co. upon unquestionahie securities, which have hern regularly discharged, was adopted for £.40,000. the purpose of averting consequences which might have proved highly injurious to the Financial and Commercial Interefis oftlie Country, and, although not conformable to law, appeared at the time so be called for by the peculiar exigencies of Public Affairs.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnity indemnify all Persons concerned in advancing 40,000. to Messrs. Brt/d, Benfield, k Company, in 1 ~vfi\ out of v,(,ced to Monies blued for Naval Services: And that Mr. Henry Lafccllrs, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General,

Mr. Whitbread, Mr. Fox, anil Lord V ifcount do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

12 The

45 Geo. III.

20° yunii.

401

American Wool Exportation Bnl»

Gloucester and Bcr^CiCy Canal Biilj reported.

Mr. Rofc presenteil to the House, according to Order,

a Bill to permit the Exportation of Wool from the Plantations in America to the United Kingdom: And the fame was received; and read the tirft time.

Refold'd, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Admiral Berkeley reported from the Committee, to

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said itpwted; Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill for

whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of enabling His Majesty to grant a certain Creek, called

Wool] fit Goo»k Exportation Bill, conduit ted.

Chelfon Bay, in or near the Parish of PlymptonSaint Mary, in the County of Devon, and for veiling the fame, for a valuable consideration, in the Right honourable John Lord Boring don, and his heirs.

And Mr. Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave he given to bring in a Bill for enabling His Majesty to grant a certain Creek called Chelfon Bay, in or near the Parish of Plympton Saint Mary, in the County of Devon, and for veiling the fame, for a valuable consideration, in the Right honourable John Lord Boringdon, and his heirs: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. St urges Bourne, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury to contract with certain Proprietors of Stock, created by two Acts passed in the 37th and 4 d years of His present Majesty, for granting other Annuities in lieu thereof, or to pay the same off at the period therein mentioned; be now read:—And the fame being read ;—The said Bill was read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury to contract with certain Proprietors of Stock, created by two

the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal, to vary and alter the

Line of a certain part of the said Canal, and to enable the said Company to raise a further sum of Money for carrying into execution the several Acts for making the said Canal; was committed; amf to whom the Petition of Samuel While, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; together with a List of the names of the Persons who have afi'ented or didented in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, Thai the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for repealing the Duty c hargeable on Woollen Goods, of the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to the East Indies; he now read ;—And the fanie being ’-cad ;—The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. ^ v iHrwto w u

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Ae;s passed in the thirty-seventh and forty-second "years of the whole House. of His present Majesty, for granting other Annuities in

lieu thereof, or to pay the same off at the period therein mentioned.

Bill ordered,

Loyalty Loan paiTtd.

Li Marche's Nat. Bill,

vWinity

Bill,

emitted.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve it fell' into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Bernhard La , was read a

second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Admiral Berkeley, Sir John William Anderfan, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to indemnify all Persons concerned in advancing jC.40,000 to MefiVs. Boyd, Ben/ield, and Company, in 1796, out of Monies issued for Naval Services; be now read:—And the fame being read ;—The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the hole I Ionfe.

Refilled, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Bill to amend ing of the ingrossed Bill to rectify a mistake in the name Aa to »p-of one of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, passed ^iffionerTo in the present Session of Parliament, for appointing Com- Public*^ °& missioners to enquire into the P.ublic Expenditure, and Fxixr'diture, the conduct of Public Business, in the Military Depart- passe'L ments therein mentioned; be now read :—And the fame being read ;—The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tiile be.

An Act to rectify a mistake in the name of one of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Public Expenditure, and the conduct of Public Business, in the Military Departments therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

ifyite The House being informed, that "Mr. Pritzler, Secrc-^"r tary to the Trustees for Ramsgate Harbour, attended at tivred. the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

Ramsgate Harbour Trull Account, from the 24th June 1803 to the 24th June 1804. v

And then he withdrew :—And the Title was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

linff on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to <n°Ly rf?f°l're itself into a Committee of the whole House, to '<1. consider of the Report, which was yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right honourable John Lord Boringdon, was referred; be now read :—And the fame being read ;—The House resolved 'itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Vol. 60.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into Consideran further consideration, the Report from the Committee of of Report the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of w!bemS an Act, made in the 38th year of His present Majesty, for w. ale the further encouraging the Souihe ni Whale Fulleries; be now read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered fThat the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day,'for the Lloufe to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to importation consider of Duties payable on importation of Straw Platt, deferred Katt’ and any Wares made of the fame; be now read:—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Bill to amend solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ^orn Aa> the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last "eferre<i-

5 K Session

402

20° J

A. 1805.

Report

Supply.

African

Forts.

Veterinary

College.

Baird of Agriculture.

Co.i/Hng Trade Bill, deferred.

Crinan Canal Bill, pa/fed.

Middlesex Election*— Consideration of Petition of Freeholders, deferred.

(’ommittee on Drilling Suir.ts lor Exportation.

Session of Parliament, to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to confulerfurther of the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Eighteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting the Forts and Set-

tlements on the Coast of Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding One thousand five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to he applied in support of an In dilution called The Veterinary College, for the year 1805.

Befolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Board of Agriculture, for the service of the year 1805.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 31ft year of His present Majesty, for the better regulation and government of Seamen employed in the Coasting Trade, was committed; be now read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrafted Bill for authorizing the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to advance a certain sum of Money, to be applied in completing the C? 'inan Canal; be now- read:—And the fame being read; The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for authorizing the Commidinners of His Majesty’s Treasury in Great Britain to advance a certain sum of Money,' to be applied in completing the Crinan Canal.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do cariy the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon Monday last, for taking into confuleration. Tommorrow, the Petition of George Boulton Eftjuire, Sir

William Gibbon'!, Baronet, Sir William Curtis, Baronet, Heniy Thornton, Esquire, William Elijuire, and

Samuel Pepys Cockerell, Esquire, complaining of an un-

due Election for the said County; might he read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Monday next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again font to the Parties, with Orders for their attendance according^,

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of regulating the distilling of Spirits in England for exportation to Scotland, and in Scotland for exportation to England, and for better securing the Duties payable thereon; be now read :—And the fame being read;—The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Robert Dundastook the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

ATr. Robert Dundas reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will pleaseto receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Dundas accordingly reported from the said Com- reported mittee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the distilling of Spirits in England for exportation to Scotland, and in Scotland for exportation to

England;and for better securing the Duties payable thereon.

And Mf. Dundas moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for re- Bill ordered gulating the distilling of Spirits in England for exportation to Scotland, and in Scotland for exportation to England yanH for better securing the Duties payable thereon:

And that Mr. Dundas, Mr. Hujkiffon, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to ^committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider so much of an Act, made in the 43d year of His tation^" present Majesty, as charges Duties on the importation Cochineal, of Cochineal; be now read:—And the fame being read;

—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Robert Dundas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Robert Dundas reporter! from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the Lloufe will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Woollen reading of the Bill to continue the operation of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to suspend Pro- Bill, ceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, commuted, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the fame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture; be now read:—

And the lame being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.

That the said Bill be now read a second time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the w ord " now," and at the end of the Question to add the words " upon this day three " Alonths."

And the Question being proposed. That the word " now," stand part of the Question;

The said proposed Amendment was, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of several Clothiers of the Coimtv of York, Pi-titim* the Cloth workers of York, Wilts, and ^f3

ter, and the I nip or tors of Wilts and Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the said Bill; and setting forth. That, if the fame should pass into a law, it will prove highly injurious to the Petitioners and others engaged in the said Manufactures:

o o

And therefore praying, That they may he heard by their counsel, agents, or witnesses, against the said Bill, and that the fame may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners he then heard, by their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Mr.

Accounts of Exchequer Bills, ^relented.

Appendix,

(No. 66.)

Committee on Bill to amend Land Tax Redemption

Atf.

Ireland-* Committee on Bill to amend Civil Lilt Act.

Fiimate for

Remuneration Public Oncers in Ireland, prefemed.

Appendix,

(No. 23.)

Returns,

pre'.euted.

Rendons.

Salaries.

Warrants of Exchequer in fortland.

45 Geo. IIL 20 n Jun, 403

Mr. Hujkiffbn presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account shewing the amotmt of Exchequer Bills issued per Act 44 Geo. III. cap. 45. intituled, "An Act

" for raising the sum of £. 8,000,000, by I-oans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great for the

" year 1804," outstanding and unprovided for: And also,

An Account shewing the amount of Exchequer Bills iiTiiedper Act 44 Geo. III. cap. 46. intituled, "An Act " for raising the Ann of JC. 1,500,000, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the " year 1804," ontstanding and unprovided for.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do he upon the Table.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the 4id year of Mia present. Majofry’s Reign, for consolidating the provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, into one Act; be now road :—And the fame being read j—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumod the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; winch they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, for the support of the honour and dignity of TI is Majesty’s Crown in Ireland, and fir granting to His Majesty a Civil List Establilliment, under certain provisions and regulations; be now read:—And the fame being read;—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, whotvthe House. will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Fofler presented to the House, by His Majesty’s command :—An Eliimate of the Sums necessary for the remuneration of several Public Ofticers in Ireland for their extraordinary trouble in the year 1805 :—And the Title was rear!.

Ordered, That the said Estimato do lie upon the Table.

The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Mr. HuJkiJJbn presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all the Pensions granted by the Crown, between ill May 1804 and ill April 1803: And also.

Copies of all Sign Manuals, Writs of Privy Seal, Letters Patent, and Kang's Warrants, hv which Additions have been made to the Salaries of any public Officers during the years 1804 and 1805: And also,

An Account of the Monies paid under Warrants, or Precepts, of the Barons of the Exchequer, directed to the Receiver General of Customs and Salt, to the Commissioners or Cashier of Excise, or to the Receiver of Land Rents and Revenues \w Scotland, from 31ft December 1797 to the latest period to which the fame can be made up, towards discharging such Fees, Salaries, and Allowances, as have no relation to the Judicial Establilliment; speeilying the date of each Warrant, the authority by which the fame was issued, the person in whole favour it

Vol. 60.

was drawn, the purpose for which it was drawn, and the sum paid by authority thereof; and distinguishing whether the said Monies were paid out of His Majesty’s Revenues, or out of any of the Branches of the Public Revenue in the general Customs and Excise: And also,

An Account of His Majesty’s hereditary and reserved Hereditary Revenues in Scotland-, distinguishing the several branches ,n

of which they consist, and Hating the annual Receipts on each branch, from the 31ft December 1782 to the latest period to which the fame can be made out: And also,

An Account of His Majesty’s hereditary and reserved Revenues under the Receipt of the Receiver General for Scotland; distinguishing the several branches of which they consist, for the years 1783 and 1804, and intervening years: And also,

An Account of His Majesty’s hereditary and reserved v Revenues under the management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, commonly called New Subsidy; Hating the annual Receipt from the 31st of December 1782 to the loth of October 1803, being the latest period to which the fame can be made up: And also,

An Account of Money paid into the Receivers General of the Customs in Scotland upon account of Fines and Forfeitures, from 31ft December 1782 exclusive to 10th October 1804 inclusive, being the latest period to which the fame can be made up: And also,

An Account of His Majesty’s hereditary and reserved Revenues in Scotland; distinguishing the several branches of which they consist, and dating the annual Receipt in each branch from 5th July 1782 to 5th July 1804: And also.

An Account specifying such Arrears of Land Rents, Land Rent?, or other annual Revenues of the Crown in Scotland., as ,*^dln Scot' have been settled or discharged otherwise than by actual payment of the fame, from the 31ft December 1782:

And also.

An Account of the Grants that have been made to Grant* of D*. Subj efts, during the reign of His present Majesty, of Land Rents, Biffiopric Rents, or other branches of His Majesty’s hereditary and reserved Revenues in Scotland:

And also,

An Account of all Pensions that have been charged upon His Majesty’s Civil List Establishment in Scotland Scotland."1 since the last Order of the House of 5th of June 1801; specifying the times when granted, and the Persons to whom they are or may be payable: And also.

An Account of all Monies issued by the Receiver Ge- Monies issued neral of Land Rents and Revenues in Scotland since the ("n^Trca-31ft December 1797, to the latest period to which the fury Orders, lame can be made up, in pursuance of Orders from the &:c' Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or under any other authority than that of W arrants from the Barons of Exchequer: And also.

An Account of all Monies that have been issued by the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland since the 31st December 1797, to the latest period to which the fame can be made up, in pursuance of Orders from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or under any other authority than that of Warrants from the Barons of Exchequer: And also,

An Account of all Monies issued by the Receiver General of Customs in Scotland since the 3 ill December 1797, to the latest period to which the fame can be made up, in pursuance of Orders from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or under any other authority than that of Warrants from the Barons of Exchequer.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, li'bwt the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to Appendix, this Volume. (No. 67.)

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Ways and

JMtrwis

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in 1 at.

404

20" Junii.

A. 1805.

Surplus sf Con iolidatecl Fund.

Surplus of Grunts.

at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Re/b'vcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That toward^ Hiding the Supply granted to His Majesty, there he ifltud and applied the sum of Four Millions, out of the Monies that shall arise of the surplus of the Consolidated Fund.

Ref deed, That it istlieOpinionof thisComniittee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the sum of One Million one hundred ninety-two thousand one hundred and fifteen Pounds nineteen dullings and eleven pence halfpenny, being the surplus of the Grants for the year 1804.

The said Resolutions being several I v read a second

time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to determined by the House.

O y

Ordered, That a Hill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Lovuine, Lord Vifcoimt Fitz-harris, Mr. Long, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Sturges Bourne, and Mr. Hujkifjbn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Fees of Officers of the Customs, and of Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in Nezofoundland; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees therein named to erect and build a Eiiate &u. new Bridge over the River Avon, on the North-west side of the Manor of Bath Wick, in the County of Smnerfet, to communicate with tin' Parish of JValcof, and the Road from the City of Bath to London; and also to raise a sufficient sum of Money for that purpose, by a charge on the Trust Estates of the late General Pulteney; to which the I^ords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the first Bill read time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a iecoml time.

The Lords have agreed to

Lotteries Bill.

The Yeas went forth.

Spanish Wine Duties Bill.

Militia Pay Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepjjx and Mr. Simeon:

\X r Speaker

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An ' UisM^fty is engaged; for granting to His Majesty a sum of Money, to be raised 1 he "ou e f lVK e( -by Lotteries; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on SpanijhRed Wine imported into Great Britain; without any Amendment; and also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five; without any Amendment: And also.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Motion for That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, praying, that He will be graciously pleased not to pro-. rogue His Parliament until He dial] have been enabled to afford to this 1 Ioufemore full information, with respect both to His Majesty’s relations with Foreign Powers, and to His views and profpc&s in the conteil in which

Tellers for the Yeas,

{Mr. Calc raft,

y\fr SHmillr

Mr. Smith, f zvich:

■i

of Kor-> iio.

rr, /. , XT f Mr. Secretary at War, > c

.Tellers for the Noes, < , n •/r'7 > 201.

’ I Mr. Ilujkiffon: j

So it passed in the Negative.

Militia Adjutants, See. Bill.

T1 ie Order of the day being read, for the Hoiffe to Committ* on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act fider of the Report which was yesterday made from the Harbour, to revive, and further continue, until the twenty-fifth Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, .<ktcrred-day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, and Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, was amend so much of an Act, made in the thirty-ninth and referred; ,

And the House having continued to fit till half an hour after two of the clock on Friday’morning;

Resolved, That this House will, this day, resolve itself into the said Committee.

rixi

Militia Subalterns Bill.

Irish Militia Pay Bill.

Bill to continue Irfh Fees, Sec. Commission-trs A6L

Expiring Laws (perpetual) Bill*

fortieth year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while difeni-bodied; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for defraying until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, the charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six, and from thence until the end of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are or have been lately received in the several Public Offices in Ireland therein ment oned, to examine into any Abuses which may exifi in the fame, and into the present mode of receiving, col-left ng, bluing, and accounting for Public Money in Ireland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Thirds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making perpetual, and amending, several Laws for encouraging the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, and securing the Duties on Foreign Sail Cloth imported, and for making perpetual several Laws for permitting the Exportation of a certain quantity of Corn and Grain to Gite.njh> Jerfeij, and Alderney, and for regulating the

A Bill to amend several Acts passed in the Parliament Ireland— of Ireland, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into com^Kon the LolTes of such of His Majesty’s loyal subjects as have to i^yaiue, fullered in their property during the Rebellion in Ireland; ‘Committed, and for other purposes in the said Acts mentioned; was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

R Bolted, I hat this House will, this dav, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to MilimOffi-resolve its?If into a Committee of the whole House, upon 9

the Bill to empower His Majesty to retain upon Full Pay and Allowances Officers of the Militia, dining the War, notwithstanding the Reduction;

Resolved, That this House will, this day, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to Commies on

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ?q-°.rt re~‘.

fpctting Pit—

consider of the Report which, upon the 5th day of April ctu.-d Flfoery, last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Peti- deferred. tion of several principal Adventurers in the Pilchard Fishery, was referred;

Resolved, That this House will, this day, resolve itself into the said Committee.

S'

The Order of the day being read, for the third reading Sheffield, of the ingrossed Bill for making, and keeping in repair, a K°,d &ll> Carriage Road, to branch out of the Turnpike Road detv, K '

# leading

45 Geo. lit. 17° fttiiii.

885

the said Harbour tvill coir an additional sum of 30,000. and to complete it, so far as to allow a Ship or Vessel to be moored therein, will coil a sum of 20,000.; and that one-half of the Dock Duties was, bjr the said Act of the 39th year of His present Majesty, authorized to be levied as soon as the foundation-llone of the first Dock was laid, and a Contract entered into for finishing it in a reasonable time, and the full Rates and Duties as soon as the Dock and Lock should be finished and completed, as to admit a Ship or Vessel to be moored therein; and that if the first Dock and Lock were completed, the Petitioners will be entitled to levy the full Rates and Duties, by the said Act of the 39th year of His present Majesty; but, on account of the present ft ate of the Country, the Petitioners cannot obtain from Individuals the Loan of the Money necessary for that purpose; and that the Petitioners some time ago presented a Memorial to the Lords of the Treasury, bating that £.21,000. had arisen from Grants of the Parliament o prior to the Union, and praying that they might be accommodated with a Loan of it, and the interest due thereon, at the legal rate of interest, for the purpose of completing the Wet Dock and Lock at Leith, but it has been lately found, that such Loan cannot be granted without the authority of Parliament: And that the time being elapsed for presenting Petitions for private Bills, the Petitioners therefore pray, That leave may be given to present a Petition for the purposes aforesaid.

Leave given. Ordered, That, in consideration of the particular circumstances set forth in the said Petition, lea\e be given to present a Petition as desired.

Petition, Then a Petition of the said Lord Provost, Mag id rates, picieuted. an(j Council, of the City of Edinburgh, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Bose, by His Majesty’s command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; containing the fame Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying. That leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Hia.ll appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Robert Mr. Aber-

cromby, &c.: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for perl’ons, papers, and records.

Power* to Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition

BnoftMu-0* of the Trustees of the B which was prefer Petition. fented to the House upon the 5thday of this inflaut J une, is referred; have Power to report their observations and opinion thereupon, together with the Minutes of the evidence taken before them.

1 to amend The House was moved, That an Act, made in the ill

twiceyear of King George the First, for making more effectual 'oor clergy, her late Majesty’s gracious intentions for augmenting xiered, the maintenance of the poor Clergy; might be read:— And the same being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act, so far as relates to the returns of Certificates into the Exchequer, and Gifts of personal property: And that Sir William Scott, the Mailer of the Rolls, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Robert Ward, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

pen of Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into "water- further consideration, the Report which was made from rks Bin, the Committee, to whom the Bill for supplying the In-•redCOn* habitants of the Parish of Saint Giles Camberwell, and parts of the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, and several other Parishes and Places in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, with Water; be now read :—And the fame being read; the House proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

Vol. 60.

And the first of the Amendments made by thfe Committee to the said Bill, being read a second time;

And the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment j

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, f

TellersfortheNoe^K

So it passed in the Negative:

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the fame was committed.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

.16.

41-

Bill,

re-committed;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, Queflcionj That it is the Opinion of this House, That the objects J^pea'ing^' for which a Board of Commissioners in Ireland wrere con- Commission-stituted by the 38th of His Majesty, chapter 68, the ers , Com: 39th of His Majesty, chapter 65, and the 40th of His ia

Majesty, chapter 49, that is to say, to hear and determine the claims of Compensationdue to Loyalists suffering in the Rebellion of 1798, under a final provision that no claim for compensation should be received after the first day of November 1800, are, or ought to have been, long since eftefted, and that the longer Continuance of that Board, by rendering a further provision for their salaries necessary, would occasion a considerable and useless Expenditure of Public Money;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;—It passed in the Negative.

• A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.

That it is the opinion of this House, That the Board of Commissioners in Ireland, constituted by the 40th of His Majesty, chapter 34, for granting Allowances to Bodies Corporate, and Individuals,'in respect to.Representative Franchises extinguilhedby the Union, and to make compensation to those persons whose offices may thereby be discontinued or diminished in value, ought, within the space of six months from this period, finally to adjudge and determine all such Claims as now remain not disposed of, and should be then dissolved, as their longer continuance beyond such period, by rendering necessary a further provision for their salaries and expences, would occasion a considerable and useless Expenditure of Public Money;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;—It passed in the Negative.

• The House was moved, That the Order,- made upon Middled* Wednesday last, for taking into consideration. To- Eiedtion-s morrow, the Petition of George Boulton Mainwaring, of Petition of Esquire, Sir William Gibbons, Baronet, Sir William Freeholders, Curtis, Baronet, Henry Thornton, Esquire, William Mel- d*feried* li/k, Esquire, and Samuel Pepys Cockerell, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election for the said County, might be read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into comfi-deration upon Friday next, at three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their attendance accordingly

Ordered, That George Boulton Mainwaring, Esquire, tilts ofvoter* and the several other persons who have petitioned this obie<3ed to. to House, complaining of the undue election of Sir Francis * excha,)sed-Burdett, Baronet, for the County of Middlesex, do, by themselves or their agents, on or before Thursday ne'xt, deliver to the Petitioners, who are admitted Parties in the room of the said Sir Francis Burdett, ox their agents.

Lists of the persons intended by the first-mentioned Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for tire said Sir Francis Burdett; giving, in the said Lifts, the several

5 F heads

Hitt for the Encouragement of Seamen, passed.

386

17° JuniL

A. 1805.

heads of iobjeftion, and distinguishing the fame against the names of the Voters excepted to: And that the Petitioners who are admitted Parties as aforesaid, do, by themselves or their Agents, within the same time, deliver the like Lifts on their part to the said first-mentioned Petitioners, or their agents.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for the encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty’s Navy; be now read:—And the fame being read ;—The said Bill was read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

viz.

Pr. 84. 1. 24.

Pr. 97.

I. 27. 1. 32.

Pr. 98. 1. 2.

1. 4.

To leave out from the beginning of the line to the end of Press 86. 1. 33.

After " balances," to insert " then."

To leave out " for that purpose," and insert " to receive the same," instead thereof.

To leave out " as," and insert " which," instead thereof.

To leave out " likewise a," and insert " shall verify inch Statement and Account on oath, which oath the said " Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital, or his Deputy or Deputies, is

" Order, then in lieu of the words " (the sum of [io writing] being the * amount of my Share of,) insert " my Share or Proportion of."]

Pr. 144.1. 16. After " Marines," to insert " and also " save and except as to the Clauses " and Provisions herein contained, " by which the punishment attached " to the crimes of personating Sea-* men and of Forgery, when coin-" mitted with intent to defraud any " Person or Persons, is extended and " made applicable to such offences " when committed with intent to * defraud any Corporation or Corporations."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy, during the present War.

Orth yd, That Sir William Scott do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Bill to amtnd

and are hereby authorized and re- reading of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made

" quired * Agent

1. 23. i. 24.

Pr. 99. L 2.

1- 39-

Pr. 104. I 8.

1. zr.

12,

" in," in 1.

" when so paid

1. 18.

to administer, and such shall at the same time deliver to the said Treasurer or hisDe-" puty an authentic," instead thereof. After " the," to insert " Proceeds." To leave out " likewise," and insert " verify the same as aforesaid, and iu " like manner deliver," instead thereof.

After " transmit," to insert " and " verify."

Pr. zot. 1. 38. After " Vessel," to insert " Ships or " Vessels."

After " Capture," to insert " or Cap-" tures."

After " Capture," to insert " or Cap-" tures."

To leave out from " Distribution," to and insert " and to be forthwith " lodged," instead thereof.

After " Ship," to insert " or Ships by " which the Capture or Captures " shall have been made."

After " Ship," to insert " or Ships." After " Directors," to insert " of the " said Royal Hospital."

To leave out " Officer or Man," and insert " Person or Persons entitled to " share in such Prize and Bounty Monies," instead thereof.

To leave out " the Ihare," and insert " such his or their Share or Shares," instead thereof.

After " Prize," to insert " or Bounty " Money."

After " Hospital," to insert " or his " Deputy."

After " Treasurer," to insert " or his " Deputy."

To leave out " Officers or Men," and insert " Person or Persons entitled " as aforesaid," instead thereof.

To leave out " Deputy," and insert " Chief Clerk," instead thereof.

To leave out " three," and insert " one," instead thereof.

After " Prize," to insert " or Bounty." Before " to," to insert " [or, if the " amount of such Share shall not be " known by the Person making the

in the last Session of Parliament, to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon; be now read :—And the fame being read ;—The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill b.e committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

1. 20. 1. 23.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Bill to amend reading of the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, jra]d Ta? an Act, passed in the 42d year of His present Majesty’s Aa", P reign, for consolidating the provisions of the several Acts committed, passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, into one Act; be now read :—And the fame being read;—*

The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Rill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

1. 26.

The House was moved. That an Act made in this pre- Bill to amend font Session of Parliament, to appoint Commissioners to ^oni-enquire and examine into the Public Expenditure, and the

Jni I Toners on

1. 28.

1.29.

3°-

1.

3*-

1. 34-

therein mentioned; and to report such observations as shall occur to them, for correcting or preventing any Abuses and Irregularities, and for the better conducting and managing the Business of the said Departments, to continue in force for two years, and from thence until the expiration of six weeks after the commencement of the then next Session of Parliament; might be read:— And the same being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, to rectify a mi flake in the name of one of the Com mi If i oners appointed by the said Act: And that Mr.

Mr. Hu/kifun, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring

jn, the fame.

Public Expenditure, ordered. 1

1

1 %

'fr.107.1. 19.

Pr. 108.1. 17-

1. 21. 1. 26.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to CommifM*® resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Court of remove doubts touching appointments to certain Offices Chancery, in the Court of Chancery made during the vacancy of the Office of Register, and Keeper of the Register and in that Court; be now read:—And the fame i being

Registers

iS

45 Geo. III. 1 f Junil

being read;—The House resolved itself into the said Committee. \

Mr. Speaker left, the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table, t Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time

Tommorrow.

London Port' Mr. Alderman Combe, according to Order, reported Bill, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to authorize the advancement of further sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for completing the Canal and other Works directed to be made by an Act, passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of London," was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Consideration of Report respecting Southern Whale Fi&ery, 4)efeat&

The Ord^r of the day being read, for talcing into further confederation, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in the 38th year of His present Majesty, for the further encouraging the Southern Whale Fiili-eries;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further ponsideration upon Thursday next.

BUI for the The Order of the day being read, for taking into Smuggling farther consideration, the Report from the Committee of deferred. * the whole I Ioufe, to whom the Bill for the more effectual prevention of Smuggling, was rc-committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Friday next.

Woollen The Order of the day being read, for the second read* Suspensionre ^ie *° conl*nue the operation of an Act,

Bill, deferred, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to suspend Pro* ceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the fame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Bill to explain The Order of the day being read, for the second reading of the Bill to explain and amend several Acts con-Minnfeaure, ceming the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain, and deferred. for establishing certain regulations relating thereto;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Sheffield, fee. The Order of the day being read, for the third read-defcnedU* *no of the ingrossed Bill for making, and keeping in repair, a Carriage Road, to branch out of the Turnpike Road leading from Sheffield to Peniston, at the Township of Wadjley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join, in the Township of Langset in the said Riding, the Turnpike Road leading from Doncaster to Salter's Brook;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Maitia offi. The Order of the day being read, for the second read-5efeireiiBl11' *n£ of the Bill to empower His Majesty to retain upon Vol. 60.

Full Pay and Allowances, Officers of the Militia, during the War, notwithstanding the Reduction;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow;

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from tl»e Dublin Par-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ing. &c. provide for the appointing Commissioners to enquire and ^’bJIi, *°a* examine into any Irregularities or Abuses which may reported, have taken place in conducting and managing the paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin; and to provide for the Suspension of the powers and authorities of the Corporation of Directors and Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets, and for veiling the fame in other Persons during such Suspension; and for the better conducting and managing the business of the said Corporation; wras re-committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Upon Friday next.

, Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Bill for vest; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for JjJ| vesting in the Barrack Mailer General for the time being, Master Estates held or occupied for the Barrack service, and General, authorizing him to sell the same, with the consent of the * ’ Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w ere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to fe- Ways and solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-lider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Supply, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- deftrreJ-fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into Report on further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, Bounties made in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, for gr^mt- on Kifli, ing Bounties for taking and bringing Fife to the Cities of London and Westminster, and other places in the United Kingdom, was committed:—The House proceeded to " take the said Report into further consideration; and the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill* being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- committee on solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- importation fider of permitting the Importation of Goat Skins in deferredf11* Foreign Ships, on payment, of the like Duties as if imported in British or Irish Ships;

Resolved, That this House will, To-morrowr, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill

•3S3

JTJunii.

A. 1805.

Ireland— A Bill to amend an Act, made in the Parliament of civil Act, Ireland, for the support of the honour and dignity of His •onmmted. Majesty’s Crown in Ireland, and for granting to His Majesty a Civil List Establishment, under certain provisions and regulations; was, according to Order, read - . a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole I Ioufe, upon the Bill to enable

Committee on Loyalty Loan Bill.

The House proceeded to take into confuleration, the Lords Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An'enrimtruj An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of i»m,n&crta.

Stody, and Brin ton, in the County of . clomreBiii,

And the said Amendments were read; and are as fol- a2ree, lto-loweth; viz.

Pr. 39. 1. 33. Leave out from " which," to " shall," in line 39.

Pr. 40. 1. 21. Leave out " or exchanged."

1. 23. Leave out " or with."

1. 26. Leave out " or exchanged."

1. 29. Leave out " or exchanged."

The said Amendments being fevera'ly read a second time, were, u]>on the Question severally put thereupon.

the Commissioners of the Treasury to contract with agreed to by the House. certain Proprietors of St ock created by two Acts, passed Ordered; That Mr. Robert Fdlmves do carry the Bill in the 37th and 42d years of His present Majesty, for to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath

granting other Annuities in lieu thereof, or to pay the same oft'at the period therein mentioned;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr, Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-

Committee on Report re-

eiard Fiiheiy, fider of the Report which, upon the 5th day of April last.

deierred.

Bill to amend Laws relating to Taxes, passed.

Cnnnn Canal Bill, deferred,

was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several principal Adventurers in the Pilchard Fiftiery, 'was referred;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The ingrafted Bill to amend the several Laws relating 'to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, was, according to Order, read the third time.

..Resolved, That the Bill do pads: And that the Title he, 'An Act to amend the several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the

Aflairs of Taxes.; .......

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The Order of the day being read, for the third reading of the ingrafted Bill for authorizing the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, to advance a certain sum of Money, to be applied in completing the Crinan Canal. -

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Committee on Coaltin^ Trade Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend 5 an Act, made in the 31ft year of Mis present Majesty, for the better regulation and government of Seamen cm-ployed in tire Coasting Trade;

‘-' Mr. Speaker left the Chair, to Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee. bs’Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The I Ioufe being informed, that Mr. from Account of the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the door, Bences ot he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, prdcmtd. pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Balances of Public Money remaining with the Receiver General of the Customs on the 5U1 day of December, the 5th day of March, the 5th dav of June, and the 5th day of September in each year, from the year 1793, inclusive, to the 5th day of March last.

And then he withdrew: And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Account be printed, for the Members of the House.

The fair! Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume. (No. 62.)

Mr. Alexander prefenfed to the House, pursuant to Account their Orders,—A Paper, intituled, " An Account of the cippc^to " total quantity of Copper that has been melted into presentM.

" Cakes, Pigs, Blocks, or into any other forms, from old *e Copper, in any of His Majesty’s Dock Yards; distin-*• guishing the quantity now in llore at each of the said " Dock Yards; and also,—An Account of the total " quantity of Shruff or old Copper Sheathing, old " Copper Bolts, old Copper and mixed Metal Nails, which may have been weighed, and which are now " in store, at the several Dock Yards; distinguishing " the quantities at each of those Yards respectively;

" and also,—An Account of the total quantity of " Shruff or old Copper Sheathing, old Copper Bolts,

" old Copper and mixed Metal Nails, now in store " in the several Dock Yards, and which may not have " been weighed; distinguishing the quantities at each " of the Yards respectively; and also,—A Statement,

" ft ewing the period when the fyfteni of accumu-" luting old Copper in IJis Majesty’s Dock Yards commenced, and fluting the quantities of old Copper "which may from time to time have been issued by the " Navy Board to their Contractors and others, in that "period:"—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Paper be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preferred amongst the other

Papers of this Section.

Mr. Alexander presented to the House, according to sill to mend Order, a Bill to rectify a mistake in the name of one of Arttoap-

__ * _ _ f t,in-;

Un» verities

Ad vow fens Bill, deferred

The Order of the day being read, for the third reading of the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to re it rain the Dii’ of Lands, " whereby the lame become unalienable," as restrains Colleges within the two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge from purchasing or holding Advowsons, except as therein is provided;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

the Conmniftioners appointed by an -Act, passed in the ^jjjoncrson present Session of Parliament, for appointing Comniif- Public iioners to enquire into the Public Expenditure, and the conduct of Public bulinels, in the Military Departments P therein mentioned: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the goth year of 11 is present Ma- fitiun to jesty, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners

* , to considerttf

45 Geo. III.

17°—186—19

° Junii.

38 9

to enquire into the lodes of ftxch of His Majesty’s ldyal " subjects as have been fufterers in their Property during " the fulfilling Rebellion in this Kingdom," might be read :—And the fame' was read.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 39th year of His present Majesty, for more effectually carrying into execution the purposes of the said Act, and for providing a Fund for rewarding, in manner therein mentioned, Persons who have rendered service by discoveriesof Traitors; might be read:—And the fame was read.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the last Session of the Parliament of Ireland, to amend and ' continue the said Acts, and for authorizing the payment of sums, therein mentioned, to Persons who have differed in their Persons, and to the Widows and Orphans of others who lost their lives in said Rebellion, and to Persons who exerted themselves in discovering the said Rebellion, and being exposed to danger, or fuilained injn y, in consequence thereof; might be read:—And the fume being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Acts.

Bain bridge An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Manor of

indoor*Bill, Cambridge, and Parish of in the County of

York; was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Bainbridge, and Parish of Aifgarth, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mir W do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 18° Junii;

Anno Georgii III'" Regis, 1805, Prayers.

House HPH E House met; and being counted by Mr. Speaker? idjuuraed, J[ it appeared that Forty Members were not present? yet, it being Four of the clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Mercurii, 19° die Junii;

Anno 45* Georgij IH, U Regis, 1805. Prayers.

pm and *\/T Denisonreported from the Committee, to whom

& the Bill to continue the term, and alter and en-

sued. ’ large the powers, of two Acts, passed in the ift and 22d years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Whitecross, in the Parish of I wren in Holderness, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the Tow'n of jBeverley, in the said Comity, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve-put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

n Mr. Bakkoin reported from the Committee, to whom * Hut. Petition of several Persons interested in certain Lands

in the Township of tint ton's A mho, in the County of ton’s Ambo York, was referred; That the Committee had examined ,nclo,^> the matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to ,<p° report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,—Mr.

John Tliackrah Lambert produced a Copy of a Notice which he affixed, in pursuance of Leave granted by the House on the 31ft day of May last, on the Door of the Parish Church of Hutton s Ambo, three Sundays in this present month of June, of an Application being made to Parliament for leave to bring in a Bill for ratifying and confirming the Award and Decree, made on the inclosure of certain Common Fields, Common Pastures, and Common Meadows within the Township of /

Ambo aforesaid.

The House was moved. That the Report which, upon the 31 ft day of May last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Lord Archbishop of York, and the humble Petition of several other Persons, interested in certain lands in the Township of Hutton's Ambo, in the County of York, was referred, might be again read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing the A ward and Decree made and passed on the division and inclosure of Lands in the Township of Hutton's Ambo, in the North Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. and Mr.

Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Baldzcinreported from the Committee, to whom Fiindt’s Nat.

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for reP£Jtct*» naturalizing Gufavus Flindt, wras committed; That the 1X116 Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill' to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom De stein’* the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Caroline Erne/iine Frederica Sophia Baroness with an ’

De Stein, of Nordheim, in the Empire of Germany, wife Amendment* of John Charles Mellish, Esquire, was committed; That MMiaSreedt{fc the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In the Title of the Bill, 1. 4. Leave out " John and insert " Joseph."

The said Amendment being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass. Bill paired.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldzcin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment; to which Amendment this House doth desire the concurrence of their Lordships.

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick be added to the Member Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to alter, amend, and enlarge the powers of an Maid it one Act, passed in the 20th year of His present Majesty, for foor &11* the better government and regulation of the Poor in the Town and Parish of Maidstone, in the County of Kent.

Sir John Frederick presented to the House, according 5^ to Order, the said Bill: And the fame was received; presentwV and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

5G THe

390 19° Junii A. 1805,

Lords The House proceeded to take into confi derat ion, the

to^randlopl* ^In,'ndnu'nts, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, inclosure Bill, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township agreed to. Gf Bramhvrxin the Parish of Olley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.'

Pr. 6. I37. Leave out from "them" to the end of the Clause.

Pr. 7.I. 7.") Leavoout from "subscribed" to which"

&, 8.3 inline u, and insert " an Oath in the form or" to the effect following,

" (that is to say) I do swear, that I " will faithfully, impartially, and ho-" ncftly, according to the bell of my " (kill and judgment, execute and " perform the several Powers and " Authorities veiled and reposed in " me as an Umpire by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-fifth year " of the reign of King George the " Third, intituled, [here insert the 1 " Title of this A ] according to equi-

" ty and good conference, and with-" out favour or all* ftion, prej udice or " partiality to any person or persons " whomsoever. So help me God."

Pr. 12. 1. 2.") After " Commissioners "insert " or of & 3.) " the said Umpire."

1. 13. fAfter " Commissioners " insert " or by & 14. ) " the said Umpire."

1. 20.7 After " Commissioners" insert " or of & 21.3 " the said Umpire."

1. 29. After " Commissioners" insert " or of " the said Umpire."

Pr. 13. 1.31. After "Commissioners" insert " or of " the said Umpire."

1 Pr 26. I.22. After " dispose" insert " in manner

" directed by the said recited A el." Pr. 31. 1-39- After "this" insert " or the said re-" cited."

Pr. 38. 1. 18. Leave out " three" and insert " four." The said Amendments being severally read a second tirge, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Lord Rad- Mr. Pcnruddocke Wy reported from the Com-B° i\ru5rted to wh°in the inerofl’ed Bill from the Lords, inti-

*nd’pass«l.e ’tided, An Act for ell‘e6tuating an Exchange between the Chancellor, Mailers, and Scholars of the University of Oxford, and the Right honourable Jacob Earl of Radnor, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be tme; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddocke do carry

the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Petition re- Mr. Robert Dundas reported from the Committee, to ggw* whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and reported.’ Council of the City of Edinburgh, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition, and had dire^ed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and lie read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,—Several Acts, made in the 28th, 38th and 39th years of His present Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith, were read; and also, an Act, made in the prer font Session, for raifng a further sum of 80,000, to carry the purposes of the said Acts into execution, was read :—And, Charles Cunningham, Esquire, being examined, said, That one half of the Dock Duties was by the said Act of the 39th year of the reign of 11 is present Majesty, authorized to be levied as soon as the Foundation Stone of the first Dock was laid, and a Contract entered into for finishing it in a reasonable time; and the full Rates and Duties as soon as the Dock and I>ock should be finished and completed, so as to admit a Ship or Vessel to be moored therein :—That the one h.ili of the Dock Duties, at present payable and received, amounted in the first year to *£.1,933- 1. 10. in the second year to *£.2,091. 14. 11. in the third year to j£.2,236. 3. 11. and so far as the fourth year has gone they are (fill en-creasing, and the fame will increase very considerably as soon as the Dock shall be finished:—Tliatbefides Ihefe Funds the annual produce of the grounds or areas belonging to the Community of the City of Edinburgh is by the said recited Act of the 39th year of the reign of His present Majesty, directed to be applied in aid of the Funds for completing the said Docks and other Works, and that if the first Dock and Lock were completed, the Petitioners will be entitled to levy the fall Rates and Duties by the said Act of the 39th year of His present Majesty granted and made payable; but to eftect this, will require an additional sum of between^. 20,000, and £.30,000.; and that upon the completion of such Dock and Lock, the produce of the Funds will be sufficient not only to pay the interest of the Sums already borrowed and to be borrowed for completing the said Dock and Lock, but to raise a Sinking Fund for paying off the principal Sums so borrowed and to be borrowed; - but, on account of the present stale of the Country, the Peti-t oners cannot obtain from Individuals the loan of the Money necciVary for that purpose, and that it is of mostf material consequence to the Public and to the Trade of the said Port of L"ith, that the contraction of the said first Dock and Lock be proceeded with without interruption, for such interruption would prevent the Petitioners from levying the half of the Dock Duties at present payable, which are on!y payable during the carrying on of the Work; it would disablo them from fulfilling tlmir Contra ft s for quarrying and furuishing Stones and other materials; and it would occasion a demand from their Creditors for paying oil the principal Sums borrowed as well as the interest thereof, which the Petitioners would be unable to satisfy:—And that, prior to the Union between England and Scotland, a Stock or Fund was provided to antwer the Salaries of the Judges of the Court of Session, by different grants from the Scotch Parliament, amounting to ,£. 23,833. which, upon the Salaries receiving an adequate augmentation, to be paid in future by the Crown, was directed by an Act of the 26th year of the reign of His present Majesty, to be paid into the Receiver General of His Majesty’s Land Rents and Casualties in Scotland, for behoof of the Public; that the above Sum was accordingly paid to the then Receiver General, and at his death in 1795 remained still unapplied, and his Representatives being unable to pay the Money, an heritable security was granted to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury for £. 21,000 of the above sum, payable to their Lordships for behoof of I Iis Majesty; which sum is now due and payable with Interest from Whit fun-day 1804.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the con- Report n~ sideration of a Committee of the whole House. c.rred3 ,

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider House. of the said Report.

Sir William Paxton reported from the Committee, to Carmarthen whom the Bill for repealing an Act, of the 32d year of * '

His present’ Majesty, for building a Gaol for the Town and County Borough of Carmarthen, and for paving* lighting, and supplying the said Town wit It Water, and for granting other powers for those and other purposes

relating

45 Geo. III. 19°'Juniu 391

relating thereto, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

mir, i'C".

i, reported.

General Phihpx reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for paving, and otherwise improving, the Streets and other places in the Township of Scarbrough, in the North Riding of the County of York; and for licensing Hackney Coaches, and establishing other regulations in the said Township; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the CJerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wfon Bay

si K>n, ported.

Mr. Bastard reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the Right honourable John Lord riugdov, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition; and had dire fled him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his p’ace, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,—Mr. John Yo/laud, being examined, said, That he knows the

tract of Mud Land mentioned in the Petition, adjoining to the Grounds belonging to the feat of the said

Lord Boringdon, in the Parish of Saint Mary,

in the County of Devon; which Tract of Land is daily overflowed by the tide of the sea:—And, William llarrison, Esquire, (Deputy to the Survi vor General of His Majesty’s Land, Revenue) being examined, said. That in consequence of a doubt which has arisen with respect to the property of a certain Creek called Chelfon Bay, part of the said Tract of Mud Land, whether the fame belongs to His Majesty in right of His Crown, or to the Petitioner as Lord of the Manor of Plympton Saint Mary; the Petitioner, in order to avoid the expence of any proceedings at Law, for asserting and maintaining his Right to the said Creek or Parcel of Land, (and which in itself is of small value) hath made application to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, that His Majesty’s consent may be given, that a Bi 1 may be brought into Parliament for removing all doubt with respect to the property of the said Creek or Parcel of Land, and veiling the fame in the Petitioner, and his Heirs, in fee simple, on a fult and adequate compensation being paid for the same:—And, Mr. JIarrifon being further examined, said. That the proposal made by the Petitioner for such compensation has been accepted by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, who are willing that an Act should be passed for ellcfting the purposes . aforesaid.

uo* Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the con-nittetof ^deration of a Committee of the whole House.

Me _ Befolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve " , itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

mfrom Sir John Borlafe Warren reported from the Committee,

w^om Petition of the Governors and Committee ’ of the Naval Asylxun, whose names are thereunto fub-Vol. 60, '

feribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Rev. Doctor Clarke being examined, said. That the Annual Contributions of Individuals amount to about £. i,ioo; and on an average about fifty Children of Seamen only, ■who have lost their lives in the King’s service, are maintained by the Charity; of which number about eight are Females, educated for services; the Mules, with an intention of entering in the Navy, are admitted from five to seven, and discharged at fourteen years, of age; in the meantime they are employed in various manufactures of Ropemaking, &c.—That the Annual Contributions afore-mentioned are barely sufficient for the maintenance of the very limited number of Children nowTup-ported by the Charity, and of course utterly infufticielit for even erecting Buildings, or rendering the Institution of greater importance to the Empire at large, which it is the earnest with of the Society to etieft, whenever they are enabled so to do by Parliament, for educating and maintaining the Orphans of Commission and Warrant Officers of His Majesty’s Navy for that service, as well as the Royal Dock-yards.—And the Governors of the Naval Asylum having ftaiM, in support of the object of their Petition, that similar aid had been granted in the cases of the Foundling Hospital and Military Asylum,. Your Committee thought proper to examine the Journals of the House; and iind, that from the year 1756 to 1771 indufive, the following sums were granted to the Foundling Hospital: in the years 1756, £. 10,000; 1757, £30,000; 1758, £.40,000;

and £.5,000; 1760, £.44,157. 1 and 3,127. ior.;

1 ‘ 61, «£-44>i97- ioj.; 1762, .£.41,752. ios.; 1763, £.40,050; 1764, £.38,347. ioy.; 1765, 38,000;

1766, £.32,725 and £.1,167; i7(>7> .£.28,000, and £’.1,500; 1768, £.29,000, and £.2,000; ij6g,

£■ 19,975- io.v. £,5,600, and <£.3,231. i6.<\; 1770,. £.9,650, and £.3,500; 1771, £.2,970, and £.27,030, being on an average £. 33,000. per Annum:—And that in the case of the Military Asylum, the following sums were also granted; in the year 1801, £. 8,400; in 1802, £.13,000, and £.31,^ o; in 1803, £.8,110; and in 1804, £. 32,400; for the erection of buildings and annual aid:—And that the following sums were also granted for the purchase of lands, and the confrruft ion of buildings for the Military College; in 1801, £. 30,000; in 1802, £. 6,369; and in 1803, £. 8,11 o. 2 s.x 1 d.:—That Annual Grants likewise, to a considerable amount, have been voted by Parliament, fmee the Union, for the maintenance of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin, and for the support of the Hibernian Marine Nursery for Sailors Children, and of the Hibernian School for Soldiers Children:—The Committee have therefore thought proper to state these fafts to the House, for their consideration; they also beg leave to state, that according to the prayer of the Petition, if it was thought advisable, it would be of great importance to the interest of the Society, that they should be exonerated from all Parliamentary and Parochial Dues and Rates, except those already imposed thereon, and all Civil and F.cclefi-astical and Parochial Jurisdiction whatsoever; all which circumstances they have thought proper to state to the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the con-fuleration of a Committee of the whole House.

Befolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed, for the Members of the House.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon Monday last, was made from the Select Committee who were appointed, upon the 23d day of May last, to examine into the matters of the nth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry (except so far as the fame

relate

Report referred to a Committee of the whole House.

An fwer to Lords Message, respecting certain Peer*.

392 19* jfunii* v A. 1805,

delate to circumstances con tiered with the issue of " able Earl of Ormonde, and the Honourable Walter £■ 100,000 for Secret Naval Services)—and who were K Butler, commonly called Lord Vi (count his

also appointed to draw up an Answer to that part of the " eldest ion and heir apparent, for the payment of debts,

Message from the Lords of Friday last, which relates to " charges, and incumbrances affecting the fame, and the Lord President of the Council, the Earl of Bucking- " for settling such part and parts thereof as shall uot be hamshire, and the Earl St.Vincent', might be again read t " fold for the purposes aforesaid, and for other purposes,"

And the same being read; was committed; That the Committee had examined the

Ordered, That a Vfefliurc be sent to the Lords, to ac* Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; quaint therp, that the said Select Committee, having re, and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to ported that they had closed the examination of Evidence, the Rill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that and proceeded to prepare their Report, the House no the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to

longer think it necessary to desire that their Lordships the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered

'will give leave to the Lord Prefiflent of the Council, the the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:—And the said Bill was

Earl of Ruckinghamshire, and the Earl St. Vincent, to read the third time. .*

come to the said Committee, in order to be examined at RefolThat the Bill do pass. that Committee. Ordered, That Sir John New/mrt do carry the Bill to

Ordered, That the Lord Glenbervie do carry the said the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath Message. agreed to the fame, without any Amendment

Baillie’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act committed! for veiling the Mansion House and Land called Ealing Grave, in the County of Middlesex (part of the Estates devised by the will of James Baillie, Esquire), in Trustees, upon trim, to sell the same, under the directions of the Court of Chancery, and to apply the Money arising from the sale thereof in the purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the uses of the will of the said James Baillie; was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -

son, Mr. Byng, &c.: And they are to meet this After* noon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Smith’* An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

committed* ^"or ve^'nff 'n Thomas Roper, of Street, in the

City of London, Builder, a Messuage with the Appurtenances, in Little Saint Helens, in the said City of London, the Estate of Man/ Smith, an infant, and for applying the purchase Money for the fame in the manner therein directed; was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. son, Sir John William A, &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

twaffham Lord Charles Somerset. Manners reported from the Incioiurt Bill Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the reported! * ’ To\vnship of Sica ffliani Prior, in the County of Cam-

bridge, wras committed; That the Committee had examined and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; 'and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at £. 14. 12 s. who refused to sign the Bill; and also the Owners of Estates assessed at if.20. ipr. who were neuter; and that the whole of the property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is all'effpd to the Land Tax at £.231- i6r. and that no Porfon appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); anft that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they lvad directed him to report to the Hopfe; and he read the Report in, his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments, were once read, throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill! with the Amendments, be in-

grofled.

Admiral Berkeley reported from the Committee, to Newnh* whom the Bill to continue the term, and alter and en- Rui<i blil» large the powers, of an Act, passed in the 23d year of re*x,rted’ His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from the the Passage or Ferry ovw the River Severn at Neivnham, to a Place called Saint White's, adjoining the

Forest of Dean, in the County of ter, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

tri;

! r Cm

Ordered, That the Bill to alter and extend the provl- BinkNow* lions of the Laws now in force for the punishment * bh^1®*7 the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bids of Exchange, and other cocaaitttA Securities, to every part of the United Kingdom; be now read a second time:—The said Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Re/'olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed..

Ordered, That that the ingrossed Bill to authorize the London Port advancement of further sums of Money out of the Con- Blll> solidated Fund, for completing the Canal and other Works directed to be made by an Act, passed in the 39th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " rendering more commodious, and for better regulat-" ing the Port of Jjmdonbe now read the third time:

—The said Bill was accordingly read the third time Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Ti le bo,

An Act to authorize the advancement of further Runs of Mogey out of the Consolidated Fund, for completing the Canal and other Works directed to be made by an Act passed in the thirty-ninth year of His present Mar-jesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering more comma-" (lions, and for better regulating the Port of London."

Ordered, That Sir William Curtis do carry the Bill t* the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Firl of Sir John Newport reported from the Committee, to Ordered, That the Bill to amend an Act, passed >n-Binre^tS

Ormonde’* whom the ingrossed Bill from, the Lords, intituled. An the 4th year of His present Majesty, intituled, " An ^*tnlt£fto ^oned and Act for vesting in new Trustees the Real Estates in Ire- Act for preventing inconveniencies arising in cases of privilege of

paded.3 land, of the Right honourable Walter Earl of Ormonde and " Merchants, and such other persons as are within the j

QJory, which have not been fold ordisposed of, under and " description; of the Statutes relating to Bankrupts,

l>y vi'r tue of an Act of Parliament, puffed by the Parlia- " being entitled to Privilege of Parliament and becom-

ment of Ireland in the thirty-fifth year of the reignof His " ing insolvent, and to prevent delay in the entering

present Majesty, intituled,." An Act for the sale of pom- " Appearances in Actions brought against Persons hav-

" peteut parts of the Real Estates of the Right honour* " ing Privilege of Parliament be now read a second

t- time j

45 Geo. 111. 19° Ji

time^The said Bill Was accordingly read a second time.

Befolved, That the Bill he committed.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Befolved, That this House will, upon T uefday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

to amend Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to amend an Act,

, respect- made in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, for grauting Bounties for taking and bringing Fish to the Cities of id. London and Westminster, and other places in the United Kingdom; be now read the third time;—The said Bill was accordingly read the third time.

Befolved, 'That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend an Act, made in the forty-first year of H is present Majesty, for granting Bounties for taking and bringing Fish to the Cities of London and and other places in the United Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their concurrence.

rtition from . Mr. Lon reported from the Committee, to whom the ku!^ia~ Petition of the Trustees of the British which was

p re fen ted to the House upon the .^fh day of this instant '• Colice ^uue, was referred; and who were empowered to report la, rcpoi-ted. their observations and opinion thereupon, together with the Minutes of Evidence taken before then;, to the •House; That the Committee had examined the matters to them referred; and had directed him to report the fame, together with the Minutes oft the said Evidence; -and also several Resolutious thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was - -read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

Your Committee called for a Copy of the late Mr. Tou nky's Will; which, among other things, directs as •follows" I also give and bequeath unto the said Sir " John Laicfon aijd Thomas their executors

fC and administrators, all my Collection of ancient Mar-u bles, which Until be in or about or belong to my said " house in Park-fired Westminster, at the time of my

" decease, to hold the fame unto the said Sir John * fonand Thomas Eerieilon, their executors and atlmini-

" strators, in trust for the; provided the

" Trustees or Managers for the time being of that In-" flitution shall and do, within the term of two years " from the time of my decease, set apart a room or " rooms which now is or are or which may hereafter " be erected at the said Museum, sufficiently spacions " and elegant to exhibit these Antiquities most advantageously to the Public, such room or rooms to be " exclusively set apart for the reception and future ex-" hibition of the said Antiquities; and in some conspi-" cuons part of the said room or rooms, such a suitable " and appropriate Inscription to be made and fixed up, " as the Trustees or Managers for the time being of " the said Museum shall deem proper; and in case the " said Trustees or Managers shall decline to accept this " my Gift, or shall not fully comply with the conditions uhereby imposed by mo, then it is inv will and mind " that the said Sir John and Thomas

and the survivor of them, and the executors and ad-« ministrators of such liirvivor, shall ft and possessbd of * my said Collection of ancient Marbles, in trust for my * laid brother Edward Tote n ley his executors,

" administrators, and assigns."

Codicil.—" A Codicil to be addl'd to the last Will and " Testament of me Charles Townley. of Tore nicy in the County of Lancaster, Esquire—\\ liereas by my ill,

" bearing date the twenty-ninth day of November one " thousand eight hundred and two, I gave and be-" questhed unto Sir John Baronet, and Thomas

" Ecc/e/ion, Esquire, their executors and administrators,

« all my Collection of ancient Marbles which should be in and about or lielonging to my house in Park fired " Wefimirfier, at the time of my decease, to hold the " fame to them the said Sir John Laufon and Thomas Va L.60.

" Ecdejloh, their executors and administrators, in trust " for the British Museum, under certain conditions and " restrictions; and in failure thereof, in trust for my " brother Edward Townley Standifii, his executors* ad-" ministrators and assigns, as in my said Will is exploded; " Now I do hereby revoke the said trusts for the benefit " of the British Museum, and of my said brother Edward

" Townley Standish; and I do ilireft the said Sir John " Laufon and Thomas Ecclesion, theft executors, admi-" nistrators, and assigns', shall Hand possessed of the said " Collection of ancient Marbles upon the trusts follow-" ing, that is to fay—In case my said brother Edward " Townley Standish, or my uncle John Townley or his " heirs, shall, within five years from inv decease, expend " not less than the sum of four thousand five hundred " pounds in placing the said Marbles in a proper and " suitable manner for exhibition in nty Mansion-house at " Townley, or in the erecting and completing or purchasing a salt of rooms for their reception and exhi-" bltion, to be added for the purpose to or being part of " any house to be built, purchased, or belonging to them " or any of them in London, then in trust for the person " or persons who by virtue of or under the limitations " contained in my said Will shall for the time being be " entitled to the pofl’efiion or to the receipts of the rents, " issues, and profits of my Townley Estates in my said " Will mentioned; yet so that for the purpose of trans-u million the same shall not vest absolutely in any son of " my said brother Edward Townley until such

" son shall attain to the age of twenty-one years, or " depart this life under that age, leaving issue inheritable " under my said Will, or born in due time afterwards; " and in case of the death of my said brother Edu ard " Toicnley Standi/h without iftne male, as ex; ire (led in

‘c my said Will, or in failure of fuc h iiTne, then in trust " for my said uncle John Townley and his heirs; but in " case my said brother Edward Townley or my

" laid uncle John Townley and his heirs shall tefufe or ■" neglect to make such proper provision for the reeep-" tion and exhibition of the said ancient Marbles, wit hin " the said term of five years, then it is my will and " mind that the said Sir John Laufon and Thomas " fan, their executors, administrators, and assigns, do " stand possessed thereof, in trust for the British Museum, " subject to the fame terms, conditions, and restrictions " as are contained in my said Will in respect to the trust " therein declared for the British Museum; in case the " Trustees or Managers of the Museum shall not

" comply with such terms, conditions, and restrictions, " then in trust for my executors and administrators."

Joseph Planta, Esquire, Librarian to the British;

and Secretary to the Royal Society, produced to Your Committee, a Proposal. of the Trustees of the British Museum, for purchasing the Collection; with the Content of the Repiefentatives thereto.

Which Proposal, and Consent, are as follow:

" The Proposal is to be, that the British Museum, on f‘ behalf of the Public, shall purchase the Collection of " Statuary belongingtothelate Esquire,

" at his decease, conlifting of Marbles, Terra Cottas, and " Bronzes; for which the Public shall pay the sum of " £.20,000. if approved of by Parliament; and the nomi-

" nation of two Trustees shall be vested in perpetuity

" in the Townley Family."-----" The undersigned beg

" leave to inform Sir Joseph Banks, that the late " Toicnleys Bronzes, Prints, Pictures, and Books, are by

" his Wiil entailed with his Estate. Mr. Toicnley never " considered them as objects of sufficient consequence " to be placed in a public Museum; and that deter-" mined Mr. Townley to order them to remain at all " events with his Family; to which resolution Jiis Rela-" tives vvifh to adhere. With the exception therefore of " the Bronzes, the undersigned ore willing to give their " consent to the Proposal of the Museum.

" Toicnley " John Toicnley.

" Per. Toicnley."

A Catalogue of the Collection was produced by (Mr. Edward Toxonley Standish.

Then

394

19° Jan n. A. 1805.

Then- Your Committer' proroeded to examine

Thomas Hope, Esquire.—Have you examined the

Collection of feulptuied Marbles, Vases, and Terra Cottas, lately in the possession of Charles Esquire,

so as to be able to Hate to the Committee, your opinion of the value of that Collection ? I have not examined it so as to have a decided opinion of its value.—Do you believe that Collection to be of the value of 20,000. or upwards? I think it is fully worth that sum, exclusive of the Etruscan and Ala ha ster Vases, and of the Bronze Statues of Apollo and Hercules; which Statues however, I consider of very high value.—Do you believe the possession of that Collet ion, on the part of the Public, if made properly accessibleto Artists and the Public, would be materially beneficial to the cultivation of the Fine Arts in this Country ? I believe it would be highly beneficial to the cultivation of the Fine Arts. [Withdrew.

Joseph Nollekens, F.squire.—Have you examined the

Collection of sculptured Marbles, Vases, and Terra Cottas, lately in the possession of Charles Townley, Esquire, so as to be able to state to the Committee your opinion of the value of that Collection ? I am perfectly acquainted with that Collect ion, having known it from the beginning, which is 37 years: I a (Tided in procuring some of the articles.—Do you believe that Collection to be of the value of £. 20,000. or upwards, exclusive of the Etruscan and Alabafler Vases and the Bronzes? I do; more than that film; but I think the Bronze Statues of Apollo and Hercules, and particularly the latter, of very high value.—Do you think the Collodion worth considerably more than £.20,000. ? I should think it Worth £. 30,000. honestly.—Do you believe that the possession of that Collection on the part of the Public, if made properly accessible to Artists and the Public, would be materially beneficial to the cultivation of the Fine Arts in this Country ? Undoubtedly. [Withdrew.

John Fhrman, Esquire.—Have you examined the Collection of sculptured Marbles, Vases, and Terra Cottas, lately in the possession of Charles Esquire,

so as to be able to state to the Committee your opinion of thp value of that Collection ? I am wrel! acquainted with the Collection, and have paid a great deal of attention to it as a Sculptor, and have a general irba of the value.—Do you believe that Collection to be of the value of ,£.20,000. or upwards, exclusive of the Etruscan and

Alabaster Vases, and of the two Bronze Statues of Apollo and Hercules? Indeed I do think it richly worth that sum to the Country; but I think the Bronze Statues of Apollo and Hercules of very high value.—Do you believe that the possession of that Collection on the part of the Public, if made properly accessible to Artists and the Public, would be materially beneficial to the cultivation of the Fine Arts in this Country? I am certain of it.— You have stated, that you have a general opinion of the value of this Collection; state the principles upon which you entertain such opinion ? I first consider the labour as works of excellent Sculpture: I next consider their value from the relative and critical light they are capable of throwing upon that Art; and, lastly, their great value towards forming a School for the study of Sculpture in this Country; and on thele accounts it appears to me they would be well worth the sum above-mentioned in any Country enlightened in the Arts.—Is it your opinion that this Collection, if now brought to sale, either together or separately, would produce the sum of ^C.20,000 ? I really cannot positively afiert, fovnuch would depend upon a variety of eircurnstances; but I think I may add, that if the peHons of taste, who are qualified to appreciate this Collection, have sufficient places for the articles, I have no doubt but they would produce 20,000. [Withdrew'. ‘

Read a letter from llichard Payne Knight, Esquire, a Member of Your Committee; stating, "That in his Hopinion the purchase of the Collection at the price of " £■ 20,000. would be Cheap to an individual buying " it upon specillation."

George Saunders, Esquire, Architect to the British Museum, produced and explained the Plans of the Building which is now executing, and which he supposes will be cornfd h d by Michaelmas 1806.—Will there be com-

modious i'oom for placing the Collection of the late Mr.

Town ley in the building you have described ? I am well acquainted with the Collection of the late Mr. Townley, and I am of opinion, that there will be room for receiving the whole of the Collection in the new building, and the principal articles may be very advantageously placed; and the plan of the building which is now proceeding upon, is the plan which was approved of by Mr.

who was one of the Committee of Trustees by whom it wms suggested. [Withdrew.

John Townley, Esquire, and Edward Townley

Esquire.—Whether in the Collection proposed to be disposed of to the Public, the Committee are to understand the Bronze Statues of Apollo and Hercules, and the Fjrif-can and Alabaster Vases, are to be included? We did not consider any of these articles as comprehended in our Consent to the original Proposal; but we are 'willing non’ to include the Bronze Statues of Apollo and but not the Etruscan or Alabaster Vases. [Withdrew.

Read a letter from Edward Tow Esquire, addressed to a Member of Your Committee j stating,

" That if in the present inftnnce the appointment of " two Trustees to the Brit if Museum should be deemed " too considerable an addition to their number, that he <c and his Uncle and Mr. Peregrine Townley, are willing " to accept the terms proposed of the nomination of one " Trustee only."

Upon the Allegation of the Petition, that " the ad-" ditional Buildings already provided lor by the libera-" lity of Parliament, have been planned in a manner the " heft adapted fu* receiving such a, Collection, and " exhibiting it to the greatest advantage;" Your Committee thought it their duty to view the progress which has been made in tint Work, and to examine the Plans; and considering the propriety of erecting a Building adequate not only to the purpose of receiving and exhibiting the Marbles of the late Mr. Townley, but also such further additions as may from time to time be made to the Collection in th o.British Museum-,they feel it right to ob-

serve, that the present Building does not appear, in some rcTpects, so W'ell calculated for these purposes as could be deft red, and they entertain a hope that such alterations may he made in the present Plan as may (without mcreasing the intended expence) render it more suitable for the general objects for which it is designed.

Upon the whole of the foregoing Evidence, Your Committee have come to the following Resolutions:

Bef deed, Th&t it is thoOpinion of this Committee, That it would be an object of great National Importance, for the Improvement of the Fine Arts, that a Collection of Antique Sculpture, of such acknowledged and unrivalled excellence as that which is now offered to the Public, should be acquired, and preserved for public inspection and use; particularly if meafares were taken to afford Artists free access to the said Collection.

Befolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of £. 20,000. is a moderate price for the purchase of the said Collection.

Ordered, That so much of the said Report as relates commit:?* to the additions now making to the British Museum, in- appointed, tended for the reception of the Egyptian and other Addition* Antiquities, be referred to the consideration of a Coin*- British Mu mittee: And that they do report their observations there- stum* upon, to the House:,

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Banker, Mr.

Long, Sir William Young, Mr. Windham, Mr. Bond, Mr.

Smith of Norwich, Sir William Lord Francis

Almaric Spencer, Mr. Corn/, Mr. Cowper. Sir Thomas TheophHus Metcalfe, Mr. Grenville, Lord Viscount Fitz~

'karris, the Master of the Rolls, Sir George Mr. S/oane, Mr. Annefey, Sir William Scott, Mr And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

■ . Ordered, That Five b,e the quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to report from time to time, and to adjourn from time to time, and from place to place; and to fit during the 5 fitting.

45 Geo. III. 19° ‘Yunii. 395

fitting, and notwithstanding any adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table. Keport to be Ordered, That the said Report be printed, for the printed. Members of the House.

other Ac- Mr. Dickinfov, junior, presented to the House, pur-

connts> &c. suant to their Orders,

ships'ft War, An Account {hewing the number of months which the

pretented. Hemp ant Spars for Malls and Topmasts in store on 15th May 1804 would last, according to the average consumption during the late War: And also,

An Account {hewing what Hemp and Spars for Marts and Topmasts were due on contract on 15th May 1804, and how many months the fame would last, according to the average consumption during the late War: And also,

Extract from the Report of the Commissioners of the Navy who inspected Chatham Dock Yard in 1785: And also.

Copies of ail Reports made by the Purveyors of Sher-- wood Fore ft, dated 18 th November 1797, and 4 th December 1802; and of any applications from the Navy Board to the Treasury, for the Fall of such trees as were felled in -the said Forest after 18th November 1797: And also.

An Account shewing the number of trees which have been felled in Shenooood Forest, for the lift* of the Navy,

finoe the 18th November 1707: And also.

Copy of Letter from the Navy Board to the Purveyor in Sherwood Forest, dated 20th November 1797, declining the offer of Timber made by Mr. Shaw of Trowel: And also.

An Account of the lowed meetings and size of Oak Timber allowed to be received into His Majesty’s Dock Yards *on the established contracts since 1776, and the lowed meetings and size of Timber which is applicable to the building of Frigates and Sloops of War: And also,

An Account {hewing the quantity of sided Timber converted in DepfordYard in October, November, and

December 1801, and October, November, and December 1803, specifying the number of Trees which were founcf to be found, and the number which were found to be defective in each month: And also,

An Account shewing the sums of Money advanced as Ivoans by the Navy Board to Limber Merchants, from the 15th May 1804; specifying the times when such Loans were made, and the conditions thereof: And also.

Copy of Report of the Surveyors of the Navy, on Foreign Timber imported by Mr. Larking, dated 2d August 1802: And also,

AivAcconnt shewing the number of Ships and Vessels, of each class, in the Royal Navy, and their tonnage; distinguishing the Foreign-built Ships and those built in Merchants Yards, from those built in llis Majesty’s Yards: And also,

Copies of all Letters and Representations which have parted between the Admiralty and Navy Boards, and between those Boards' and the Mailer Shipwrights of His Majesty’s Dock Yards, or any other, person, since 27th October 1803, on the subject of flioaling the Shipwrights: And also,

Copies of all Letters which have parted between the Navy Board and the Mailer Shipwrights of the several Dock Yards since id June 1804, respecting the time when the Ships ordered to be built in His Majesty’s Yards can be completed: And also,

A Statement shewing the number of Shipwrights that should build a Seventy-four Guri Ship,- of 1,730 tons, in one year, if they work three for one, arid earn seven shillings and three pence a day, according to the prices (established by the present scheme of. Talk-work: And also, ': : '

An Account shewing the number Qf Shipwrights borne in all the Yards on the 31ft December of each year, from 1793 to 1804, inclufivtf; the sum paid to them for wages in each year; and the number of Ships of Seventy-four Guns, and 1,730 tons, which the sums so paid in ea'ch VoL. 60.

year would pay for the Workmanship in building, according to the prices allowed by the present scheme of Talk: And also,

A Lift of Ships that have been launched from His Majesty’s Yards between ill January 1793 and 31H December 1804: And also, 1

Copy of a Letter, dated 24th November 1802, from the Navy Board to Sir Evan Nen with an oiler of Meftrs. Brindley to build a Seventy-four Gun Ship and a Frigate: And also,

A Lift of persons who have been employed as Overseers to Ships and Vessels building by contract since ift January 1783; the names of the Ships and Vessels building, and by whom, which each man had to ipfpeft in each . year: And also.

Copies of all additional Clauses which have been made to the contracts for building Ships since 15th May 1804:

And a'so,

A Copy of the Defers of His Majesty’s Ship Ardent, and of all Representations from the Officers of Sheeme/s Yard to the Navy Board, dating the number of ftiovt,

Bolts found iu that Ship: And also,

A Schedule of the Prices for Workmanship and Materials, which the Navy Board agreed to pay the Merchant Borders for Ships ordered to be repaired by them since 1 ft June 1804; and against each article is dated the sum which it colls the Public in Yard: And

also.

An Account of the number of Line of Battle Ships and Frigates in Commission on ift October 1801, not including those in Commission for Harbour Service:

And also,

An Account of the number of Building Slips in each Dock Yard, dating the highest rate Slip that each is capable of receiving, how occupied on the 15th May 1804, and ill January 1805, and from what period so occupied: And also.

Copies of all Letters or Reprelfentations from the Navy Board to the Admiralty, between ift October i8ot, and 10th March 1803, recommending or submitting that any of His Majesty’s Ships or Vessels should be fold or broken up: And also,

An Account of the Oak Timber in store in the several Yards on the 31ft December 1800, 1801, 1802, and 1803; distinguishing the sided from the rough, and the Foreign from the English.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Hawkins Browne presented to the House, pursuant Second Re-to their Order:—The Second Report of the Commissioners appointed for the purposes of an Act, intituled, Scotch Road*

" An Act for granting to His Majesty the sum of Twenty a^i*ndjre»,

" thousand pounds, to be issued and applied towards pre ' -" making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands " of Scotland-, and for enabling the Proprietors of Land " in Scotland, to charge their Estates with a proportion of " the Expence for making and keeping in repair Roads " and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland"—-And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed, for the Members of the.House.

The said Report is preserved amongst' the other Papers of this Session.;

• Befolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committecon

itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider j^g cwn^en-" of the several Acts, made In the Parliament of Ireland, ft non to' in the 38th, 39th and 40th years of His present Majesty, of

relative to the appointment of Commissioners to enquire into the Losses of such of His Majesty’s loyal subjects as have been sufferers in their property during the Rebellion in Ireland, and other purposes relating thereto .:—The House accordingly resolvea itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. '

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mrv

396

19° Ju

A. 1805.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That he in pursuance of an Act of the of ILs present Ma-

re ported*

Bill ordered.

\vas directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House Will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to . move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Acts.

And Mr. Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act?: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.;

Ireland— Bill to amend Civil List A&, deferred.

Woollen Goods Exportation Bill, relented.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itfe'f into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Parliament of for the support of the honour and dignity of His Majesty’s Crown in Ireland, and for granting to His Majesty a Civil List Establishment, under certain provisions and regulations.

• Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing the Duty chargeable on Woollen Goods, of the manufacture of Great Britain, exported to the East Indies: And the fame was received; and read the tirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Accounts of Exchequer Bills, ordered.

Piftilling ' Spirits for Exportation, to be considered.

Indemnity'

Bill,

presentcil.

Account of further Sums rsecetfary for Weft mi niter Court House, presented.

dpptn dii,

(No. 65.)

Committee on Exportation of Wool truQ America.

reported.

Bill ordered.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account shewing the amount of Exchequer Bills i(Tiled per Act 44 Geo. III. cap; 45. intituled, "An Act for " raising the sum of X-8,oooo, oooo. by Loans or Exchequer " Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year " 1804," outstanding and unprovided for. 1

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account shewing the amount of Exchequer Bills issued per Act 44 Geo. III. cap. 46, intituled, "An Act for " raising the sum of .£. 1,500,000. by Ix>ans or Exchequer "Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year " 1804," outstanding and Unprovided for.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of regulating the distilling of Spirits in England for exportation to Scotland, and in Scotland for exportation to England, and for better securing the Duties payable thereon.

■ Ireland— Mr. Nicholas Vanjittart presented to the House, ac-Biiircipetfing cording to Order, a Bill to amend several Acts passed in ^HyaJiiU,0" (lie Parliament of Ireland, for appointing Commissioners presented. , to enquire into the Losses of fueliofllis Majesty’s loyal subjects as have fuflered in their property during the Rebellion in Ireland; and for other purposes in the said Acts mentioned: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time. ’ Ordered, That the said Bill be read ,a second time Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Henry IAfcelles presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to indemnify all persons concerned in advancing £,. 40,000. to Messrs. Bcn/d, Benfield, and Company, in 1796, out of Monies issued for Naval Services: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Mr. Long presented to the House, by His Majesty’s

command :—An Account of the further sum that will be wanted to defray the expence of the purchase of ground and buildings in and hear Saint Margaret's Street viinfer, for the purpose of erecting a Court House for holding Sessions of the Peace for the City of,

jesty’s reign, cap. hi. :—And the Title was read.

Ortiered.That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Resolved, That this House v ill, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the permitting the exjx>rtation of Wool and Woollen Articles from the British Plantations in America to the United Kingdom:—The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, That lid was directed by the Committee to move the House, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, to permit the Exportation of Wool from the British Plantations in America to the United Kingdom.

And Mr. Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to permit the Exportation of Wool from the Brit (ft Plantations in America to the United Kingdom: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Rose, Mr. Sturges Bourne, and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Fofter presented to the I louse, according to Order, Ireland— a Bill more effectually to regulate the Collection of the Duties on Goods, Wares, and'Merchandize, imported pre^uwd. * and exported into or from Ire1 and, and the Payment of Bounties, Allowances, and Drawbacks thereon: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Refilled, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upop Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Comnutteeai itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of permitting the Importation of Goat Skins in Foreign jn foreign ships, on payment of the like Duties as if imported in Ships.

British or Iri/hships:—The House accordingly resolved

itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 43d Import*!* year of His present Majesty, to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other dered. Duties in lieu thereof; might be read:—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That' this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Duties payable on importation of Straw Platt, and any Wares made of the fame.

Ordered, That the Bill to continue the operation of Wooiim an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to suspend Proceedings in Actions, Prufeculions, and Pro- bj, deterred, ceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the fame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture; be lead a second time Tommorrow.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant Returns re-

. nt latinj to tlit

to their Orders, Army,

Return, of the Deaths, Discharges, and Defections, presented. which'have taken place in the Army at home, from id

May

45 Geo. III. 19° fiuui.

397

May to 31ft December 1803—also, from ift January to 31ft December 1804: And also.

Return of the Casualties which have taken place in the Army abroad, since the ift of May 1803 to the latest periods in the year 1804 for which Returns have been received from the several Foreign Stations: And also. Return of the total number of Cafitalties which have taken place in the Army abroad, during the latest twelve months for which Returns have been received from the East Indies-,commencing with the ift May 1803, and ending 30th April 1804: And also,

Return of the Deaths, Discharges, and Defcrtions, which have taken place in the Army at home, from ill May 1804 to 1 ft May 1805: And also.

Return of the number of Men added to the Army for general service (exclusive of new levies) from ill May 1804 to ill May 1805: And also,

Return of the number of Men added to the Army' for general service by new levies, between ift May 1804 and ill May 1805: And also,

Return of the Battalions allotted for the reception of Men to be raised under the Additional Force Act of the last Session; shewing the number of Battalions, and their total effective strength in Officers and non-commissioned Officers and private Men, on ift May 1805; also, an Account of the sums voted by Parliament for the said Battalions, under the following separate heads, —first,

PayT of Officers—second, Charge for Clothing non-commissioned Officers and private Men—third. Agency'— fourth. Annual Allowances to Field Officers and Captains, and for Great Coats—fifth. Pay and Daily Allowances to non-commissioned Officers and Private Men—and, sixth, the total Amount voted for the said Battalions: And also,

A Statement of the amount of Half-pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces on the 24th of June and the 24th of December 1804; shewing the diminution which took place in the latter half year: And also.

Return of the number of effective Men raised under an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent " additional force for the defence of the Realm, and to " provide for augmenting His Majesty’s Regular Forces, " and for the gradual reduction of the Mil itia of England" from the 6th day of April last to the period of ithe last Returns, Hating the number of effective men raised per week; distinguishing the number provided in each County by the Parish Officers from such as have been recruited on account of the Parishes by Officers in His Majesty’s service; and also specifying the number of effective men raised under the said Act, who have, within the above period, enlisted into Flis Majesty’s Regular Forces lor general service: And also.

Return of the effective Strength of the Royal Veteran and Garrison Battalions on the ill of May 1805.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Returns be printed, for the Members of the House. pndit. The faij Returns are inserted in the Appendix to

T5-) this Volume.

her Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an *the St" -Account of the number of Men wanting to complete y, His Majesty’s regular European Cavalry and Infantry on "*• the ill of May 1805; distinguishing the from the Foreign Troops, and the general from limited service.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Abstract of the Returns of Men raised under the permanent Additional Force Act, shewing the numbers raised in England and Wales, from the passing of the Act to the ift of February 1805, and from the ift of February to the present time; also, the fame with respect to Scotland and Ireland, severally, together with all the other particulars as specified in the recapitulation of similar Returns already presented to the House, dated from the Inspector General’s Office, the 4th of February 1805.

Vol, 60.

The House proceeded to take into consideration, the Lord? Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, ^Xoadw:u?r An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Broadzcaleri inclosare Bill, in the County of Suffbx. *sreed to»

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed!; viz.

Pr. 12. 1. 24.) Leave out " said John Neiuland"

&25T

39-^ Leave out " said John 'Nezvland as."

&40.S

Pr. 13. 1. 9.") Leave out " said William Stephen

& 10.3 " Poyntz."

1.24.7 Leave out " said William Stephen

& 25.3 " Poipitz as."

Pr.' 33. 1. 4. After "to" iiifert " alter or."

1. 6. After " to " insert " alter or."

1. 14. Leave out from the second "the" to " Lord " in 1. 16.

1. 26. Leave out " to" and in the fame line, leave out from " the " to " Lord " in line 28.

1. 30. After "the" insert " altered or."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Atkins do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to re- Committee of solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- ^5ys and fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply eans* granted to His Majesty, be now read:—And the fame Papers, being read; referred;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it Hood on the 31ft December 1804, be Nary Debt* referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Monies Disposition of given for the service of the year 1804 have been disposed Grants, of, distinguished under their several heads, so far as relates to Great Britain, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

, Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow. -

Mr. Alexander Mo acquainted the House, That he was, directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to-fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to re- Committee of solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Supply, fider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read:—And the fame being read; . Pet‘tioa*

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of the "erre ‘ Company of Merchants trading to Africa, be referred to African the said Committee. Company.

Ordered, That the Petition of sundry Noblemen, Veterinary Gentlemen, and others, Subscribers to an Institution ColleSe* called the Veterinary College, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the President and Mem- Board of bers of the Board of Agriculture, be referred to the said Agriculture, Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

51 Mri

398 Wyiinli. , 1805.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That Be That this House. will, upon Friday next, re- FxpHng they had come to several Resolutions; which they had solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- L-m* (wlti. directed him to report, when the House will please to lider further of the Bill for continuing several Laws duiuiif1'’ receive the same. relating to the regulating the prices at which Corn and

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That lie was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Befolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Bill respecting Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inti-co2of°f tule, J> An Act to remove doubts touching appointments

Chancery, to certain Offices in the Court of Chancery, made during

pailcdi the vacancy of the Office of Register, and Keeper of the Register and Regillers in that Court, be now read the third time:—The said Bill was accordingly read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Militia Offi- Ordered, That the Bill to empower His Majesty to re-rlrnmfnrHlll> tainuponFull Pay and Allowances, Officers of the Militia during the War, notwithstanding the Reduction, be now read a second time:—The said Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Befolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said BUI.

Committee on Befolved, That this House wall. Tommorrow, resolve ?ea°ingr<Pil- itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider char.) i iihery, of the Report which, upon the 5th day of April lad, was deferred. made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several principal Adventurers in the Pilchard Fishery, was referred.

Bill for vest- Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for vesting in the the Barrack"1 Barrack Mailer General for the time being, Estates held Mailer Ge- or occupied for the Barrack fen-ice, and authorizing him neral, paired. sell the same, with the coufent of the Lords Commissionfers of His Majesty’s Treasury, be now read the third time:—The said Bill was accordingly read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for vesting in the Barrack Mailer General for the time being, Estates held or occupied for the Barrack service, and authorizing him toll II the fame, with the coufent of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury'.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and dellre their concurrence.

Loyalty Loan Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Bill, reported. w]10|e ] I<jv;fc, to whom the Bill to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury to contract with certain Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts, passed in the 37th and 4 2d years of His present Majesty, for granting other Annuities in lieu thereof, or to pay the lame o/f at the period therein mentioned; was committed; be now received,

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

Grain may be exported from Great to Ireland,

and from Ireland to Great Britain; and to the admilliou to entry of Oil and Blubber of \eivfoumllaml, taken by H is Majesty’s Subjects carrying on the Fishery from, I

and redding in, the said I (land; and for reviving and continuing an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for permitting Bie Importation of Hides and other Articles in Foreign Ships.

Ordered, That the Bill to rest ify a Miliake in the Bill to amend name o: one of the C'nvnmi(honors appointed by an Act, Act to,-,p-pafl’ed in the present Session of Parliament, for appointing P01"1 Com-Comm i (boners to enqube into the Public Expenditure, Pah]'ic'Sun and the conduct cf Public Buhness, in the Military Ext*nditurt, Departments therein mentioned; he now read a second committei1, time:—The said Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Befolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said considered. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. A'exander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill •. and had directed him to report the same to the House, wi'hont any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Tabic.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, UniveriWrs intituled, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, paired in ^iu'.Tciarcd. the ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to reliraiu the " Disposition of Lands, whereby the fame become im-" alienable," as relirains Colleges within the two Uni-• versitics of Oxford and Cambridge from purchasing or holding Advowsons, except, as therein is provided; be read the third time upon Friday next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Biiltoprevent whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent the illegally carrying away Bark; and for amending two A ft s, deferred, pa (fed in the 6th and qth years of His present Majesty’s reign, for the preservation of Timber Trees, Underwoods,

Roots, Shrubs, Plants, Hollies, Thorns, and Quicksets; was committed; be received Tommorrow.

Befolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve Bill to amend itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, palfed Act, deferred in the 42d year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for consolidating the provisions of the several A his pa fled for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, into one Act.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for making and keep- siicflbKb ing in repair, a Carriage Road, to branch out of the jarred.’ Turnpike Road leading from Sheffield to Peniston, at the Township of Wadjley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join, in the Township of Lang vet in the said Riding, the Turnpike Road leading from caster to Salters Brook-, be read tire third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for authorizing the Crin-n Cr.r. Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to ad- Bill’lJdcrr' vance a certain fnm of Money, to be applied in completing the Crinan Canal j be read the third time Tomorrow.

Ordered,

45 Geo. III. 19°—20°J«.

399

Coigns Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Tr:tJe Bill, whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made

deterred. jn tpe ift year of His present Majesty, for the better

regulation and government of Seamen employed in the Coasting Trade, w as committed; be received Tommorrow.

Bill to nmeml Mr. Robert Wardp re fen ted to the Iloufo, according to Act tor Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the id year of ^;sy, King George the Bird, for the augmentation of the main-l>reienteJ. tenauce of the poor Clergy, so far as relates to the returns of Cert ificates into the Exchequer, and Gifts of personal property: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Rcfidved, That the Bill he read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill he printed.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 43d act respect-year of His present Majesty, to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great B, and to grant other of Cochineal, Duties in lieu thereof, might be read :—And the same to be tonfl' being read; dered’

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as charges Duties on the importation of Cochineal.

And then the House, having continued to fit till Half an Hour after twelve of the clock on Thursday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Committee on Report of Duke of Athol l’s petition.

King’* MefUge, respecting a Vote of Credit.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, upon the Petition of the Duke of and other

matters relating to the IJlc of Man;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

»-p 11 c .1 V- {Mr. Secretary at "War,7

Tellers for the Yeas, >Mr 95.

The Earl Term l'\

Tellers for the Noes.

+i

Mr. Cun

7

3

So it was resolv d in the Affirmative:

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. 1 Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, That they had made a progress in the matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-.hder further of the said Report.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presentod the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered); and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

HIS Majesty thinks proper to acquaint the House of Commons, That the Communications which have taken place, and are still depending, between His Majesty and feme of the Powers of the Continent, have not yet been brought to such a point, as to enable His Majesty to lay the resultof them before the House; or to enter into any farther explanation with the French Government, con-' fiftently with the sentiments exp re fled by His Majesty at the opening of the present Session :—But His Majesty conceives that it may be of essential importance, that He should have it in His power to avail Ilimself of any favourable conjuncture, for giving el left to such a concert with other Powers, as may aflord the bell means of refilling the inordinate ambition of France, and may be most likely to lead to a terminat ion of the present contest, on grounds confident with the permanent safety and interests of His Majesty’s Dominions, and the security and independence of Europe. His Majesty therefore recommends it to the House of Commons, to consider of making provision for enabling His Majesty to take such measures, and enter into such engagements, as the exigencies of aft airs may require.

G. R.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s said most gracious Message be referred to the consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to Mis Majesty,

VOL. 60,

Jovis, 20° die Junii;

Anno 45® Georgii III*11 Regis, 180$.

Prayers.

MR. Baldicinpresentod to the House, according to Hutton’s

Order, a Bill for confirming and establishing the Ambo Award and Decree made and passed on the Division and presented B Inclosure of Lands in the Township of in

the North Riding of the County of York: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Rcfoked, That the Bill be read a second time.

Incioiure Bill* polled.

An ingossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Township Swaffhara of Sieafsham Prior, in the County of Cambridge; was Pn0*

read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 28. To leave out " said," and insert " Pre-* " fidentor" instead thereof, and to leave out, " and Fellows."

After " College," to insert " aforesaid

1. 29. 1. 30. 1- 35-

for the time being."

To leave out from " them"

Pr. 6.

to " at,"

in I. 32.

To leave out " Common Seal," and insert " I lands " instead thereof. After " said," to insert " President or," and to leave out from " Mailer" to the second " the" in 1. 37.

After " said," to insert " President or." To leave out " and Fellows."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill w'as amended at the Table accordingly.

Refoked, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of ham Prior, in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Lord Charles Manners do

carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

1-3&

1. 10. 1. 11.

An ingossed Bill for paving, and otherwise improving, Scarbrough the Streets and other Places in the Township of Scar- Paving, &c.

brough, in the North Riding of the County of York; and Blll> for licensing Hackney Coaches, and establishing other Regulations in the said Township; was read the third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 21. I.31. To leave out from " Months" to " And," in Pr. 22. 1. 21.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for paving, and otherwise improving, the Streets and other Places in the Township of Scarbrough, in the North Riding of the County of York-, and for Licensing Hackney Coaches, and establishing other Regulations in the said Towmlliip.

Ordered, That General Phipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

a A Petition

400

20

o <'V*

A. 1805.

Petition of

Innholders of Totnes.

A Petition of the Innholders, V ictuallers, and Publicans, of the Town and Borough of Totnes, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the present Allowance of one halfpenny^ier day for each Soldier, while in Quarters, for lodging,

fiuai

castle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this-House: And also.

The Lords have paded a Bill, intituled, An Act

The Lords have palTtd

vinegar, firing, candles, wear and tear of kitchen utensils, for confirming certain Building Leases granted by the

Carmarthen Gaol Bill, passed.

and bedding, and the walking of the latter, is very inadequate to the Losses the Petitioners sustain thereby: Anti therefore praying for such relief as the House shall think them entitled to.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing an Act of the 32d year of I lis present Majesty, for building a Gaol for the Town and County Borough of Carmarthen, and for pa\ ing, lighting, and supplying the said Town with water, and for granting other powers for those and other purposes relating thereto; was read the third time.

Be salved.That the Bill do pal’s: And that the Title be. An Act to repeal fovnuch of an Act, passed in the thirty-fecoml year of His present Majesty, as relates to the building a Gaol and l louse of Correction for the Town and County Borough of Carmarthen; and for watching, and supplying the said Town with Water, and for granting further powers for those and other purposes relating thereto.

Ordered, That Sir William Paxton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Right honourable Charles Earl Camden, deceased, and the Prebendary of the Prebend of Canllotves, in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London, and by the Right honourable John Jeffreys, now Earl Camden, and the said Prebendary; and for enabling the said John Jeffreus Earl Camden and others, with the consent of the Prebendary, to grant similar Leases in future of the Prebendal Lands of Kentish Town, in the County of Middle sex, and for rectifying a mistake in the present Earl’s Marriage Settlement relating to those Lands; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

• And the said Bill from the Lords wras read the first time.

Befoked, That the Bill be read a second time.

EArl Cam-den’s Estate Bill.

Bill rad.

The Lords have agreed to

Irish Election Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pepysand Mr. Simeon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland,

The Lord Glenhervie reported, That he had, according to Order, carried to the Lords the Answer of this House, to that part of the Message from the Lords of Friday last, which relates to the attendance of the Lord Prc-fident of the Council, the Earl of and the Earl St. Vincent.

Answer re-

spefring certain Pters, carried to the Lord*.

Ordered, That the Lord Glenhervie do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent the illegally carrying away Bark; and for amending two Acts, passed in the 6th

Bill toprwet

the carrying away of Bark, reported.

in the thirty-fifth year of His present Majesty, forregu- and gth years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the dating the Election of Members to serve inTParliament, preservationofTimberTrees, Umlehvoods, Roots, Shrubs,

Lancaster Justices Bill.

so far as relates to Freeholds under the yearly value of Twenty pounds, and for making further and other Regulations relating thereto; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Plants, Hollies, Thorns, and Quicksets; was committed.

The Lord Glenhervie accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his

Fan Brink, 6lc. Drainage Bill.

to empower the Justices of the Peace within the Division place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-or Hundred of Sa'ford, in the County Palatine of I.an- ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments coffer, to raise a sum of Money to be paid by way of were once read throughout; and then a second time, one Salary to the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions for the by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, said Hundred; without any Amendment: And also, were agreed to by the House.

The Ixirds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ordered, That the Bill, with

for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth year of His present Majesty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Z,ei’t’/, and certain Low Lands adjoining or near thereto, and to the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk; and for improving the

the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the w'hole House, to whom it was referred,

Report on

Importation

Navigation of the said River from or near a place called to consider of permitting the Importation of Goat Skins in Foreign

r,

t Si

Cdrtleton Courts Baron Bill.

Rrdditch Chapel Bill.

Ryhill, &c, Indof urc Bill,

Fjiu Brink to the Harbour of Lynn; and for improving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the thirty-third year of his late Majesty, for regulating the Proceedings in personal Actions in the respective Courts Baron of the Hundred of High Peak, and Manor of Capet on, in the County of Derby -, and for extending the Powers of the said Courts; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Chapel in the Hamlet of in the

Parish of Tardehigg, in the Counties of Worcester and

Warwick; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships or Hamlets of Byhill and Camerton, in the East Rifling of the County of York; and for making Compensation for the Tythes thereof, and all’o for the Tythes of the ancient inclosed Lands within the said Townships or Hamlets; without any Amendment: And also.

in Foreign Ships, on payment of the like Duties as if imported jn British or Irish Ships; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the fame was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

Bejhlved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Goat Skins be permitted to be imported into Great Britain and Ireland in Foreign Ships, on payment of the like Duties as if imported in British or Irish Ships, for a limited time.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the

House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee inftraftioa of the vdiole House, to whom the Bill for continuing several Laws relating to the regulating the Prices at which Corn and Grain may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and to the admission to entry of Oil and Blubber of taken by His Majesty’s Subjects carrying on the Fishery from, and refuting in, the said Istand; and for reviving

Lawton and

Burilem Ronds Bill, with Amendments.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act and continuing an Act, of the last Session of Parliament,

to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of two Acts, passed in the third and twenty-third years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Lawton, in the County of Chfter, to Bur Hem and New-

for permitting the Importation of Hides and other articles in Foreign Ships; is re-committed; that they have power to make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Mr.

fe

i;

It

Jl

45 Geo. III. 20 °Junil401

«rican Mn Rose presented to the House, according to Order, sol F.xpor- a j}i[[ to permit the Exportation of Wool from the

Plantations in America to the United Kingdom: And the 111 Cl fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a feeond time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a feeond time Tommorrow.

wcester i Berkeley lal Bill, orttd.

ootlen >ods Ex-nation Bill, raraitttd.

i Marche's it. Bill, mmitted

lemnity

Jill,

unitted.

Admiral Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal, to vary and alter the Line of a certain part of the said Canal, and to enable the said Company to raise a further sum of Money for carrying into execution the several Acts for making the said Canal; was committed; and to whom the Petition of Samuel White, Esquire, was referred \ That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hi.m tp report to the House; together with a List of the names of the Persons who have alTented or difiented in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lift, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report w as read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the feeond reading of the Bill for repealing the Duty chargeable on Woollen Goods, of the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to the East Indies; be now read ;—And the fame being read ;—The said Bill was read a feeond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the wrhole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Bernhard La Marche, was read a feeond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed Admiral Berkeley, Sir John William Anderson, &c. r And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the feeond reading of the Bill to indemnify all Persons concerned in advancing £.40,000 to Mefl’rs. Boyd, Ben field, and

Company, in 1796, out of Monies issued for Naval Services; be.now read:—And the fame being read;—The said Bill was read a feeond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

•Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said i*p«rted; Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling His Majesty to grant a certain Creek, called Chelfon Bay, in or near the Parish of Ply nipt on Saint Mary, in the County of Devon, and for veiling the fame, for a valuable consideration, in the Right honourable John Lord Boringdon, and his heirs.

And Mr. Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill ordered, enabling His Majesty to grant a certain Creek called Chelfon Bay, in or near the Parish of Plympfon Saint Mary, in the County of Devon, and for veiling the fame, for a valuable consideration, in the Right honourable John Lord Boringdon, and his heirs: Arid that Mr. Alexander, Mr. SturgesBourne, and Mr. Bastard, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Loyalty Loan reading of the ingrossed Bill to enable the Con uni (Tinners BlW> Pa*Ttcl-of the Treasury to contract with certain Proprietors of Stock, created by two Acts passed in the 37 th and 4 :d years of His present Majesty, for granting other Annuities in lieu thereof, or to pay the same olfat the period therein mentioned; be nowyead:—And the fame being read ;—The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved,"That the Bill lo pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury to contract with certain Proprietors of Stock, created by two Acts passed in the thirty-seventh and forty-second years of His present Majesty, for granting other Annuities in lieu thereof, or to pay the same off at the period therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Bill to amend ing of the ingrossed Bill to rectify a mistake in the name to ■1P-of one of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, pasted ^ffioners'on in the present Session of Parliament, for appointing Com- Public missioners to enquire into the Public Expenditure, and 1 xaIJ^j*,turc* the conduct of Public Business, in the Military Depart- P c ments therein mentioned; be now read :—And the fame being read;—The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to rectify a mistake in the name of one of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, pasted in the present Session of Parliament, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Public Expenditure, and the conduct of Public Business, in the Military Departments therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

gate The House. being informed, that Mr. Prilzler, Secre-unt, taiT to the Trustees for Ram Harbour, attended at ited. the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, present ed to the House, pursuant to the directions of an Act of Parliament,

Ramsgate Harbour Trull Account, from the 24th June 1803 to the 24th June 1804.

And then he withdrew :—And the Title was read, Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

J'on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to

i B>y rek)lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to '• consider of the Report, which was yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right honourable John Lord Boringdon, was referred; be now re,a<fAnd the fame being read;—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into Confident further consideration, the Report from the Committee of of Report the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of southern* an Act, made in the 38th year of His present Majesty, for Whale the further encouraging the Southern Whale Fisheries; be now read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, 'for the House to committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tO Importation consider of Duties payable on importation of Straw Platt, delmd and any Wares made of the fame; be now readAnd * ’ the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

he Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Bill to amend solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Com A<-b the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last defermi-

5 K Session

402 20° Junii. A. 1805.

Session of Parliament, to regulate the Importation and Exportation of torn, and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Report

Supply.

African

Forts.

Veterinary

College.

Board of Agriculture.

Coining Trade Bill, deferred.

Crinan Canal Bill, passed.

Middle Pex Election— Consideration of Petition of Freeholders, deferred.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it w as referred to eonfider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterw'ards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it istheOpinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Eighteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding One thousand five hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied in support of an Institution called The Veterinary College, for the year 1805.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Board of Agriculture, for the service of the year 1805.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 31ft year of His present Majesty, for the better regulation and government of Seamen employed in the Coasting Trade, was committed; be now read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for authorizing the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to advance a certain sum of Money, to be applied in completing the Cr •inan Canal; be now read:—And the fame being read; The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for authorizing the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury in Great Britain to advance a certain sum of Money, to be applied in completing the Crinan Canal.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deli re their concurrence.

The House was moved, that the Order, made upon "Monday last, for taking into consideration. Tommorrow, the Petition of George Boulton Maimoarirrg, Efipiire, Sir William Gibbons-, Baronet, Sir William Curtin, Baronet, Henry Thornton, YJi\u\ve, William Melli/h, Esquire, and

Samuel Pepys Cockerell, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election for the said County; might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Monday next, at Three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again font to the Parties, with Orders for their attendance accordingly.

committee on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House Siiir'ts' for to n’f°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Exportation, eonfider of regulating the distilling of Spirits in England for exportation to Scotland, and in Scotland for exportation to England, and for better securing the Duties payable thereon; be now read And the same being read;—The 1 Ioufe resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Robert Dundas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Robert Dundas reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will pleaseto receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Dundas accordingly reported from the said Com- reported, mittee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the distilling of Spirits in England for exportation to Scotland, and in Scotland for exportation to England-, and for better securing the Duties payable thereon.

And Mr. Dundas moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for re- Bill ordered, gulating the distilling of Spirits in England for exportation to Scotland, and in Scotland for exportation to England-, and for better securing the Duties payable thereon:

And that Mr. Dundas, Mr. Hujkijfon, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Aarefpe&inj eonfider so much of an Act, made in the 43d year of His twionoT* present Majesty, as charges Duties on the importation Cochineal, of Cochineal; be now read :—-And the fame being read;

—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Robert Dundas took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Robert Dundas reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrowr.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Woollen reading of the Bill to continue the operation of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to suspend Pro- Bill, ceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, committed, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the reign of Queen,

so far as the fame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture; be now read:—

And the same being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.

That the said Bill be now read a second time;

The Amendments following wrere proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the word " now," and at the end of the Question to add the words " upon this day three " Months."

And the Question being proposed. That the word " now," stand part of the Question;

The said proposed Amendment was, writh leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill he now read a second time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a second time.

O

Resolved, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of several Clothiers of the County of York, Petition the Clothworkers of York, Wilts, Somerfty and Gloucef m ter, and the Inspectors of Wilts and Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the said Bill 5 and setting forth, That, if the fame should pass into a law, it will prove highly injurious to the Petitioners and others engaged in the said Manufactures:

And therefore praying, That they may be heard by their counsel, agents, or witnesses, against the said Bill, and that the fame may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then beard, by their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think lit.

43 Geo. III. 20"Jinn.

403

mnts of Mr. llnjkijfun presented to the House, pursuant to their iequtr Orders,

med An Account flic wing the amount of Exchequer Bills "e' issued per Act 44 Geo. III. cap. 45. intituled, "An Act " for raising the sum of J[. 8,000,000, by Loans or Ex-«* chequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the " year 1804," outlianding and unprovided for: And also.

An Account diewing the amount of Exchequer Bills ifluedper Act 44 Geo. III. cap. 46. intituled, "An Act " for raising the sum of £. 1,500,000, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the " year 1804," outstanding and unprovided for.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table. -I’pcndix, The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to 0. 66.) this Volume.

imittfftn Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to d°TaxCnJ resolvo itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon miction the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, pafledinthe 42dyear of His present Majesty’s Reign, for consolidating the provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, into one Act; be now read :—And the fame being read ;—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

-land— Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House Uo'.'mfmi' *° re^ve itfftf into a Committee of the whole House, ,-u'Last Act. upon Bill to amend an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, for the support of the honour and dignity of His Majesty’s Crown in Ireland, and for granting to His Majesty a Civil List Establishment, under certain provisions and regulations; be now read:—And the fame being read;—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

ate for Mr. Fojfcr presented to the House, by His Majesty’s ST" command:—An Estimate of the Sums necessary for the rs in remuneration of several Public Officers in Ireland for their extraordinary trouble in the year 1805 :—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table. •mhr, The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to 23-1 this Volume.

&c. Mr. llnjkijfon presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

1. An Account of all the Pensions granted by the Crown, between 1 ft May 1804 and ill April 1805: And also,

• Copies of all Sign Manuals, Writs of Privy Seal, letters Patent, and King’s Warrants, by which Additions have been made to the Salaries of any public OtFicers during the years 1804 and 1805: And also,

of An Account of the Monies paid under Warrants, or rui Precepts, of the Barons of the Exchequer, directed to the Receiver General of Customs and Salt, to the Commissioners or Cashier of Excise, or to the Receiver of Land Rents and Revenues in Scotlanfrom 31ft December 1797 to the latest period to which the fame can be made up, towards discharging such Fees, Salaries, and Allowances, as have no relation to the Judicial Establishment; specifying the date of each Warrant, the authority by which the fame was ifl’ucd, the person in whose favour it Vo*. 60.

was drawn, the purpose for which it was drawn, and the sum paid by authority thereof; and distinguishing whether the said Monies were paid out of His Majesty’s Revenues, or out of any of the Branches of the Public Revenue in the general Customs and, Excise: And also.

An Account of His Majesty’s hereditary and reserved Hereditary Revenues in Scotland-, distinguishing the several branches m

of which they consist, and Hating the annual Receipts on each branch, from the 31ft December 1782 to the latest period to which the fame can be made out: And also.

An Account of His Majesty’s hereditary and reserved Revenues under the Receipt of the Receiver General for Scotland; distinguishing the several branches of which they consist, for the years 1783 and 1804, and intervening years: And also,

An Account of His Majesty’s hereditaiy and reserved Revenues under the management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotlatid, commonly called New Sub-

fidy; Hating the annual Receipt from the 31st of December 1781 to the 10th of October 1803, being the latest period to which the fame can be made up: And also.

An Account of Money paid into the Receivers General of the Customs in Scotland upon account of Fines and Forfeitures, from 31st December 1782 exclusive to 1 oth October 1804 inclusive, being the latest period to which the fame can be made up And also.

An1 Account of His Majesty’s hereditary and reserved Revenues in Scotland; distinguishing the several branches of which they consist, and stating the annual Receipt in each branch from 5th July 1782 to 5th July 1804: And also,

An Account specifying such Arrears of Land Rents, i^nd Rents, or other annual Revenues of the Crown in Scotland, as Scot‘ have been settled or discharged otherwise than by actual payment of the fame, from the 31ft December 1782:

And also.

An Account of the Grants that have been made to Grants of dv Subjects, during the reign of His present Majesty, of Land Rents, Bishopric Rents, or other branches of His Majesty’s hereditary and reserved Revenues in Scotland t And also.

An Account of all Pensions that have been charged £?n.(j0Tn.s,°" upon His Majesty’s Civil List Establishment in Scotland Scotland.m since the last Order of the House of 5th of June 1801; specifying the times when granted, and the Persons to whom they are or may be payable: And also.

An Account of all Monies issued by the Receiver Ge- Monies issued neral of Land Rents and Revenues in Scotland since the 31ft December 1797, to the latest period to which the fury Orders, fame can be made up, in pursuance of Orders from the 4c> Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or under any other authority than that of Warrants from the Barons of Exchequer: And also.

An Account of all Monies that have been issued by the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland since the 31ft December 1797, to the latest period to which the fame can be made up, in pursuance of Orders from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or under any other authority than that of Warrants from the Barons of Exchequer: And also.

An Account of all Monies issued by the Receiver General of Customs in Scotland since the 31ft December 1797, to the latest period to which the fame can be made up, in pursuance of Orders from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or under any other authority than that of Warrants from the Barons of Exchequer.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to Appendix, this Volume. (No. 67.)

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the tJns' Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in 1 at

Surplus of

Consolidated

Fund.

Surplus of Grants,

The Lords have agreed to

Lotteries Bill.

Sranish Wine Duties Bill.

Militia Pay Bill.

Militia Adjutants, &c. Bill.

Militia Subalterns Bill.

Irish Militia Pay Bill.

Bill to continue lr;1h Fees, &c. Commissioners A&.

Expiring Laws (perpetual) Bill.

404

at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

R-V<Vm/, Thatit is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be illu d and applied the sum of Four Millions, out of the Monies that shall arise of the surplus of the Consolidated Fund.

20° Ji

A.1805.

Fees of Officers of the Customs, and of Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in Newfoundland-, without any Amendment: And also, The Lor*

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Tru flees therein named to erect and build a Estatejjiu. new Bridge over the River Avon, on the North-west side

Re/bkrd, Thnt it istheOpinionof this Committee, That, of the Manor of Bath in the County of

towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the sum of One Million one hundred ninety-two thousand one hundred and fifteen Pounds nineteen'(killings and eleven pence halfpenny, being-the surplus of the Grants for the year 1804.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, we/e, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to determined by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Re-fohitions: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Lovable, Lord Viscount Fifz-harris, Mr. Long, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Sturges Bourne, and Mr. Hujkifjhn, do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller Pcpijs and Mr. Simeon:

M r. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a sum of Money, to be raised by Lotteries; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Spanish Red Wine imported into Great Britain; without any Amendment; and also, '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Bn 'a in, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five; without any Amendment: And also,

to communicate with the Parish of Walcot, and the Road from the City of Bath to London; and also to raise a sufficient sum of Money for that purpose, by a charge on the Trust Estates of the late General Pultenei); to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the first Bill read time.

lief deed. That the Bill be read a second time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Motion for That an humble Address be presented to 1 lis Majesty, Addressno;

i tt *111 n 1 r i J to prorogue

praying, that. He will be graeioudy plealed not to pro- Pm-ii.um.ut. rogue His Parliament until He shall have been enabled to afford to this House more full information^ with respect both to His Majesty’s relations with Foreign Powers, and to His views and prospects in the contest in which His Majesty is engaged;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

(Mr. Calcraft,

'Mr. Smith, of no.

( zvieh:

T*«for«heNoe,j^;^0;f^j ,6,. So it passed in the Negative.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to Committreon resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act fider of the Report which was yesterday made from the Harixmr, to revive, and further continue, until the twenty-fifth Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, deferred, day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, and Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, was amend so much of an Act, made in the thirty-ninth and referred;

- ----- And the House having continued to fit till half an hour

after two of the clock on Friday morning;

Bfolved, That this House will, this day? resolve itself into the said Committee.

fortieth year of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Maiors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords hav? agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for defraying until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, the charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland', for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for OUences committed during the time l’uch M ilitia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six, and from thence until the end of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the Lift Session of Parliament, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are or have been lately received in the several Public Offices in Ireland therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the fame, and into the present mode of receiving, col-

' A Bill to amend several Acts passed in the Parliament Ireland- of Ireland, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Losses of such of His Majesty’s loyal subjects as have flittered in their property during the Rebellion in Ireland-, comm, lt and for other purposes in the said Acts mentioned; was, accordin': to Order, read a second time.

R'folvd, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

R‘Calved, That this House will, this day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the day being read, for the I Toufe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon (he Bill to empower His Majesty to retain upon Full Pay and Allowances Officers of the Militia, during the War, notwithstanding the Reduction;

Rtf lived, That this House will, this day, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to Committee!*

, -.r.,-. . J... ' .... , , ,r /•_ Reoortrc-

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which, upon the 5th day of April chard

i;

Ie6ing, iHning, and accounting for Public Money in last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Peti- dckrred*

Ireland; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making perpetual, and amending, several Laws for encouraging the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, and securing the Duties on Foreign Sail Cloth imported, and for making perpetual several Laws for permitting the Exportation of a certain quantity of Corn and Grain

tion of several principal Adventurers in the Pilchard Fisherv, was referred;

ResolveJy That this House will, this day, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the third reading she/ficM, vU. of the ingrossfed Bill for making, and keeping in repair, a

to Guernjh, Jerfej/, and Alderney, and for regulating the Carriage Road, to branch out of the Turnpike Road

leading

45 Geo. III. 20—21° funii. 405

leading from Sheffield to Patijhn, at the Township of Amendments, In at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Wad/ley, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join Amendments were once read throughout; and then a in the Town I hip of Lancet in the said Riding, the Turn- second time, one by one; and, upon the Queliion feve-

pike Road leading from Donca/t erto Sailer's Brook-, rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That tli£ said Bill be read the third time Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

this day.

li to amend The other Order of the day being read :—The Bill to a tar Main- amend an Act, made in the ill year of King George the wdergy, Fil'd, for the augmentation of the maintenance of the icrred. ’ poor Clergy, so far as relates to the Returns of Certificates into the Exchequer, and Gifts of personal Property, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Be)bleed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, this day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Veneris, 21°;

Anno 450 Georgii III. U Regis, i S 05. Prayers.

erford "A/T R. Penruddocke Wyndham reported from the Com-nts, la-. 1V1 mittee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in

the.Parish o Somer ford Keynes, in the County of was committed; That ttie Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, re'a-tive to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; (except the Proprietors of Eliates of the annual value of £. 25. 10 who refused to sign the Bill; and also except the Proprietors of Eliates of the annual value of £. 96, who were neuter; and that the whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is of the annual value of £. 1,341. 5 s.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Quellioh severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

ic. Mr. Hairy Lascelles reported from the Committee, to Bill, whom the Bill for draining and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs, within the several Parishes, Town-lliips, and Places of Selby, Thor ft Willoughby,

Hambleton, South Milforlh, Park, H'i/low,

BcjlPark, Lennerton, Sherburn, Biggin, Church Fenton, Little Fenton, and Barkston Ash, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; and to whom the

Petition of several Owners of Eliates in the Pari I h of Church Fenton, and in the Townships and Places of Church Fenton, Little Fenton, and Biggin, in the West Riding of the County of York-, and also the Petition of Lucas Nkholjhn, of Ixeds, in the County of York, Gen-

tleman, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that, the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Vol. 60.

ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the term, aftd alter and Lentt and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed in the 1 ft and 22d years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road jailed..' leading from Whiteerq/s,in the Parish of Leven

derness, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Beverley, in the said County; was read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed in the ill and 22d years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Whitecro/s, in the Parish of Leven in Holdeme/s, in the East Riding of the County of York, to the Town of Be* verleif, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Denisondo cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Watson reported from the Committee, to whom Dean and the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for,

enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury to grant EfcteMW a Building Lease of certain Lands in the County of Sur- reported, and ret), for the term of ninety-nine years, to William Clutlon and Robert Boxall, pursuant tq an Agreement entered into

for that purpose, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:

—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Watson do camr the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Leycefterreported from the "Committee, to whom Hanflondf-

the Bill for Snclosing Lands in the Parish of . T!°J.th _...

worth, in the County of Middlesex, was committed; That reported * the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the" Committee; (except the Proprietors of Eliates assessed to the Land Tax at £. 132. 12A. 6d. who refused to lign the Bill, and also except the Proprietors of Eliates assessed to the Land Tax at £. 139. 14.9. 6d. who were neuter; and that the whole of the Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is assessed at £. 1,132. 16 s. per annum; and that no Person appeared

before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in. his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act LingiunYs to dissolve the Marriage of William Lingham the younger, Divorce Bill, with Eliza Lingham his now Wife, and to enable him cotnHU* to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned; was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w’hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-

L night.

406

21° fu

A. 1805.

./night, the lit day of July next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear counsel, and examine witnesses, for the said Bill; and also; that they do hear counsel, and examine witnesses, against the said Bill; if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by counsel,

- or produce witnesses.

Gwnmitteeon Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to PeOtbnfrom re^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Navil Afy- consider of the Report which, upon Wednesday last, was

turn, deferred, made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governors and Committee of the Naval Asylum, whole names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; be now read:—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Cliughton , Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third t ??<f>r mi readhig of the ingrossed Bill for inclosing a certain Tract paired." ’ or Parcel of Mqor, Common, or Waste Ground, called Claughton Moor, within and Parcel of the Manor of Claughton in Lon/dale, in the County Palatine of Lan-cajicr, and for converting the fame into a Stinted Paliure; be now read:—And the fame being read;

And the House being informed, that William Maire, of Warrington, in the County Palatine of who

' petitioned this House upon Monday last, praying to be heard, by himself, his counsel, agents, or witnesses, against the said Bill, declined being heard against the fame;

The said Bill was read the third time.

ResolvedThat the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing a certain Tract or Parcel of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, called Claughton Moor, within and Parcel of the Manor of Claughton in dale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for converting the fame into a Stinted Pasture.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon . the Bill to indemnify all Persons concerned in advancing £. 40,000 to Messrs. B Betand Company, in 1796, out of Monies issued for Naval Services, be now read:—And the fame being read;—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Denison took the Chair of the Committee.

' Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Denison reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill;- and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Chtlfon Bay Mr. Bastard presented to the House, according to presented Order, a Bill for enabling His Majesty to grant'a cer-P ‘; tain Creek called Chelfon Bay, in or near the Parish of

Plympton Saint Mary, in the County of Devon, and for veiling the fame, for a valuable consideration, in the Right honourable John Lord Boringdon, and his heirs: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Newnham Aii ingrossed Bill to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an Act, passed in the 23d year of pa * ’ His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from the Passage or Ferry over the River Severn at Newnham, to a place called Saint White’s, adjoining the the Forest of Dean in the County of Gloucester; was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the term and alter and enlarge the powers of an Act, passed in the 23d year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from the Passage pr Ferry over the River Severn at Newnham, to a place called Saint White’s, adjoining the Forest of Dean i# the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Admiral Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to indemnity all Persons concerned in indenwi* advancing £. 40,000 to Messrs. Boyd, and Com- Blil»pnii

pany, in 1796, out of Monies issued for Naval Services; was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to indemnity all Persons concerned in advancing Forty thousand Pounds to Messrs. Boyd, Benfield, and Company, in the year one thouliind seven hundred and ninety-lix, out of Monies issued for Naval Services.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry LafccVes do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That there bo laid before this House, an Acvounti ' Account of what Money has been issued by the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, in pursuance of an Act, passed in ordered. ’ the 43d year of His present Majesty, to render more effectual an Act, passed in the 5II1 year of His present Majesty, relating to the difoovery of the Longitude at Sea, and for other purposes.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Money disbursed by the Commissioners of Longitude between July 1803 and June 11805.

A Petition of the Innholders, Victuallers, and Publicans Potion of of the City and Suburbs of Winchester, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the present Allowances of one shilling and four pence for each soldier for three meals and beer, and of one halfpenny per day while stationed in quarters,

and passing men as well as those on recruiting service, for lodging, salt, vinegar, firing, candles, wear and tear of kitchen utensils and bedding, and the washing of the latter, is very inadequate to the losses the Petitioners sustain thereby: And therefore praying the House, to grant such relief in the premises as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second America reading of the Bill to permit the Exportation of Wool from the Britishi Plantations in America to the United Kingdom; be now read:—And the fame being read;—

The said Bill w as read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House ComTmtwoo to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon for Viin-the Bill to amend an Act, made in the ift year of King tenauevrf George the First, lor the augmentation of the maintenance powCk’tf* of the poor Clergy, so far as relates to the returns of Certificates into the Exchequer, and Gilts of personal property; be now read:—And the lame being read;—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sturges Bourne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sturges Bourne reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report tile fame to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Tueulay next.

Ordered, That the Older of the day, for the House to

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole J louse, upon the Bill to continue the operation of an Act, passed in sufpyiiio* the iaft Session of Parliament, to suspend Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, lb far as the fame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the

lied

45 Geo. III. 21° Junii. '407

said Manufactnro, he now read:—And the fame being read;—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the* Chair.

Air. Baldwin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refilmed the Chair.

Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, That they had gene through the Bill and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday

next.

•poton Act Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into

uthtm8 further con fi derat ion, the Report from the Committee of

vvh»ie the whole House. to whom it was referred to consider of

Fishery, an Act, made in the 38th year of His present Majesty,

ierejr.COn* for the further encouraging the Southern Whale Fisheries, be now read :—And t he fame being read;—The House proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration.

And the Resolution of the Committee being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. ill ordered. Ordered, That a Bill be brought, in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Bo/?, Mr. Sturges Bourne, Mr. TI it/hiJim, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

'ommittee on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to iwTiExpor* re ve itfolf into a Committee of the whole House, upon ation Bill, the Poll for repealing the Duty chargeable on Woollen Goods, of the maimfacture of Great Britain, exported to the East Indies; be now read:—And the fame being read ;—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Sneaker left the Chair.

Mr. Starves Bourne took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Sneaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Starves Bourne reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday

next.

Vreiwuling Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to autho-1‘ ’#rilered* rize the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to permit certain Articles to be warehoused in different ports m Great Britain, upon giving security for the payment of Duties upon the Articles therein mentioned: And that Air. St urges Bourne, Mr. Hujkijfon, Mr. Rose, and Air. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

lileBii! Ordered, That Mr. Stu Bourne do make the Retorted. ’ port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the 31ft year of Mis present Majesty, for the better regulation and government of Seamen employed in the Coasting Trade; was committed.

Mr. Sturges Bourne accordingly reported from the said Committge, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Alonday next.

<rrpTtlt Ordered, That tire Order of the day, for the third read-

ofBark, lQgof the ingrafted Bill to prevent the illegally carrying * away Bark; and for amending two Acts, passed in the

6th and 9th years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the

preservation of Timber Trees, Underwoods, Roots, VOL 60.

Shrubs, Plants, Hollies, Thorns, and Quicksets; be now read :—And the fame being read;—The said Bill w as read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr.'4. 1. 38. After1 Majesty," to insert " in Great Britain."

Pr. 5. 1. 1 After " subjects " to insert " in Great Britain."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to prevent in Great Britain the illegally carrying away Bark; and for amending two Acts, passed in the sixth and ninth years of His present Majesty’s reign, for the preservation of Timber Trees, Underwoods, Roots,

Shrubs, Plants, Hollies, Thorns, and Quicksets.

Ordered, That t he Lord Glenbervie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deft re their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Lord Glenbervie do make the Bill to amend Report from the Committee of the whole House, to L^ndTax whom the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act,'reported. Act, passed in the 42d year of His present Majesty’s reign, for consolidating the provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax into one Act; was committed.

The Lord Glenbervie accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

A Bill to repeal several Acts, passed in the Parliament Dublin of Ireland, for regulating the Baking Trade in the City and County of Dublin, and Liberties thereof, and for better regulating the said Trade; and for preventing frauds in the buying and selling of Com; was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Latouche, Mr. Fofcr, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed, that Mr. Rix, from the Account of Commissioners of Excise, attended at the door; he was Herr'ngs called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur- ineof suant to their Order, presented.

An Account of the number of Barrels of Herrings caught and cured in the Isle of Man, and under the provisions of an Act, passed in the 26th year of the reign of His Majesty, and other Acts relating thereto, brought to England under certificate from His Majesty’s Collector or Comptroller of the Customs in the Isle of Man, and exported to Foreign Parts, receiving Bounties on the fame, payable out of and from like Funds, as Herrings caught and cured in Great Britain, from the year 1790 to the year 1804, inclusive, with the amount of the Bounties each year paid thereon ;—with a Duplicate.

And then he withdrew:—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Robert Dundas, according to Order, reported Reporton Act from the Committee of the whole House, to w hom it was J^rtTtfon * referred to consider cf so much of an Act, made in the of CochintaU 43d year of His present Majesty, as charges Duties on the importation of Cochineal, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at

the

A. 1805.

Accounts of East India Company's Soldiers, prifenied.

Apptndix, (No. 15.)

Further Papers relating to Ships of War, presented.

408 21° fu

the Clerk’s 'fable: Where the fame were read; and are any Irregularities or Abuses which may have taken place as followeth; viz. in conducting and managing the paving, cleansing, and

Re felted, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That lighting the Streets of Dublin, and to provide for the the Duties chargeable by the said Act upon the impor- Suspension of the Powers and Authorities of the Corpo-tation of Cochineal Dull and Granilla into Great Britain, ration of Directors and Cormni til oners for paving, clcanf-

other than by the United Company Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, do cease and determine.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That upon every pound weight avoirdupois of all Cochineal Dull imported into Great Britain, other than by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, there shall be charged a duty of one penny farthin

ing, and lighting the said Streets, and for veiling the fame in other Persons during such Suspension; and for the better conducting and managing the bufmefsof the said Corporation; was re-committed; be now read :— And the same being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

1S•

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to irthmi-Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Committee* upon every pound weight avoirdupois of Granilla im- the Bill to amend several Acts, passed in the Parliament compM^ ported into Great Britain, other than by the United of Irelanfor appointing Commissioners to enquire into tok>y*jiiu. Company of Merchants of England trading to the East the Lofl’es of such of His Majesty’s loyal Subjects as have Indies, there diall be charged a duty of three pence suffered in their property during the Rebellion in Ireland; and for other purposes in the said Acts mentioned;

Bill ordered.

halfpenny.

The feid Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Refohitions: And that Mr. Mr. Mr.

Sturges Bourne, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed, that Mr. Meheux, from the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account shewing the number of Soldiers who have been discharged the Honourable the East India Coin

be now read :—And the fame being read;—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker reftimed the Chair.

Air. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- * menls thereunto; winch they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Militia offi-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

pany’s Service, and returned to Europe, from the year the Bill to empower His Majesty to retain upon full Pay

Dublin Paving, &c. Commissioners Bill, deferred.

1788 to the year 1794, both inclusive: And also,

An Account of the number of Recruits sent to India in the service of the United East India Company, from the season 1788 to 1794, both inclusive: And also,

Annual Returns of the Effective Strength of the East India Company’s European Army, from 1788 to 1794, iuclusive.

And then he withdrew:—And the Titles were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts and Returns do lie npou the Table.

The said Accounts and Returns are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Mr. Dickinson, junior, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders:

Copy of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Navy Board, dated 26th January 1776* for keeping a three years flock of Timber in the Dock Yards: And also,

Copy of a Letter from Captain of His Majesty’s ship Ardent, to Benjamin Tucker, Esquire, second Secretary of the Admiralty, dated Bay,

28th March 1804, on the subject of Iron Bolts which had worked out of that ship: And also,

An Account of the number of Ships of the Line and Frigates incommission on ift October 1801, not including those in commission for Harbour Service: And also. An Account shewing the number of Shipwrights,^ and also of Apprentices employed in the Merchants’ \ ards in Great Britain, according to the Returns made to the Admiralty in April 1804: And also.

Copy of the Minutes and Proceedings of a Board of Admiralty which inspected the different Dock \ ards and Victualling Department in the months of July, August, September, and October 1802.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers:—And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That tl)e Order of the day, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to provide for the appointin

and Allowances, Officers of the Militia during the War, not with handing the Reduction; be now' read:—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Ireland— Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Ad, amend an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, for reported, the support of the honour and dignity of His Majesty’s Crown in Ireland, and for granting to His Majesty a Civil List Establishment, under certain provisions and re-' gulations; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to committee* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for continuing several laws nUmgj Bffl. relating to the regulating the prices at which Com and Grain may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and to the admission to entry of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland, taken by His Majesty’s subjects carrying on the Fishery from, and residing in, the said Island; and for reviving and continuing an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for permitting the Importation of Hides and other Articles in Foreign fiiips; be now read:—And the fame being read;

—The House resolved itself into the said Commis tee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dickinson j\x\\\ox, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

junior, reported from the Committee,

Mr. Di, Commissioners to enquire and examine into That they had gone through the Bill, and made tevera

45Giio. III. 21 °Ju409

other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

d_ Lord Viscount Caflcrcagh presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend and render more elfoe-‘j; * teal an Act, made in tire Parliament of Ireland, in the 5th j'ear ol’his present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " erecting and establishing Public Infirmaries or Hof-" pituls in this KingdomAnd the fame was received; and read the tirft time.

Heft hived, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

xints A Message from the Lords, by Sir William Weller ;rted Pepys and Mr. Sinn on:

Mr. Speaker,

«er and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act , nimon cnab!e the Company of Proprietors of the 1 1 ’ and Northampfonshire Union Canal, to vary the Line of the said Canal, and to alter and amend the Powers of the Act paiied for making the said Canal; without any Amendment: And also,

.c!earn The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts, of the fourth and fourteenth years of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from the North end of the Town of llothcrhavi, to the Raft tide of Park,

in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

eitCr.u- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act •'uurcHi'l for hicloiing Lands in the Parish of Great in

the County of Dor let, and in the Town and County of the Town of Poole; without any Amendment: And also,

ii'tv.-tH The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act cioiarc Bill. f,r dividing and allotting Lands in the Parish of

well, in the County of Cambridge; without any Amendment: And also, orton Ba- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act mt>&c- ... for dividing certain Lands in the Parish of Norton Bavant, Kiljlurt 1 ’ in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also,

mendment The Ix>rds have agreed to the Amendment made by ^ou^e the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing " * Caroline ErnejlineFrederica Sophia Baroness De Stein, of Nordheim, in the Empire of Germany, Wife of John re piitd Charles Mcllish, Esquire: And also,

,^id s The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

.Bill. naturalizing Christian Appol to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also, w, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Bill. naturalizing Georg Conradt to Which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also, trt ix's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Blil- naturalizing Joshua Cottreux; to which the Lords desire tire concurrence of this House.

And then the MciTengers withdrew.

-mx's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act B'"> for naturalizing Joshua Cwas read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

I’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act lll'> - for naturalizing Georg Conradt was read the first

time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a second time.

d's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for ai* naturalizing Christian Appold, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

fat The House was moved, That the Order, made yes-^~n tertlay, for taking into consideration, upon Monday next, ion of the Petition of George Boulton Mainivaring, Esquire, Sir k". VOL 60.

William Gibbons, Baronet, Sir William Curl is, Baronet,

Henry Thornton, Esquire, William MeV.iJli, Esquire, and

Samuel PepysCockerell, Esquire, complaining of an un-

due Election for the said County; might be read ;—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That that the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into consideration upon Thursday the ill day of August next, at three of the clock in the Afternoon.

Memorandum:

Notices were again sent to the Parties, with Orders for their Attendance accordingly.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Commitre* of resolve itfc-lf into a Committee of the whole House, to Supply* consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; be now read:—And the fame being read; n

Ordered, That the Report, which upon Wednesday last British Mu-was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees of the British Mvfeum, was referred; be re- colfc&ion*) ferred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the farther sum that Westminster will be wanted to defray the expence of the purchase of Court Ho1^* ground and buildings in and near Sa Margaret's Street Westminster, for the purpose of erecting a Court House for holding Sessions of the Peace for the City of Westmhi-Jfer, in pursuance of an Act of the 44th of His present Majesty’s reign, cap. 61.; be referred to the said Committee.

Ortfem/, That the Account /hewing the Amount of Ex- Exchequer chequer Bills ifiited per Act 44 Geo. III. cap. 45. intituled,

" An Act for raising the sum of £. 8,000,000, by Loans " or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great " for the year 1804," ontstanding and unprovided for; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account shewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued per Act 44 Geo. III. cap. 46. intituled, "An Act for raising the sum of £. 1,500,000,

" by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year 1804," outstanding and unprovided for; be referred, to the said Committee. Ireland:

Ordered That the Estimate of the Expence of Pratique Fratique. in the Port of Dublin, for one year, to the 5th of January 1806, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Expence of the First Fruits. Board of First Fruits, for one year, to the 5th of January 1806; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the sums necessary for Remunera-the remuneration of several public Officers in Ireland, for tif>n of Public their extraordinary trouble in the year 1805; be referred Offictrs' to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House Conimitwe of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Way* »"<t consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Mcans‘ Supply granted to His Majesty; be now read:—And the fame being read;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refnmed the Chair. hlr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had di-

5 M rested

410

21°—24° jfunii

A. 1805.

reeled him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Vrdered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Lillies, 24° die Jiinii;

Anno 45° Georgii III'" Regis, 1805.

Committffon

Report of Puke of

Atholi's

Petition.

Prayers.

A BILL for confirming and establishing the Award and Decree made and passed on the Division and Inclosure of Lands in the Township of Hutton's in

the North Riding of the County of York; was read a second time.

That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House Mr. Henry: And they are to meet this

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber, to consider further of the Report, which was made from the Committee upon the Petition of the Duke of Atholl, \ Bill to alter, amend, and enlarge, the powers of an and other matters relating to the Isle of Man; be now Act, passed in the 20th year of His present Majesty, for read And the fame being readThe House resolved the better government and regulation of the Poor in the itself into the said Committee. Town and Parish of , in the County of Kent;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. was read a second time.

Mr. Stanley took the Chair of the Committee. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Sir Geary, kc.: And they are to meet this

Mr. Stanley reported from the Committee, That they

Hutton's A:nbo Indo* lure Bill, committal.

Maid It one Poor Bill, committal

Hie of Man Trade Bill, deferred.

Bill for the Prevention of Smuggling, deferred.

UmverCtieg Advowsoiw Bill# deferred,

Bill to amend Com A&, deferred.

had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

The other Orders of the day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating and encouraging the Trade, for the improvement of the Revenue, and prevention of Smuggling to and from the of Man.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual prevention of Smuggling, was re-committed, be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the ninth year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to rest rain the " Disposition of Lands, whereby the fame become un-" alienable," as restrains Colleges within the two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge from purchasing or holding Advowsons, except as therein is provided, be read the third time upon Monday next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Com, and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report, which upon Wednesday last was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, was referred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to mt'ry, consider of the Report, which upon the 5th day of April last was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several principal Adventurers in the Pilchard Fishery, was referred.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for making and keeping in repair, a Carriage Road, to branch out of the Turnpike Road leading from Sheffield to Penifton, at the Township of Wadjlcy, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join in the Township of Langset, in the said Riding, the Turnpike Road leading from to

Salter's Brook, be read the third time upon Monday next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the clock

Committee on Report respecting Leith Harbour, deferred.

Committee on Report re-spefling Pit chard Fij defem

Sheffield, Road Bill, deferred.

ii:

Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House proceeded to take into consideration, the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed in the third and twenty-third years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Lawton, in the County of Chester, to and

castle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford; and other Roads therein mentioned.

And the said Amendments were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Pr. 11. I.39. Leave out "certain Acts" and insert " an Act and also in the fame line leave out from "passed" to f* powers" in Press 12, line 2, and insert " in the " sixth year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act

Lordi Amendrafit* to Lawton and Burfltm Roads Bill, agreed :«l

for' making and maintaining a " navigable Cut or Canal, from the " River Severn, and

" Titton Brook in the County of " Worcester, to cross the River Trent, " at or near Heyivood in the County of Stafford, and to com-•> " municate with a Canal intended to

" be made between the said River " Trent, and the lliver and

" by another Act passed in the fix-" teenth year of His said Majesty* " reign, intituled, "An Act to enable " the Company of Proprietors of the " Navigation flora the Trent to the " Mersey, to make a navigable Canal " from the said Navigation, on the " South fide of Harecastle in the " County of Stafford, to FroghalL, " and a Railway from thence to or " near Caldon in the said County, " and to make other Railways and " also by another Act passed in the " twenty-third year of His said Majesty’s reign, intituled, "An Act to " amend and render more effectual " several Acts passed in the sixth, " tenth, fifteenth, and sixteenth years " of the reign of His present Majesty, " for making a navigable Canal from " the Trejit to the , and

" Branch from the said Canal to " FrogItall, and a Railway from " thence to or near Caldon, in tire " County of

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the

Lords;

45 Geo. IIL 24° Junii.

411

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

wersto Ordered, That the Committee appointed to take into mnittee oft consideratkm the Account between the Public and the India g* India Company, have Power.to report their observa-

rtTlpdlW 3 J t * I I i 1

count. tious, together with their opinion thereupon, to the* House.

ill to amend

ind Tax "lemption a, passed

Earl Camden's Tilate

Bill,

tommitted*

Lord ICirk-bill's Estate Kill, reported, and pauetL

II ftfpe&lne gi^er of urt of ancery, to carried to J-ords.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrafted Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the 4^d year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for consolidating the provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Laud Tax, into one Act, be mnv read :—And the fame being read ;—The said Bill was read the third time.

Refoh ed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, paded in the forty-second year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for consolidating the provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, into one Act.

Ordered, That the Lord Glenbervie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming certain Building Leases granted by the Right honourable Charles Earl Camden, deceased, and the Prebendary of the prebend of Cantloxves, in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London, and by the Right honourable John Jeffreys, now Earl Camden, and the said Prebendary; and for enabling the said John Jeffreys Earl Camden and others, with the consent of the Prebendary, to grant finiilar Leases in future of the Prebendal Lands of Kentish Town, in the County of Middlesex and for

rectifying a Mistake in the present Earl’s marriage settlement relating to those Lands; was read a second time.

Refolred, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Elliot, Sir William Geary, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. James Graham reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest the settled Estates of John Hamilton -maurice, commonly called Lord Kirkioall, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, in Trustees, in trull to be sold for the payment of Debts affecting the fame, and his other settled Estates; and after payment thereof, for the invest-ment of the residue of the Monies to arise by such sale in the purchase of other Estates, to be conveyed to the uses of the said settled Estates, and for other purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee haddirested him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the still in at the Clerk’s Table:—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. James Graham do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldit'in do carry to the I<ords, the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to remove Doubts touching appointments to certain Offices in the Court of Chancery, made during the vacancy of the Office of Register, and Keeper of the Register and Registers in that Court; and acquaint their Lordships, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

iherpa- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the ihuiiIkt of Recruits enlisted, and approved, red.*’ for the Royal Regiment of Artillery, the Horse Brigade, the Brigade of Gunners and Drivers, and the Companies of Foreign Artillery, between the ill of January and the ift of June 1805.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Vol. 60.

Return of the Non-commissioned Officers, Privates, and Artificers, belonging to the Royal Regiment of Artillery,

Horse Brigade, Brigade of Gunners and Drivers, and the Companies of Foreign Artillery, on the ift of June 1805, specifying the total of the said Corps serving in the United Kingdom, Jersey, and Guernsey, and the total serving Abroad.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the number of Recruits enlisted and approved for the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, between the ift of January and the ill of June 1805.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the Non-commissioned Officers, Privates, Artificers, and Labourers, belonging to the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, on the ift day of June 1805, specifying the total of the said Corps serving in the Vnited Kingdom, Jersey, and Guernsey, and the total serving Abroad.

A Petition of several of the Parishioners and Inhabit Petition tants, Householders paying to Church and Poor, within the Parish of All Saints,' in Lewes, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; taking Notice of the Bill for rebuilding the parish Church 6f All Saints, in the Town of Lezoes, in the County of Sussex, and for repairing the Tower thereof; and setting forth. That the said Parish Church has been lately surveyed by fix able and experienced Workmen, who have reported that the fame may be substantially repaired, and rendered fit for the celebration of Divine Worship, at an expence not exceeding £.aio; and that at a small additional expence it may be made capable of accommodating a number, little, if tit' all, short of that proportion of the Population of the Parish which will be found capable of going to Church at one time; and that there are within half a mile of the said Parish Church five other Parish Churches: And therefore praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to thecon-sideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by their counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

The Lord Glenbervie reported from the Select Com- Report from mittee, to whom the Eleventh Report of the Commission- Com-

ers of Naval Enquiry;—reflecting the Issue of Navy tieventhRe-Bills for the purpose of raising money—Loss arising from port on Naval the mode of paying the Interest on Navy and Transport En<lu:uy-Bills—and Money imprested by the Navy Board for Secret Naval Services (except so far as the fame relates to circumstances connected with the Issue of 100,000 for

Secret Naval Sendees), was referred; That the Committee had considered the matters to them referred; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report and Appendix, be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Sir John Frederick reported from the Committee, to Ctmberweil whom the Bill for supplykig the Inhabitants of the Waterworks Parish of Saint Giles Camberwell, and parts of the Parish ^'reported, of Saint Mary Lambeth, and several other Parishes and Places in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, with Water, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they ha4 directed him to report to the House, together with a List

of

41£ ' £4° Junii. ^.1805.

of the names of the Persons who have assented in respect to the said Bill, as required by the Standing Order of the ' House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, and also the said Lilt, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

second Report Sir John Stewart reported from the Committee, to whom

from Select the several Papers, presented to this House, relating to

Committee on Papers relating to Sir Home Fopham.

the Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships the Romney and fible, while under the command of Sir Home were referred, to examine into the several matters, contained therein, relative to the said Repairs, and to the Proceedings of the Admiralty and Navy Boards, and of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, thereupon; and also to enquire into the circumstances attending the publication of the Report of the Navy Board, dated 20th February 1804, and into the loss of certain Vouchers and Documents on which that Report was framed; and also into the circumstances attending the impressing of Mr. David Ewen Bartltolemeio; and to report the fame,

together with their proceedings and observations thereupon, from time to time, to the House; and who were empowered to examine into the Expenditure and Purchase of all Stores for the use of the said Ships; That the Committee had made a further progress in the matters to them referred; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the lame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: "\Vhere the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report and Appendix, be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Report is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session,

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

Poiteney’s An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

committed ena^e t*ie Trustees therein named to erect and build

commit e . new Bridge over the River , on the North-weft

fide of the Manor of Bath Wick, in the County of Somerset, to communicate with the Parish of Watcot, and the Rood from the City of Bath to London; and also to j-aise a sufficient sum of Money for that purpose, by a charge on the Trust Estates of the late General;

was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Theophilus Metcalfe, Mr. Palmer,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Froiefwotth Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, to whom InCorted! t^ie ^or Lands in in the County

rcP° e of Leicester, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Samuel George Noble, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that no Person appeared before the Committee in support of the said Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. ’

irfUnit— Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read-Bill to amend ing of the ingrossed Bill -to amend an Act, made in the raised. ’ Parliament of Ireland, for the support of the honour and dignity of l lis Majesty’s Crown in Ireland, and for granting to His Majesty a Civil Lilt Establishment, under

certain provisions and regulations; be now read :—And the fame being read;—The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, for the support of the honour and dignity of His Majesty’s Crown in Ireland, and for granting to His Majesty a Civil List Establishment, under certain provisions and regulations.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend several Acts, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Lodes of such of His Majesty’s loyal Subjects as have fullered in their property during the Rebellion in Ireland; and for other purposes in the said Acts mentioned; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directod him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to amend and render more ellectual an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 5th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " erecting and establishing Public Infirmaries or Hof-" pitals in this Kingdom;" be now read:—And the fame being read ;—The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the wrhole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confuler of the Report, which upon the 5th day of April last was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several principal Adventurers in the Pilchard Fishery, was referred; be now read :—And the fame being read;—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery from Great Britain: And the fame was received; and read the tirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, made in the 31ft year of His present Majesty, for the better regulation and government of Seamen, employed in the Coasting Trade; be now read:—And the fame being read ;—The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-first year of 7 His

Ireland— Btil resp?stiri$ Compenfaioa to Loyalists, reported.

Ireland—

Bill retpccting

Infirmaries,

committed.

Committee oft

Report rr-

speding Pilchard ti&efy.

Southern VV hale Rilbory BiH

presented.

Trade

passed.

45 Geo. III. 24° /unit

His p re lent Majesty, for the better regulation and govern- The House was moved. That the Eleventh Report of Ciwmetre

meat of Seamen employed in the Coailing Trade. the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry respe^ling the appoilltJti,

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the issue of Navy Bills for the purpose of railing Money Eievc. thRe-Lords. and desire their concurrence. I-ofs arising from the mode of paying the Interest on *v

Navy and Transport Bills—Money impvelted by the 7' Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do make the Report Navy Board for Secret Naval Services;—which was pre-

413

on

en

£xpor-

uw,

i.

mt of

of

itdt

ltd.

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duty chargeable on Woollen Goods, of the Manufacture of Great Britain, exported to the East Indies, was committed.

Mr. Alexander accordingly. reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrotled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

The House being informed, that Mr (from the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National

fented to the House upon the i ith day of March la ft; might be readAnd the fame being read;

Ordered, That so much of the said Report as relates to the advance of One hundred thousand Pounds for Secret Naval Services, be referred to a Committee; and that they do report their opinion and observations thereupon to the House.

Resolved, That the said Committee be a Committee of Secrecy.

Resolved, That the number of the said Committee' be Seven.

Resolved, That the said Committee be chosen by way of ballotting.

Ordered, That the Members of this House do, Tomorrow, at Four of the clock, prepare Lilts, to he put into glades, of seven persons names, to be the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said glades be placed upon the table, and the said Lifts held up between the finger and thumb, he put into the glasses at the table by the Mem-

Pcbt) attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the bers, called over for that purpose according to the conn-

R»* 11riifonf4ft IIva HamTa a! 1 1 a! X. /• i n i •

Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Amount of the Debt of Ireland payable in Great Britain, redeemed by the Commissioners for redeeming the Public Debt, to the ill of February 1805; distinguishing the Funds in which such Redemption was made.

And then he withdrew: And the Title was read. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

tics and places they serve for, as the said counties and places are entered in the Return Book.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Re- Further p3-turn of the total effective Strength of the Army Pm rflaling

at home and abroad, according to the latest Returns. ordered!’17’ Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of the number of Men wanting to complete His

Ordered, That the said Account be printed, for the Majesty’s regular European Cavalry and Inf.mtry, ar> Members of the House. cording to the latest returns; distinguishing

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to from the Foreign Corps, and the general from limited this Volume. Service.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House a Re-Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to tim1> up to the fame period, of the number of Men which

- 1 _ _ * a. P 1 /"* * . a * . 1 /• 1 t f T If In t p I« 41 /■% #1 *« 4k a \ n . I . A . ~ A am. A a A m

mu&r, i. 68.)

witteecm

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ' ‘ the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon; be now rear!:—And the fame being read; —The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Blackburne, of Lancashire, took the Chair of the Committee. -

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the fume,

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Report be received Tommorrow;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question,. by leaving out the word "To-morrow," and inserting the words ■* this day three months," inllead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the word " To-mor-1 row," Hand part of the Question j

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tvlte for the Year,)

TcWovthcNo}. S'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

s

r

u

have enlisted from the Militia under the Act of the present Session; distinguishing the number which have entered into the Line, the Artillery, and the Marines.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House; pursuant R<t,mi veto their Orders, lating to rhe

Return of the number of Men wanting to complete prepared. His Majesty’s regular European Cavalry and Infantry on the ill of May 1805; distinguishing the Brit if from the Foreign Troops, and the general from limited Service:

And also,

Abstract of the Returns of Men raised under the Permanent Additional Force Act, shewing the number of Men raised in England and Wales from the passing of the Act; to the ilt of February 1805, and from the ill of February to the present time; also the fame, with respect to Scotland and Ireland severally; together with all the other particulars as specified in the recapitulation of similar Returns already presented to the-House from the Inspector General’s Office.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Returns be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Returns are inserted in the Appendix to Appendix, this Volume. (No. 15.)

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Re- Further Pa-tum of the number of Men raised for new Levies (if any) that are included in the account of Recruits raised by the ordered. *"7’ ordinary mode of recruiting, betw een the ift of January and ill of May 1805.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing what number of the Men who have volunteered from the Militia into the regular A .-my, under the Act of roth April 1805, are included in the Return presented to this House of the efieftive Strength of the Army

Ordered, That the Account of the Balances of Public Money remaining with the Receiver General of the Cuf-

torns on the 5th day of January, the 5th day of April, on the ift of May 1805.

the cth day of July, and the 10th day of October, in - . -.......-

each year, from the year 1793 inclusive to the 5 th day OrThat the Order of the day, for the House to of April last, be printed for the Members of the House* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ou e, o ^avai VoL 6a. 5N confident

Committee on

Report

Supply.

Vote of Credit.

Exchequer Bills.

Westminster Court House.

Mr. Town-ley’s Collection*

Pratique.

first Fruits.

r

414

24° Ju

A. 1805.

consider of the Report which, upon Wednesclav last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Governors and Committee of the Naval Aiylum, whose names are thereunto fubforibed, was referred; he now read :—And the fame being read;—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred

• ResolveThat it istheOpinion of this Committee, That P^jcoii.

a sum, not exceeding Three hundred and forty Pounds, l!'-Jri/h currency, he granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Acroum.iu Stephen Esquire, Accountant General, for his ex*- Se^ni.

traordinary trouble and expence in preparing and dating the Public Accounts of Ireland, to he laid be ford the House of Commons, in this Session of Parliament.

ResolveThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Two hundred and forty Pounds, *cco,1,".at Jri/h currency, he granted to His Majesty, to be paid to 'lcr,*i'

John , Bfquire, Deputy Accountatit General, for his extraordinary trouble in preparing the Public Ac-*

Counts of Ireland for Parliament, for one year ending the tjth day of January i 8orv

Resolved, That it is t lie Opinion of this Committee, Thai Ex.imin«<* a sum, not exceeding Two hundred pounds, fr/,'A currency, ot be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Has, Buun£icu

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty *, Esquire, Examinator of Corn Bounties, for his trouble in the Kesolution.s which the Committee had directed him keeping the Accounts in the said office.

to report to the House; which he read in his place; and RefolThat it is the Opinion of Ihis Committee, That ’ifpeftor afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the a sum, not exceeding Two hundred and fifty pounds, Generator fame were read; and are as folloiveth; viz.Jri/h currency, he granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Expt'.In<

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Robert Marshall, Esquire, Iufpoftor General of Imports a film, not exceeding Three millions five hundred thousand Exports, for his expence and trouble in preparing sand Pounds, he granted to His Majesty, to enable His the Accounts of the Imports and Exports of Ireland for \

Majesty to enter into such engagements, and to take Parliament, for one year, ending the 5th day of January such measures as the exigency of affairs may require. 180;.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of thisCoinmittee, That RefoThat i t is the Opinion of this Committee, That Firit ctekw

a sum, not exceeding Eight Millions, be granted to His a Gim, not exceeding Two hundred pounds hath currency,

Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Rogers

Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Esquire, lirft Clerk in the office of the inspector Ge*

Session of Parliament, for raising the sum of Eight Mil- neral of Imports and Exports in , for his extraor*

lions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of dinary trouble in preparing Accounts for Parliament.

Great Britain, for the year 1804, outstanding and un- RefoThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Kxamiwtw

provided for. a sum, not exceeding Two hundred pounds currency, o{ Kxcifc*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That be granted to His Majesty, to he paid to George Hatton, a sum, not exceeding One million five hundred thousand Esquire, Examinator of Excise, for his extraordinary

trouble and expence in preparing Accounts for Parliament.

RefThatit is the Opinion of this Committee, TJiat AflilbntD\ a sum, not exceedingOne hundred and fifty pounds, Irish currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Samuel Hood, Esquire, Assistant Examinator of Excise, for his extraordinary trouble in preparing Accounts for Parliament.

Resolved, Th&X it istheOpinion of this Committee, That Clerk in

Hr*

Vfl-S i

Medi

Irtea

Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for paying oft' and discharging the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for raising the sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year 1804, outstanding and unprovided for.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Four thousand four hundred and seventeen Pounds twelve shillings and ten pence, be granted to His Majesty, to defray the expence of the purchase of ground and buildings for the purpose of erecting a Court House for holding Sessions of the Peace for the City of Westminster, in pursuance of an Act of the

44th year of His present Majesty’s reign.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the collection of Sculptured Marbles and Terra Cottas, and certain Bronzes, of the late Charles Townlett, Esquire, he purchased for the use of the Public, and vested in the Tnlfti •es of the Briti/hMufeum.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, be granted to llis Majesty, to enable His Majesty to purchase for

* 1 J* /• 1 1 T\ 11* .1 * 1 # ^11 - A J 4 V \

a sum, not exceeding Two hundred pounds currency, be granted to His Majesty, to be paid to Thomas Exchtquav field, Esquire, Clerk, in the office of the Auditor of the Exchequer, for his extraordinary trouble in preparing Accounts for Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to determined by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the fifth and sixth of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Long, Mr. , Windham, Sir William Young, and Mr. Coi'ry, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the dav, for taking into Bill for ru

~ \ ~ . 0 PiYvrntiouo*

the use of the Public, the said Collection; an4^ *bc further consideration the Report, from the Committee of

r..:,1 1___1__________ 1___• 1 o r,fan /.i- . .. . ! . ~; »rn"t>s'w‘®’

said sum be issued and paid without any fee or other de duftion whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a sum, not exceeding One thousand and forty-seven Poimds ten ftiillings and two pence, Irish currency, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the expence of-Pratique in the Port of Dublin, from the 5th day of January 1805 to the 5th day of January x 806.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, a film, not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, Irijk currency, be granted to His Majesty, to he paid to the Board of First Fruits, for building new Churches and rebuilding old Churches in such Pari I lies as no public service has been performed in for twenty years last past, and for the encouragement of buikling Glebe Houses on such terms as they shall think tit, for one year, from the t,th day of January #i 805 to the 5th day of January j8o6.

the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual ag.«in re-wm* prevention of Smuggling was re-committed; be now read: •nut, ed*

—And the fame being read;

And the House being informed, that some further Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Coir.- confab mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committe*, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some further

Amendments

Report

ays and cleans.

ar Taxw.

cchequer

B1U1.

ton

tof

eof

I’s

ion.

45 Geo. III.

<24

o *v.

Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleufe to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolutious which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be issued and applied the sum of Fourteen millions five hundred thousand Pounds, arisen or to arise from any of the Duties and Revenues charged by several Acts passed in the 43d, 44th, and 4 5th years of His present Majesty’s reign, for granting to His Majesty certain duties during the present War, after satisfying the sum of Fifteen millions four hundred and forty thousand Pounds, which was estimated to arise for the service of the year 1804, from the duties granted by the find Acts of the 43d and 44th years of His present Majesty’s reign.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the sum of Eight Millions be raised by Loans or Exchequer F'llsforthe service of Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the sum of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain.

Resolved, , That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain.

The laid Resolutious being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Inflation to the Gentleriien, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pur-Riant to the Resolutious which, upon Thursday last, were reported from the Committee of the wholellouie, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House; That they do make provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the first of the Resolutions now reported and agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the second of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Lord Viscount Fitzharris, Mr. Long, Mr. Attorney General,

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Bourne, and Mr.

Jlufkifjhn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the third of the said Resolutions: And that the fame Gentlemen do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the last of the said Resolutions: And that the fame Gentlemen do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Mr. Stanley, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report, which was made from the Committee, upon the Petition of the Duke of Atfioll, and other matters relating to the Isle of Man; the Resolution Which the Committee had directed him to report to the House;. which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; vi

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient, for making a further enmpensation to the Duke of Atholl, and continuing the same to the Heirs General of the seventh Earl of Derby, for the lofies sustained by the reveftment of the Isle of Man in His Majesty in the year 1765, that, out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain,a sum, equal to One-fourth part VoL. 60.

juniu 415

of the gross annual Revenue arising from the Duties of Customs now existing within the said Island, should be paid and payable to the said Duke of A'hall and the said Heirs General of the seventh Ea. I of Derbi/.

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. S'a idee, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Glenbervie, Sir William Burroughs, Mr. Sheridan, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Committee on Report, re-speflinp Lerth Harbour*

Adv v «']$ Bill, deterred.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to coti-fider of the Report which, upon Wednesday last, way made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of burgh, was referred; be now read :—And the fame being read ;—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the thirl reading of the ingrossed Bill from the I^ords, intituled.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to restrain the Disposition of " Lands, whereby the fame become unalienable," as rest rains Colleges within the two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge from pm-chafing or holding Advowsons, except as therein is provided;' be now read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon

Friday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to ine «f Man resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Trade Bill, the Bill for regulating and encouraging the Trade, for deferrtd‘ the improvement of the Revenue, and prevention of Smuggling to and from the Isle of Man; be now read:—

And the same being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to committee of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Supply, consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the Report, which upon the 7th day of May 1787, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen and Free Burgesses, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants of the Town of Plymouth, was referred; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report, which upon the 16th day QUMTeii of May last, was made from the Committee, to whom the H^ven. Petition of William Wemyfs, of Wemyfs, Esquire, Major General of His Majesty’s Forces, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next*

resolve

Reports,

referred:

Plymouth

Harbour.

- 4:6 24?—25° Junii, A. 1805.

resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ireland— A Bill more effectually to regulate the Collection of the gt^oonBilf, ®ut'es on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported eoauuitted. and exported into or from Ireland, and the payment of Bounties, Allowances, and Drawbacks thereon; was, according to Order, read a second time.

Befohvd, That the Bill be committed.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Befolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve itself into a Committee of tire whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ireland— Befolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve St>anito°R«d *nto a Committee of the whole House, to consider

wine, to be of the Duties upon Spanish Red Wine imported into eonlidered. Ireland.

Bill to abolish Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, for cerf abolishing Fees received by certain Officers of the Customs

ordered. ’ in the Port of London;and for ensuring a more constant and regular attendance of the 0dicers of that Revenue in the said Port: And that Mr. Sturgex Bourne, Mr. H'tf-kiffon, Mr. Bose, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Wa-ehoufiflg Mr. Sturgex Bourne presented to the House, according

•relented. to a Bill to authorize the Lords Commilfiohere of

His Majesty’s Treasury to permit certain articles to be warehoused in different Ports in Great Britain, upon giving security for the payment of duties upon the articles therein mentioned: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Bin for bring- Mr. Sturgex Bourne presented to the House, according Londrm'bW to ^r(^erJa Bill for allowing, under certain restrictions, the iil'iand y bringing a limited quantity of Coal, Culm, or Cinders, navigation, to London and Westminster, by Inland Navigation: And prdented. fame was recejVed; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Cochineal Mr. Hujkiffon presented to the House, according to Bill, Order, a Bill for repealing the Duties of Customs on. presented. Cochineal Daft and Granuia imported into Great Britain,

and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

persons during such Suspension; and for the better con* dueling and managing the bufmels of the said Corporation; -was re-committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

The Order of the day being read, For the House to re- lwiitiios. solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the trr* an. Bill to empower His Majesty to retain upon Full Pay and Allowances, Officers of the Militia during the Al ar, notwithstanding the Reduction;

Befolved, That this House will, upon AVednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Dickinson, junior' according to Order, reported Expmn?

from the Committee of the whole I louse, to whom the L\w* (»nb* Bill for continuing several Laws, relating to the regulating the prices at which Corn and Grain may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and to the admission to entry of Oil arid Blubber of Newfoundland, taken by His Majesty’s subjects carry-

ing on the Fishery from, and residing in, the said Island; and for reviving and continuing an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for permitting the Importation of Hides and other Articles in Foreign Ships, was recommitted; the Amendments which the Committee }iad made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; anti afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: AVhere the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

The other Orders of the day being read;

ttefolved, That this House will, upon A\rednesday next, Wayimd resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of AVays and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for making and Sheffield. &«. keeping in repair, a Carriage Road, to branch out of- the Turnpike Road leading from Sheffield to at the

Township of Wadjley, in the AVeft Riding of the County of York, to join, in the Township of Langxet in the said Riding, the Turnpike Road leading from Done after to Salter's Brook, be read the third time upon A\rednesday next.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Importation Committee of the whole House, to consider of Duties «t straw Piatt. payaijie on importation of Straw Platt, and any AArares made of the fame.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from, the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

p,urm The Order of the day being read, for taking into

p.nine, tec. further consideration, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to provide for the deferred.' appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities or Abuses which may have taken place in conducting and managing the paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin, and to provide for the Suf-pension of the powers and authorities of the Corporation of Directors and Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets, and for veiling the fame in other

Mortis, 25° die Junii;

Anno 45* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, int ituled. An Act Efelitf* for naturalizing Chrifian August was read a

second time.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bald-ivin. Sir John William Anderfun.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Georg Conrad was read a second time.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr:

Sir John William Anderson,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sefbd’i Nut. Bil*.

committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act C5o‘tg"jt'* for naturalizing JojhuaGottreux, was read a second committed

time.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin,

.5 Sir

Geo. XII.

25° J\

Sir John William Anderson, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Christian Ap was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin, Sir John William Anderson,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber..

An ingrossed Bill for draining and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs, within the several Parishes, Townships, and Places of Selin/, Thorp Willoughby, Hambleton, South M Park,

Ca wood, Rest Park, I.ennerton, Slier burn. Biggin, Church

Fenton, Little Fenton, and in the Weft

Riding of the County of York, was read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

unn.

Pr. 43.1. 4.

1.16. 1.28.

Pr. 44. 1. 3.

41T

to insert " Mills, Weirs,

Pr.

Pr.

Pr. 19

17-

18.

1.

1

Pr. 20.

Pr. 22. Pr. 24. Pr. 26.

37-

7-1.

1. 8.

1. 16.

1. 23.

1- 33-1. 24. 1. 10. 1. 1.

To leave out " Waters."

To leave out " Waters."

To leave out " Waters."

To leave out " Waters."

To leave out " Waters."

To leave out " Waters,"

To leave out " Waters."

To leave out " Waters."

To leave out " Waters."

After " the," to insert " Mills, Weirs,

" Dams."

After " such," to insert " Mills, Weirs,

" Dams."

After " such," to insert " Mills, Weirs,

" Dams."

After " the," to insert " Mills, Weirs,

" Dams."

After " said," to insert " Mills, Weirs,

" Dams."

To leave out from " said," to Are end of 1. 31. and insert " Low Grounds " and Carrs," instead thereof.

After " the," to insert " Mills, Weirs,

" Dams."

At the end of the line, to add " Mills, "Weirs, Dams."

After " said," to insert " Mills, Weirs,

" Dams."

After " fame," to insert " Mills, Weirs,

" Dams."

After " said," to insert " Mills, Weirs,

" Dams."

At the end of the line, to add " Mills, " Weirs, Dams."

To leave out " Messuages," and insert " Mills, Weirs, Dams," instead thereof.

Pr. 33. 1. 24. After " any," to insert " Mills, Weirs, " Dams."

After " such," to insert " Mills, Weirs, " Dams."

At the end of the line, to add " Mills, " Weirs, Dams."

After " any," to insert " Mills, Weirs, " Dams."

At the end of the line, to insert " Mills, " Weirs, Dams."

After " such," to insert " Mills, Weirs, " Dams."

After " such," to insert " Mills, Weirs, " Dams."

After " any," to insert " Mills, Weirs, " Dams."

After " such," to insert " Mills, Weirs,

<c

After " such," to insert " Mills, Weirs, " Dams."

After " of," to insert " the Mills, Weirs, " Dams."

After " said,"

" Dams."

At the end of the line, to add " Mills,

" Weirs, Dams,"

After " fame," to insert " Mills, Weirs,

" Dams."

After " such," to insert " Mills, Weirs,

" Dams."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for draining and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs, within the Parishes, Townships, and Places of Selin/, Brayton, Thorp WillougHambleton, Wiftow,

Scalm Park, Cawood, Sherburn, Rest Park,

South Milforth, and Barkston in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

1. 5.

1. 23.^ 1. ult Pr. 27. 1. 16.

1. 30.

Pr. 28. 1. 24. Pr. 29. 1. 24. Pr. 30. 1. 12.

1. 19. Pr. 31. 1.

1.

27.

31-

Pr. 32. 1. 7.

*• 39-

Pr. 34. 1. 13.

Pr. 35* !• *3-

1. 24.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in FrolefWorth -

in the County of Leicester, was read the third time. incioiureBiii, Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, pa ‘.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Frolesworth, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Welle fey Pole presented to the House, pursuant to Further Pi-

their Orders, ' Tth^Ann*

Return of the number of Recruits enlisted and approved' prei'ented!"1, for the Royal Regiment of Artillery, the Horse Brigade, the Brigade of Gunners and Drivers, and the Companies of Foreign Artillery, between ill January and lit June:

1805: And also, '

Return of the Non-commissioned Officers, Privates, and Artificers, belonging to the Royal Regiment of Artillery, including the Horse Brigade, Brigade of Gunners and Drivers, and Companiespf Foreign Artillery, on the ill'. of June 1805; Ana also.

Return of the number of Recruits enlisted and approved for the Corps of1 Royal Military Artificers and. Labourers, between the rft January and ift June 1805:

And also,

Return of the Non-commissioned Officers, Privates,

Artificers, and Labourers, belonging to the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, on the ift of June 1805; specifying the Total of the said Corps serving in the United Kingdom, Jersey, and Guernsey, and the Total serving Abroad.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Returns be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Returns are inserted in tire Appendix to this Volume.

Ord and Mr. w agreed

to

Appendix, (No. 15.)

Bill.

Pr. 36.

1. 3I'

1. 8.

1.

*5-

Pr. 37. 1. 37. Pr. 39. 1. 21. Pr. 42. 1. 31. Vol. 60.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr.

Cox:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill to amend to amend the several Laws relating to the Duties under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Loyalty Coan to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury to contract with certain Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts, passed in the 37th and 42d years of His present Majesty, for granting other Annuities in lieu thereof, or to pay the same off at the period herein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill for vest-for vesting in the Barrack Matter General for the time Barrack"1 being, Estates held or occupied for the Barrack Service, and authorizing him to sell the same with the con fen t of* the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasuryj without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to reftifv a miffake"in the name of one of the Commis-

5 O

Mai ter General.

Bill to amend A6X to ap-

sioners point Com’

mi fix oners on Public Expenditure.

Bill to amend Act rei'pecV-ing Bounties ou Fish.

London Port Bill.

Baiibridge Inciolure Bill.

Bill to amend Turnpike Roads Aid, with an Amendment.

Hampton in

Arden Inclosure Bill, with Amendments.

Shields Light-boufts Bill, with Amendments.

Scarbrough Paving, &c. Bill, with an Amendment.

The Lords have passed

Earl of

Shaftelbury’s Eihte Bill.

The Lords desire a Copy of Report from Coni' mitte? on Tenth Report on Naval Enquiry.

4-18 25° Junii. A. 1805.

sioners appointed by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Public Expenditure, and the conduct of Public Business, in the Military* Departments therein mentioned; without, any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the forty-first year ol His present Majesty, for granting Bounties for taking and bringing Fish to the Cities of London and and other places in the United Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to authorize the advancement of further films of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for completing the Canal and other Works directed to be made by an Act, paflied in the thirty-ninth year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering more commodious, and for bet-" ter regulating the Port of London;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of and

Parish of A if garth, in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the thirteenth year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Turnpike Roads in England, as relates to the recovery of the Penalties thereby imposed on Persons driving waggons, having the fellies of the wheels of less breadth than six inches, on Turnpike Roads, with more than four horses; with au Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hampton in , in the County of Warwick; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable, the Matter, Pilots, and Seamen of the Trinity House of Ncivcafle upon Tyne, to erect two new Light Houses at North Shields, at or near the Port of and to raise a Fund for defraying the charge thereof; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving, and otherwise improving, the Streets and other Places in the Township of Scarbrough, in the North Riding of the County of York; and for licensing Hackney Coaches, and establishing other regulations in the said Township; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to

establish and confirm an Exchange made by and between the Rector of the Parish Church of Saint Giles

and Alhalimes, in the County of , and the Right

honourable Anthony AshleyEarl of of part of his Glebe Lands, and other Lands held and enjoyed with the said lleftory, for other Lands there, the propel tv of the said Earl, which are more conveniently situated for the said Rector and his successors; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That the Lords do request that this House will be pleated to communicate to their Lordships, aCopy of the Report, made from the Select Committee, appointed by this House, to whom the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry (respecting the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy) was referred; to enquire into the Application of any Monies issued to the Treasurer of the Navy for Naval Services, to purposes not Naval; and whether any and what RoprefeiVations were made to the lands Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or the Chancellor of the Exchequer, refjW-iing the withdrawing from the Bank any Anns of Money, to i lined, ft nee the passing of the Act of 25 Geo. III. c. 31.; and also, into

the Proceedings had for the recovery of the Debt due to

the Crown by the late Adam Jellico

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this Hotvfe will fend an Answer to the T.’,e p., lad part of the said Message, by Messengers of their wi» ft-nd a# Own. Aniwtr.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith:—And then they again withdrew.

A Rill for enabling His Majesty to grant a certain ChelfonBay Creek called Chrl'(bn Bay, in or near the Parish of Bin?

Saint Mary, in the County of Devon, and for veiling the commu:ed' fame, for a valuable consideration, in the Right honourable John Lord Boringdon, and his heirs, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Ref deed. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tommorrow seven-riight, the 3d day of July next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committ«oa Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill

from the Lords, intituled, An Act todillblvo the Marriage Dujrc'£11, of Thomas We/lon, Esquire, with Frances Mary Lena, Ins now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Farquhartook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Farquhar reported from the Committee, That they had heard counsel, and examined witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no counsel or party appeared before the Committee to oppose the JBili; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Earl of establish and confirm an Exchange made by and between £^,‘^"7 * the Rector of the Parish Church of Wimborne Saint Giles read. ’ and A shallows, in the County of Dorset, and the Right

honourable Anthony Afiley Earl of Shaftefbtiry, of part of his Glebe Lands, and other Lands held and enjoyed with the said Rectory, for other Lands there, the property of the said Earl, which are more conveniently situated for the said Rector and his successors; was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the Members Ballot for to prepare Lifts, to be put into glades, of fovon Persons names, to be the Committee of Secrecy, ordered yesterduy 1 by the House to be appointed; be now read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go, with the mace, into the Speaker’s Chambers, and places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the service of the House.

And he wont accordingly :—And being returned;

The Order, made velterday, directing tire method of putting the said Lifts into glasses, was read.

Then the names of the Members being collect over, according to that Older, those who then appeared fe-verully put the Lilts determined by them prepared into the gJaffes at the Table. *

And the names of fitch Members as did not then appear were taken down.

And tl teir names being again called over, several of those Members appeared, and in like maimer put the Lifts by them prepared into the said glades.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine the said Lifts, and to report to the House upon which seven Portbns the majority Fulls:

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr.

Sir Wdliam Burroughs, Mr. 1Jolt Leigh, Sir Robert John

Luster:, Mr. Pierre Pont, Mr. George Henry Mr. St.

An.'.rcw Si. John, Mr. Alderman Combe, Mr. Annejley,

Mr,

to rnnul 1 AJ, rrui-

ccimfrs ot «ikcs,

tlcfCii:

ft Oflice.

4j Geo. III.

o

o Jiim

419

"Mr. Jlolfrrd, Sir William El ford, Mr Shaw Lrfnre, for the support of the Non-conforming Ministers-of f°ng

Sir Henry Slraehcv, Sir Thomas Theophilus Metcalf •; and land, for one year:—And the l itle was read. presented.

tlu-v are to withdraw innuediately into the Speaker’s Offered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table. ^__________

Cir.unher.

f 1(1 / C t< y A lieu UIV' t

The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to

tlini VnlinttP (Xo. 23. 1

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the left Session ofl\rliament, to regulate the Importation ami Exportation of Corn, and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon, was committed; be now read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, "Heat the said Report be received upon Tlmrfday next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Balances remaining with the Receiver General of the Poll Office on the 5th day of January, the -ph day of March, the 5th day of April, the 5th day of June, the 5M1 day of July, the rp h day of September, the 5II1 day of October, and the 3th dav of December, Iron-, the year 1703, inchdive, to the 5th dav of April lad, with an Account of the names of the Persons in whose hands the fame have been deposited at the respective

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Return relat. suant to their Order;—Return of the Deaths, Discharges, e

and Desertions, which have taken place in the Army at presented, home, from the ift May 1803 to the 31ft December 1804 :—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Return be printed, for the Members of the House.

J'he said Return is inserted in the Appendix to this Appendix, Volume. ( * I5*)

Mr. Sturges Bourne presented to the House, according Townleian to Order, a Bill to veil the Townleian Cohesion of an- c°g-|jf1011 tient Sculpture in the Trustees of the British Mnfeum, for presented. the use of the Public: And the fame was received; and read the fil'd time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

periods.

tnnoffice. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Balances remaining with the Receiver General of the Stamp Ouice on the-^rh dav of January, the rpli day of March,^the rph day of April, the =pn day of June, the rph day of July, the 5th dav of S< >temher, the 5th day of October, and the 5th dav of December, in each year, from the year 1793, inelufve, to the /ph day of April last; together with an Account of the names of the Persons in whole hands the fame have been deposited at the respecti vc periods.

Pipers relat- Ordered, That the several Papers, relating to Ships of PWir to* r, (which were presented *o the House upon the iqth be printed, and 21 ft days of this instaut dime, by Mr.

junior,) be printed for the Members of the House.

WoolPn 'Mr. Bald:cin, according to Order, reported from the

siipensionre Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bi'l to con-Jii'ti, reported, tinue the operation of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to suspend Proceedings in Actions, Profecn-tions, and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the fame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross’ed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

-ounfeior- The House was moved, That the Petition of several VrtdonPeti- Clothiers of the County of York, the Clolhworkers of -onaga.ni. York, Wilts', Sourer set, and and the Inspectors

or lY/ts and Sou/er/et, (which was presented to the House

upon Tlmrfday la ft, and was then ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee of the whole I louse, to w hom the said Bill was committed ;) might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, rnlil the said Bill be read the third time; and that the Petitioners he then heard, by their counsel, agents, and witnesses, again!! the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

ti-i.T.d— Air. Nicholas Vanfilfart.presented to the House, by ";iate re- J],s Majeii v’s command:—Estimate of the sum necessary

,u"‘Ko"' vol.- 6«:

Air. Sturges Bourne presented to the House, accord- Exchequer ing to Order, a Bill for raising the sum of One mil- ^ll, r'c^'oooo) lion five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exche- presented. quer Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Rrfo'ved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Mr. Sturges Bourne presented to the House, accord- Exchequer ing to Order, a Bill for raising the sum of Eight Mil-

lions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the service of presented. Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five: And the lame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To -morrow.

Mr. Sturges Bourne presented to the House, according Exchequer to Order, a Bill for raising the sum of Two millions five ®llls Bl11 hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, pfjfeutSfe00^ for the service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five; And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Mr. Sturges Bourne presented to the House, according Bill to nboliih to Order, a Bill for abolishing Fees received by certain CurA^soA‘ Officers of the Customs in the Port of I/nr don, and for patented, ensuring a more constant and regular attendance of the Officers of that Revenue in the said Port: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Air. Sturges Bourne presented to the House, according Dlftillery Bill, to Order, a Bill for regulating the distilling of Spirits in Pre<ente4> England for exportation to Scotland, and in Scotland for exportation to England, and for better feeuring the D'uties payable thereon: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

The House proceeded to take into consideration, that Report from

tart of the AlelTage from the Lords of this day, which re- Report

[uelts that this House would communicate to their Lord- on Naval

hips a Copy of the Report therein mentioned. toXe Lowis*

,e

12

0

Papers relating to the Nabob of Oude, See. ordered.

Report of Members to be the Committee of Secrecy.

420

£5° Junii. A. 1805.

Rejoiced, 'that this House will send to the Lords a printed Copy of the said Report.

Ordered, That Mr. Sturges Bourne do carry the same to the Lords.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Minute of Sir John Shore (now Lord late Governor General of Bengal, detailing the measures adopted in Otide, which led to the deposition of Vizier Ally, and placing on the throne the Nabob Ally,

together with the Treaty concluded on that occasion.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of the Minute of Sir John Shore (n6w Lord Teignmouth) dated the 5th March 1798, and his Letter to the Secret Committee, or Court of Directors, explaining his reasons for concluding the above Treaty, and his final arrangements in Oude.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a General Letter to Bengal, dated the 15th May 1798, in the political department, as far as regards Sir John Shore's conduct in the arrangements for Oude.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of the Correspondence between the Governor General Marquis Wellesley, and John Esquire, and

Colonel William Scott, the B Residents in Oude, as far as relates to the new arrangements proposed for that Kingdbm by Lord Wdlejley, until the conclusion of the Treaty of Luchioto in 1801. '

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of the Instructions and Correspondence between the Governor General and the Honourable Henry Wellesley, sent to Oude on a special deputation in 1801, as far as they regard the Nabob Sadaat Ally, and the Treaty concluded with that Prince, Mr. Wellesley having been present on the occasion.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of all Communications to the Secret Committee, or Court of Directors, by the Governor General, respecting the Nabob Sadaat Ally, previous to cr after the conclusion of the Treaty 6f Luckrtoio in 1801, so Far as the fame may relate to the said Treaty, and the Management or Revenues of the Nabob’s provinces.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of the Treaty between the Nabob Sadaat Ally and the Company, in 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of the Settlement of the Countries called The Ceded Provinces, for three years, made under the direction-of the Honourable Henry Wellesley, whilst Lieutenant Governor of those Provinces.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of the General Letter from Bengal, in the Revenue Department, in 1803-4, reporting on the Collections of the Ceded Provinces.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of the Minute of the Governor General appointing the Honourable Henry Wdlejley Lieutenant Governor of the Provinces obtained from the Vizier; and Marquis W<d-lejley's Letter to the Secret Committee, or the Court of Directors, on that occasion.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from the Court of Directors, or the Secret Committee, to the Bengal Government, annulling such appointment; so far as these various documents may be disclosed without prejudice to the Public Service.

Sir William Burroughs reported from the Committee, who were appointed to examine the Lists of seven Persons names, to be the Committee of Secrecy, ordered yesterday by the I louse to be appointed, and to report to the House upon which seven Persons the majority fell; That the Committee had examined the Lifts accordingly, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them to the House; and he read the ‘Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the

Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee find, That the Majority hath fallen upon the following Persons;

The Right Honourable Lord Viscount 55

The R iglit Honourable Lord Glenbcrvie - -

The Right Honourable William - - 54

The Right Honourable Thomas Grenville - - 54

The Honourable Richard Ryder - r.4

The Right Honourable George Canning ,ti

William Bed, Esquire - -- - -x

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet Tomorrow, at twelve of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That Four be the quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn from time to time, as they thall think fit; and to report their proceedings, together with their observations thereupon, from time to time, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fit during the fitting, and notwithstanding any adjournment, of the House.

The House was moved, That the Tenth Report of the Proceedings Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, respecting the Office of r«ijt'.ve to the the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, which w as pre- ot'Toid'vd-1 fented to the House upon the 13th day of February last, co'!nt Mci-inight be read:—And the fame was read. VII,e'

The House was also moved. That the Report which, upon the 27th day of May last, was made from the Select Committee, to Whom the said Tenth Report of the Coni-missioners of Naval Enquiry was referred, to enquire into the Application of any Monies issued to the Treasurer of the Navy for Naval Services, to purposes not Naval, and whether any and what Representations were made to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or tire Chancellor of the Exchequer, respe£iing the w ithdrawing from the Bank any sums of Money, so issued, since the passing of the Act of 25 Geo. III. c. 31.; and also, into the Proceedings had for the recovery of the Debt due to

the Crown by the late Adam Jdlicoe; might be read:—

And the same being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed.

That the House proceed by Impeachment against Henry Lord Viscount Melville, for the several Oftences which appear, from the said Reports, to have been committed by the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville-, and that the Attorney General be directed to stay Proceedings in the Prosecution which he was directed, by an Order of this House, 13 June, to institnte against him;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the other Orders of the day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J ^fr'

Mr. Kinnaird

Tellers for the Noes,f Mr‘

t Mr. Gunmns:

M3-

166.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being again proposed;

And a Debate anting in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Debate be adjourned till this day fortnight, the 9 th day of July next;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That the House proceed by Impeachment against Jlatry Lord Viscount , for the several

Offences which appear, from the said Report*, to have been committed by the said Henry Lord Viscount ville-, and that the Attorney General be directed to stay Proceedings, in the Profecul ion which he was directed by an Order of this House, 13 June, so instilute against him.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That this House be called over upon this day fortnight, the 9th day of July next.

And the said Motion was, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

45 Geo. III.

25* Juniu

421

Bank Note*, (cc. Forgery Bill, deferred,

Pu'foh'-ed, That Henry T^ord Viscount Melville be impeached of High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitbread do go to the Lords; and* at their Bor, in the name of the House of Commons, and of all the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, impeach Henry Lord Viscount MelvilIe.of\Iigh Crimes and Misdemeanors; and acquaint them, that this House will, in due time, exhibit particular Articles aguinlt him, and make good the fame.

The Orrler of the day being read, for the Htmfe to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to alter and extend the Provisions of the Laws now in force for the ptmishment of the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bills of Exchange, and other Securities, to "every part of tire United Kingdom;

Ami the House hav ing continued to fit till half an hour after one of the clock on Wednesday Morning;

on "Woollen Goods, of tlte fvtaniifafltlre of (Preat Britain, exported to the East Indies;

Ordered, That the said Bill bef read the third time this day.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred p^gn°£0I-to consider of the Report which, Upon Wednesday last, Naval . was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of lun>-the Governors and Committee of the Naval Asylum, whose names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table i Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for erecting Buildings for the

Bill respecting Bankrupt* entitle to Privilege of Parliament, deferred*

Refoked, That this House will, this day, resolve itself Naval Asylum, and for the better maintenance and sup-

port of the said Institution.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the con-Adoration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred, to consider further of the Supply granted to H is Majesty.

into the said Committee.

The Older of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whoiu House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 4th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing incon-" veniencics arising in cases of Merchants, and such

...... j The Order of the day being read, for receiving the Reoort on

<c other persons as are within the description of the Sta- Report frony the Committee^ of the whole Houjfe, to p^ion of tutes relating to Bankrupts, being entitled to privilege

* of Parliament and becoming insolvent, and to prevent " delay in the entering appearances in Actions brought " against Persons having privilege of Parliament;" Refoked , That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Bill to nmend The Order of the day being read, for the third reading

Act for-Mam. of ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, marie in the ift PowCergy, year of King George the First, for the augmentation of deferred. the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, so far as relates to the Returns of Certificates into the Exchequer, and Gifts of personul Property;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time this day.

Ireland— The Order of the day being read, for the third reading

Compurgation ^1C ingrossed Bill to amend several Acts, passed in the

to Loyalifti, Parliament of Ireland, for appointing Commissioners to

deferred. enquire into the LolTcs of such ofllis Majesty’s loyal Subjects as have fullered iu their property during the Rebellion in Ireland, and for other purposes in the said

Acts mentioned;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time this day.

Ireland— The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-Infimi2rif*)nS ft*lf into a Committee of the whole House, upon

deferred. the Bill to amend and render more ellechial an Act, made in the Parliament o f Irelandin the 5th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for erecting and elta-" blishing Public Infirmaries or Hospitals in this Kingdom

Refoked, That this House will, this day, resolve itself into the said Committee.

whom the Bill for the more effectual prevention of Smuggling, was again re-committed;

Smuggling,

deferred.

Ordered, That the said Report be received this day.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred /^gLeitta to consider of the Report which, upon Wednesday last. Harbour, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, was referred; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House, which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Ref died, That it is the Opinionof this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Pounds, be advanced out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain to the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, to enable them to complete the Wet Docks, and other Improvements, in the Harbour of Leith; upon proper Security being given for the re-payment thereof.

The said Resolution being read a second time; was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Robert Dundas, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Sturgcs Bourne, and Mr. HuJkijffbn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Report on Report, re-Meeting Pi|. chard FiJJjerv. deferred.

The Order of the day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report which, upon the 5 th day of April last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several principal Adventurers in the Pilchard Fishery, was referred;

Ordered, That the said Report be received this day.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading of the Bill for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery from Great Britain;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time this day,

uoo The Order of the day being read, for the third reading p°rtiti a Bin, of t!,e ingrofi’ed Bill for repealing the Duty chargeable

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to H is Majesty; the Resolulions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth;

Report

Supply.

VIZ

Stmfhem

.Whale

Riflwyftll,

deferred.

Woollen Goo

deferred.

Refoked, That it is the Opinionof this Committee, That Extraordina-a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred thousand Pounds fter- rie,;o(; Army ling, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the Extraordinary Services of the Army in Ireland, for the year 1805.

Refoked, That it is the Opinionof this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Pounds, be granted to 11 is Majesty, to be employed in cleansing and securing the Harbour of Cutwater and Sutto?i Pool, near Plymouth, in the County of Devon.

Refoked, That it is the Opinionof this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be applied towards rebuilding the Pier at the Harbour of Methill, in the County of Fife.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second

5 P time,

in Ireland.

Plymouth

Harbour.

Methill

Harbour.

422.

25"—26°

A. 1805.

Accounts,

prticnted;

Houses of Parliament.

King’s Bench

Prii'on.

Murfhalfc*

Prison.

Spey Bridge*

AffendiX)

(No. 69.)

Trrland— Committee on Duties on Sp*nifli Red Wine.

time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty’s command,

An Account of the Amount of the Sum that will be Wanted, to defray the expence incurred for Works done at the Two Houses of Parliament, and at the House of the Speaker, between the 24th April 1804 and 5th April 1805: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Sum that will be. wanted, to complete the expence incurred in Repairs at the King's Bench Pi ifon: And also.

An Account of the Sum that will be wanted, to defray the expence incurred for Works at the Marjlialfea Prison: And also,

An Account of the Amount of the Sum that will be wanted, to defray the Moiety of the expence of building the Bridge over the River Sp,at Fochabers in North Britain.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts dolieuponthe Table.

The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties upon Spani/k Red Wine imported into Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

And the Committee having been told, and Forty Members not being present, Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the clock;

The House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Ordered, That Sir John William do carry the

Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, w ithout any Amendment.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Commit- Gottrtux’s tee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, Nal- Bil,»

An Act for nat uralizing Joshua Gotfreux, was committed; paS:d’ That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j anil that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table :—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant Returns relat-to their Orders, ing to the

Return of the total efTeftive Strength of the Army at Home and Abroad, on the ill June 1805: And P also,

Return of the number of Men wanting to complete His Majesty’s regular European Cavalry and Infantry, on the 1 ft June 1805; distinguishing the British from the Foreign Troops, and the general from limited Sendee:

Anti also,

Return of the number of Men which have enlisted into the Royal Marines from the Militia, under the Act of the present Session, according to the latest Returns: And also.

Return of the number of Men who have volunteered from the Regiments of Militia in Great Britain, under the Act of Parliament palfed 10th of April 1805, into the regular Army and Royal Marines.

And the Titles wrere read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Returns be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Returns are inserted in the Appendix to Appendix, this Volume. (No. 15.)

AMboura Inclosure Bill, reported.

Mercurii, 26° die Junii;

Anno 45* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1805. Prayers.

MR. Charles Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Aldbonrn, otherwise Aldborne, otherwise Alborne, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the lame to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Lloufe; and he read the Report, in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, wrere agreed * to determined by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

AppoM’s Nat. Bill, reported, and passed.

ingrafted.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Chrifian Appold, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s 1 able:—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Mr. Dickinson, junior, presented to the House, pursu- Acc0U"V^j ant to their Order:—An Account of the Sums received f0urm0id'sratj, by the sale of old Naval Stores, from the ift January &c. prefeuied. 1793 to the 31ft March 1805 (being* the latest period to which the fame can be made up); and also, of the Application of the said Sums:—And the Title w as read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Commit- La Marche'* tee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Ixrnls, intituled, ^ported/and An Act for naturalizing John Bernhard La Marche, wras parted, committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table :—And the said Bill wras read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, reported, and An Act for naturalizing Chrifian Aiigufl Ffchke, w'as paired, committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; r. and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table :—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir

45 Geo. III. 26° Yum423

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, , and An Act for naturalizin'! Georg Conradt Slrobel was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table :—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Estate Mr. Evan Baillie reported from the Committee, to nrted, whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An :d' Act for vesting the Mansion House and Land called Ealing Grove, in the County of Midd/efe.t (part of the Estates devised by the Will of James Esquire,) in Trustees, upon trufl, to sell the same, under the directions of the Court of Chancery, and to apply the Money exiling from the falo thereof in the purchase of other Hereditaments, to be settled to the uses of the Will of the said James Baillie, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table :—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Rejoined, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baillie do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

,r The House was moved. That the Order, made upon teecn Monday latt (that the Committee appointed to take into cens deration the Account between the Public and the t, to East India Company, have Power to report their Observa-?p»- tions, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the . House) might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That so much of the said Order, as directs the said Committee to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, be discharged.

Vom Mr. Pattefon reported from the Committee, appointed £eon to take into consideration the Account between the Vs Public and the East India Company, and who were empowered to report their observations thereupon to the House; That the Committee had considered the matter to them referred; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

• Ord( red, That the said Report, and Appendix, be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Report is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

fate Mr. Evan Baillie reported from the Committee, to ted> whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords intituled, An Act for vesting in Thomas Roper, of Street in

the City of London, Builder, a Messuage, with the Appurtenances, in Little Saint Helens, in the said City of Irmdon, the Estate of Mary Smith, an Infant, and for applying the purchase Money for the fame in the manner therein directed, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:—And the fair! Bill was read the third time.

Refohed, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baillie do carry the Bill to the Vol. 6o.

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House proceeded to take into consideration, the Lords Amendments, made* by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act to enable the Mailer, Pilots, and Seamen of ijghthouse* the Trinity House of JS'iezvcajlleupon Tyne, to erect two Bill, agreed ra. new Light Eloufes at North Shields, at or near the Port of Newcastle; and to raile a Fund for defraying the charge

thereof.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; V/z.

Pr. 19. 1. 34. After " and, " insert " their interest in."

1. 35., After "fame," insert " Lighthouses."

Pr. 20. 1. 24. After " kept," insert " Clause *A."

Clause (A.) " Provided always, and be it further " enacted. That nothing herein contained, shall prejudice, leften, or " affect any of the Rights or Interests of the most noble Hugh " Duke of Northumberland, his heirs?

" or assigns."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Pattefon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His Account of Majesty’s command :—An Account of Monies advanced ^"edtvom for Public Services from the Civil List Revenues (not civil Lilt, being part of the ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List), Presente<1, and which have not been replaced by Parliament:—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume. (No. 34.)

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, to whom the Thame*

Bill to repeal two Acts, passed in the 6th and 3 2d years of and his late Majesty, for the regulation of Laftage and Ballast- BilCreported* age in the River Thames, and to make more eiTeftual regulations relating thereto, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Persons interested in British Ships and Vessels frequenting and trading to the Port of London; and also the Petit ion of several Directors for managing the concerns of the West India Dock Company, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions, and had heard counsel in favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrafted,

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. The Lord* Popham: ' have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill for the for the encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more efi’eftually manning His Majesty’s Navy, during seamen, the present War; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have dgreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Billto prevent to prevent, in Great Britain, the illegally carrying away ca(jp^"j»k Bark; and for amending two Acts passed in the sixth and away ° ar ’ ninth years of His present Majesty’s reign, for the pre-servation of Timber Trees, Underwoods, Roots, Shrubs,

Plants, Hollies, Thorns, and Quicksets,; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Chearfley for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chearjley, in the

11 County menu.

The Lords have passed

Moore's Divorce Bill.

Bill read.

treland-*-

Papers prefen ted:

Grand Jury Prefen tments.

Inland

Navigation.

■Appendix,

* (No. jo.) t(No-7i.)

Sheffield, &c. Road Bill, passed.

Bill to amend Ait for Maintenance of poor Clenry, paised.

26° yunii.

A. 180a.

County of Buckingham; with fume Amendments; to which Amendme nts the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the marriage of John Moore with Barbara bazon, his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of (his House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a second time.

The House being informed, that Mr. from'

the office of the Chief Secretary for Ireland, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

Returns to an Order of the House, of the 14th day of Maylafl, "That there be laid before this House, an " Account of the Monies presented to be raised by Grand " Juries in the different Counties, Counties of Cities, and " Counties of Towns, in Ireland, from iff January 1775 "to iff January 1803; distinguishing the Amount so " presented at each Affixes respectively within each year, " and distinguishing the Sums raised for Roads and for "Militia, from those raised for other purposes:"—Together with a Li 11 of the said Returns.

Mr. Johnson also presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the manner in which the film of £■ 500,000, granted by the Irish Parliament to the Directors of Inland Navigation in Ireland, has been disposed of, from the 17th October 1803 to the 31ft May 1805.

And then he withdrew —and the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Returns and Account do lie upon the Table; 4

Ordered, That the said Account be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Returns are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume *; and the said Account is also inserted f.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for making, and keeping in repair, a Carriage Road, to branch out of the Turnpike Road leading from Sheffield to Penifon, at the Township of Wadfey, in the West Riding of the County of York, to join, in the Township of Langset in the said Riding, the Turnpike Road leading from Doncafer to Salter's Brook; be now read:—And the fame being read ;—The said Bill was read the third time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 19. 1. 37. To leave out " employed by," and insert " or Cattle belonging to," in-llead thereof.

Pr. 20. 1. 5. After ‘‘ Road," to insert " when."

1. 10. To leave out from " Mill," to " to," in line 1 r.

Pr. 23. I. 4. To leave out from " convicted," to " And," in line 32,

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for making and keeping in repair, a Carriage Road, to branch out of the Sheffield and Penifon Turnpike Road, in the Township of in the West Riding

of the County of York, to join the Doncafer and Salter's Brook Turnpike Road in the Township of Langset, in the said West Riding.

Ordered, That Mr. Stezcart Worthy do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, made in the ill year of King George the First, for the augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, so far as relates to the returns of Certificates into the Exchequer,

and Gifts ofpersonal Property; be now read:—And the fame being read—The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for making more effectual the gracious intentions of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, so far as relates to the returns of Certificates into the Exchequer, and Gifts of personal Property.

Ordered, That Sir William Scott do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Robert Dumlas presented to the House, according Leith Harbor to Order, a Bill for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury of Great Britain, to adsrance a certain sum of presente:1. Money to the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, towards the completion of the Docks and other Works in the Harbour of Leith: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Ireland— reading of the ingrossed Bill to amend several Acts passed Com'cnfoi"! in the Parliament of Ireland, for appointing Commis- to Loy-aMs,0* sioners to enquire into the'Losses of such of His Majesty’s P2^ loyal Subjects as have suffered in their property during the Rebellion in Ireland, and for other purposes in the said A els mentioned; be now read:—And the fame being read;—The said Bill w as read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to amend several Acts, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for appointing Commissioners to enquire info the Losses of such of His Majesty’s loyal Subjects as have suffered in their property during the Rebellion in Ireland; and for other purposes in the said Acts mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Motion being made. That the ingrossed Bill for Harmondf-inclosing Lands in the Parish of Harmondsworth, in the jn^Xre Bill County of Middlesex, be now read the third time; passed.

Mr. Rose, by His Majesty’s command, acquainted the House, that His Majesty, having been informed of the purport of the said Bill, gives His consent, as far as His Majesty’s interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill w as read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 21. 1. 24. To leave out from " Commissioners," to the end of line 28.

Pr. 77. 1. 5. To leave out from " the" to " Lord," in 1. 6.

1. 7. To leave out from " Diocese " to "And," in line 12, and insert, " and of the " Patron of such Church, Chapel, or " other Ecclesiastical Benefice for the " timb being respectively," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass ': And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Harmondf-worth, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Leycester do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Esquire, with

Frances Mary Lenn, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned, w'as read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Thomas Wefcm,

Esquire, with Frances Mary Lenn, his now Wife, and to-enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered,

if •..; t

■A

-*4

'1

I-

45 Geo. III. 26" sunn.

425

Ordered, That Mr. Farquhar do carry the Bill to the

Lords; and acquaint them, that, tins House Lath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Befo/vc d. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That lie will be graeicufly plea fed to give directions, that there be laid before this House, a further Account of all sums of Money which have been iffiiPil by Mis Majesty’s Orders, pnrl'uant to Addresses of this Mouse, and which have not yet been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

il-

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred toconsider of the Report. which, upon the 5th day of April Lift, Mas made from the Committee, to M’hom the Petition of several principal Adventurers in the Pilchard Fishery, was referred; the llesolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in Ins place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fume was read; and is as followeth; viz,

Befolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the additional Bounty of One Hulling and six pence, for Pilchards taken, cured, and exported, granted by an Act made in the 31ft 3*car of the reign of His present Majesty, and continued by an Act made in the 37th year of the reign of His said Majesty*, be revived and further continued for a time to be limited.

The said Refohition being read a second time, yvas, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Kesolution: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Giddy, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Fofler presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to provide for the better execution of the several Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Clistoms and Excise: And the fame was neceived; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bil| be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time upon Friday next

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committed of the £ whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of ’ Duties payable on Importation of Straw Platt, and any Wares made of the fame; be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame -were read; and arc as follow et!i; viz.

Be/:'dyed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty* of Seven shillings he charged upon every pound weight avoirdupois of Platting, or other manu/afturos of Straw, to be used in, or proper for, making.*mts or Bon-mts, imported into Great Britain.

Revived, That it is the Opinion of this Commitfee, That an additional Duty of One pound sixteen shillings be

/ •/ t o

'iiiirged upon every dozen of Straw Hats or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet not exceeding twenty-two inches in diameter, imported into Great Britain.

Befolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty* of Three pounds twelve shillings be charged upon every-dozen of Straw Hats or Bonnets, each Hat or Bonnet exceeding twenty-two inches in diameter, imported into Great Britain.

Befulved, That it is the Opinion of his Committee, That > the said Duties shall be I'ubject and liable to the additional Duties granted by three several Acts, pafi’ed in the 43d o’lil 44th years ol His present Majesty, and in the present Session of Parliament, on the produce and amount of the Duties of Customs in Great Britain.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to l>y the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alexander and Mr. Rose do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House Ireland— to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, infirmaries, S made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 5th }rear of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for erecting and efta-" blishing Public Infirmaries or Hospitals in this Kingdom," be now read:—And the fame being read;—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which theyr had directed him to report* when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow,

Mr. Whitbread reported. That he had, according to Report of Order, been at the Lords; and, in the name of this House, and of all the Commons of the United Kingdom impeached, of Great Britain and Ireland, had impeached Henry Lord Viscount Melville of High Crimes and Misdemea-nors; and acquainted the Lords, that this House would, in due time, exhibit particular Articles against him, and make good the fame.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to draw up Committee Articles of Impeachment against Henry Lord Viscount ^£‘"ted to Melville: Articles of

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. llhitbread, impeachment Mr. Fox, Mr. Grn/, Mr. Sheridan, Lord Henry Petty,

Lord Viscount Marsham, Mr. Giles, Lord Viscount Folkc, done, Mr. Raine, Doctor Laurence, Mr. Creevey,

Mr. Holland, Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Kinnaird, the Lord Porchester, Lord Archibald' Hamilton, Mr. Williams Wynn, Mr. Jekyll, Mr. Morris, the Earl Temple: And they are to meet Tommorrow Morning, at nine of the clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Tenth Report of the Commissioners Reports of Naval Enquiry, respecting the Office of the Treasurer re^rrcd-of His Majesty’s Navy*, which was presented to the House upon the 13th day of February last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon the 27th day of May last, was made from the Selcft Committee, to whom the said Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry was referred;—to enquire into the Application of any Monies issued to the Treasurer of the Navy for Naval Sendees, to purposes not Naval, and whether any and what Representations were made to the Lords Commissioners of I lis Majesty’s Treasury, or the Chancellor of the Exchequer, respecting the withdrawing from the Bank any sums of Money* so issued since the passing of the Act of 25 Geo. III. c. 31.; and also, into the Proc eedings hail for the recovery of the Debt due to the Crown by the late Adam Jcllicoc,—be referred to the said Committer.

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Five of Powers to them, do meet, Tommorrow morning, at ten of the clock. Committee in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for persons, papers, and records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to adjourn from time to time, and from place to place, as they shall think fit; and to report their proceedings, from time to time, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fit, during the fitting, and nohwithstanding any'-adjournment, of the House.

Nil*. Fofcr presented to the House, according to How-iii mr.

Order, a Bill for granting a certain sum of Money* to- lj0lir Klll»

® r\ ' 7 u relented

5 Q. v, arils v

426 26° Junii. A. 1805.

wards improving the Harbour on the North fide of the in lieu thereof; might be read:—And the fame being Hill of Howlh.near Dublin, and rendering it a fit situation read;

for His Majesty’s Packets: And the fame Mas received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a feeond time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a feeond time Tommorrow.

Petition A Petition of William the younger, was

Lmgham^s presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by Divorce Bill, an Order of the House, made on the feeond reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the marriage of Williavi Lingham the younger, with Eliza Lingham his now-wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned, it was ordered, that it be an Instructionto the said Committee, that they do hear counsel, and examine witnesses, for the said Bill, and also, that they do hear counsel, and examine witness'es, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by counsel, or produce wit-uefles; and that the Petitioner is informed, and verily believes, that the said Eliza Lingham is now, and has been for upwards of two years back, in the Dominions of France: And therefore praying. That the service of the said Order, and delivering a copy of the said Bill, to Mrs. Dixon, the Mother of the said Lingham, and at

whose House the said El Lingham last resided in England, may be deemed as effectual notice to the said Eliza Lingham, of the Order of the House, and of the time of the commitment of the said Bill, as if the fame had been personally served on the said Lingham.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Woollen Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third

Manufacture reading of the ingrossed Bill to continue the operation of Biit^passed. an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to suspend Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the fame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture; be now read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the third time.

And the House being informed, that counsel attended;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the counsel be now called in;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the operation of an Act, Rafted in the last Session of Parliament, to suspend Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the fame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture.

Ordered, That Admiral Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House Bank Notes, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, &<Bin?r^Cry upon the Bill to alter and extend the Provisions of the Laws now in force for the punishment of the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bills of Exchange, and other securities, to every part oi the United Kingdom; be now read:—And the fame being read;—The iloufe resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ryder took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleni'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

D.tty«.nOln* The I Tonic was moved, That an Act, made in the 43d impored, to •vwu. (Jf His present Majesty, to repeal the Duties of Cuf-b- cojiii.icroi. jomS pay aide ill Great Britain, and to grant other Duties

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as charges a Duty on Glass imported.-

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 43d Duty year of Jlis present Majesrv, to repeal the Duties Hops> Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other conii<icrK Duties in lieu thereof; might be read:—Arid the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of the said Act as charges a Duty on Hops.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 43d Bill rel.nm-year of His present Majesty, for consolidating certain to Aireftj of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to scothnT the Duties under the management of the Commissioners •ratreii.’ for the AH’airs of Taxes; and for amending the said Acts, so far as the same relate to that part of Great Britain called Scotland; might be read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act, so far as relates to the appointment of Aileflors and Collectors for act'efling and raising the said e*

Taxes: And that Mr. Ilu/kiffon, Mr. Bourne,

and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. ;.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 43d Aftsrchting year of His present Majesty, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar to^coS-^' from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks derert- :-a and Bounties in lieu thereof; might be read:—And the fame was read. tL‘"

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, for further continuing the said Act; might be read:—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider 1

of the said Acts. f~l

,-d '

The House was moved, That an Act, made in this Ireland-present Session of Parliament, for raising the Sum of Lm" Act, *®

Jf. 1,500,000, by way of Annuities, for the service ofb£CO"‘tr Ireland, might be read :—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ordered’ Account of the net Produce of t he Permanent Taxes, permanent . ’ exilling previous to 5th January 1793, for the year end- Taxes, ing 5th January 1805.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an intereston Account of the Sums paid for Interest on Exchequer Bills, from the f,th of January 1803 to the latefi period to which the Account can be made up.

Ordered, That, t.l ie Order of the dav, for the feeond SoinKrm I reading of the Bill for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Yv'hale Fishery from Great Britain; be now read:—And the fame being read;

—The said Bill was read a feeond time.

Bcfoked, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House

Befoked, That this House will, upon Friday next, i

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

the said Bill.

1

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling His Majdiv to appoint additional Commilbon- * ers, for the better examining and auditing certain of the Public Accounts of Great Britain: And that Mr. j

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Rose, Mr. Sturges;

Bourne, Mr. Hu/kifon, Mr. Attorney General, and Air.

Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered,

45 Geo. III. 26° Junii.

427

ft^e of

pJy.

I,

at.

Leone.

ters ui id.

Ordered, That the Order of the da V, for the I louse to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-licfer further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; be now rea<l:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the Petition of the Court of Directors of the Sierra Leone Company, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Eft innate of the Sum necessary for the support of the non-conforming Ministers of Ireland, for one year, be referred to the said Committee.

Thepthe House resolved itlblf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Orm/hy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ormthy reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report he received Tommorrow.

Mr. Ormfbyalfo acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have leave to tit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-solve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to con-filler further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

mntof Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an ". Account (/fall Duties of Customs and Excise in Great i3 Britain, charged and outstanding on the 5th of January

eJ- and the 51 h of April, in the years 1S04 and 1805 respee-

live'v; diltiiigiiishing the several Articles, and temporary from permanent Duties.

on John now Duke of Atholl, and such person or persons as would, forever hereafter, for the time being have been Lord or Lords of the Isle of Man, if the fame had not been reverted in His Majesty by an Act, passed in the fifth year of His reign: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Onlered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parities of Petition Saint John of Watipingin the County of and Ro^hithe

Saint Mary Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey, was Tunnel Bill,

presented to the House, and read; taking notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Road or Roads under the River Thames, from the Parish of Saint Mary -hithe in the County of Surrey, to the opposite fide of the said River in the County of Middlesex; and setting forth.

That if the said Bill should pals into a Law, the rights and interests of the Petitioners w ill be very materially injured:

And therefore praying. That they may be heard; by themselves, their counsel, or agents, against such parts of the said Bill as affect them.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their counsel, or agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do admit counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That 1 he Order of the day, for the House to re-foive itself into a Committee of the whole 1 Ioufe, to courtlier further of TV ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to 11 is Majesty, he now read:—And the fame being read;

Rtf >li('d, That this House will, upon Friday next, re-.solve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to Me of Man resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Bill, the Bill for regulating and encouraging the Trade, for en* * the improvement of the Revenue, and prevention of Smuggling to and from the Isle of Man;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

for bring- Ordered, That the Bill for allowing, under certain re-dtn btl> ftr‘&i°ris> R*e bringing a limited quantity of Coal, Culm, y or Cinders, to London and by Inland Navigation, gation; be now read a second time:—The said Bill was mitted’ accordingly read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mean Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second rtion reading of the Bill to veil the Collision of

Jtted. antient Sculpture in the Trustees of the Museum,

for the life of the Public; he now read :—And the fame being read;—The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill lie committed.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to a Committee of the whole I louie.

Resolved, That tins House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

d— Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve i«fc°n jqpif into ;i Committee of the whole House, to eonlider Kcd farther of the Duties upon Spar if?Rod Wine imported into Ireland:—The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Orm/hy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ormfbyreported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report he received Tommorrow.

Mr. Stanley presented to the House, according to Bi, Order, a Bill for settling and securing a certain Aunuity L " VOL. 60.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re- Militia offi-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon 'ers Bill> the Bill to empower His Majesty to retain upon Full Pay eferred* and Allowances, Officers of the Militia, during the War, notwithstanding the Reduction;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill for raising the Sum of One million five hundred Exchequer thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Bills Bin service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight wmmi«ed°^ hundred and five, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. r

v 1 n iT cV . 0 1 ’ uyLoans Exchequer

or Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for Bills Bill

the year one thousand eight hundred and five waa’no-cording to Order, read a second time. tommitted

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rfoh ed, That the Bill be committed to a Committof*

of the whole I Ioufe.

Resolved, Fliat this House will. Tommorrow resolve

JfeJfV'10 a Com, nittee of the whole House, upon the said Hill. r

A Bill for raising the Sum of Two millions five hundred Exchequer thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills for the B‘,ls 6,11 ,

service of C, BrUain, for the year Ze tl.oSd eigia 22S3* unit 1 ed and fi\ e, w as, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

428 26°—27° 1805.

Resolved, That this tloufe will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Bill to iboliih A Bill for abolishing Fees received by certain'Officers Customs offi- of f]le Customs in the Port of , and for enl’uring

CCrs r CCS J

Committed. a more constant and regular attendance of the Officers of that Revenue in the said Port, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Refilled, That the Bill be committed.

Refilved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Disttllery Bill, Bill for regulating the distilling of Spirits in £»"•-tommitted. lapd for exportation to and in Scotland for

exportation to England, and for better securing the Duties payable thereon; was, according to Order, read a second time.

Refilved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refilled-, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Wooiitn The ingrossed Bill for repealing the Duty chargeable ^r°3tlon*Bill, on Woollen Goods, of the manufacture of Great Britain, parted. exported to thg East Indies; was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing the Duty chargeable on Woollen Goods, of the manufacture of Great Britain, exported to the Eafi, Indies.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Bill for the Ordered, That Mr. do make the Report from

Smu’eniinn°* the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reported!'5’ the more effectual prevention of Smuggling, was again re-committed.

Mr. Ormsby accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

> were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was

made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

Counfd or- The House was moved, That the Petition of Daniel <lcred on Pe- Dcli/le Brock, F.squire, one of the Jurats of the Koval tition against. Cou‘rt of the Island of ,on behalf of himself,

and also as the Deputy in this behalf specially appointed by the States of the said Island, at a Meeting of the said States on the 2d day of January last, which was presented to the House upon the x 6th day of May latt, praying to lie heard by their counsel, agents, and witnesses, against the said Bill, might he again read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the third time: And that the Petitioner be then heard, by his counsel, agents, and wit-nefl’es, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks tit.

uv.-e.uutnig Ordered, That the Bill to authorize the Lords Com-Bill> missioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, to permit certain romm.ttei. Articles to be warehoused in different Ports in Great Britain, upon giving Security for the payment of Duties upon the Articles therein mentioned; be now read a second tyne :—The said Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill for repealing the Duties of Cochineal Customs on Cochineal Dull and Granilla, imported into Bil,» Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu comm‘ttc'i-thereof; be now read a second time:—The said Bill was accordingly read a l’econd time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refilled, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for continuing several Expiring Laws relating to the regulating the Prices at which Corn {gjjf" and Grain may be exported from Great Britain to Ire- pS. 1 ’ land, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and to the admission to entry of Oil and Blubber of taken by His Majesty’s subjects carrying on tlx: Fishery from, and residing in, the said Island; and for reviving and continuing an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for permitting thd Importation of Hides and other Articles in Foreign iliips; be now read the third time:—The said Bill was accordingly read the third time.

Resolved, That: the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for continuing several Laws relating to the regulating the Prices at which Corn and Grain may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from t<5 Great Britain; and to the admission to entry of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland, taken by His Majesty’s subjects carrying on the Fishery from, and residing in, the said Island, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six; and for reviving, amending, and continuing, for the fame term, an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for permitting the Importation of Hides and other Articles in Foreign ships.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Dublin' whole House, to whom the Bill to provide for the appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any ers Bill, Irregularities or Abuses which may have taken place in deferred.; conducting and managing the paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin, and to provide for the Suf-pension of the powers and authorities of the Corporation of Directors and Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets, and for veiling the fame in other persons during such Suspension; and for the better conducting and managing the business of the said Corporation; was re-committed; be taken into further consideration upon Friday next.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovi-Sy 270,(Zie Junii;

Anno 450 Georgii IIIlii Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

R. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom Mantan the Bill for inclosing Lands in the Lordship ol 1

M ant on, otherwise Maunton^ in the County of Lincoln* was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and tbund the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had direr; ed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and after-, wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at 7 . the

45 Geo. III. 27° j

the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

The House proceeded to take into consideration, the Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for paving, and otherwise improving, the Streets and other places in the Township of Scarbrough, in the North Riding of the County of York-, and for licensing Hackney Coaches, and establishing other regulations in the said Township.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 153. 1. 37. After " " insert * or for the

, " North Riding of the County of

" York [as the case may be] ."

And it appearing that the said Amendment was only to make the Clause, to which the said Amendment referred, conformable to the rest of the Bill;

The said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That General Phipps do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That Nr.'Giles do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to alter and extend the provisions of the Laws now in force for the punishment of the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bills of Exchange, and other Securities, to every part of the United Kingdom, was committed.

Mr. Giles accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Aldbourn, otherwise Aldborne, otherwise Alborne, in the County of Wills, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Aldbourn, otherwise Aldborne, otherwise Alborne, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury of Great Britain, to advance a certain.sum of Money to the Lord Provost, Magi ft rates, and Council of the-City of Edinburgh, towards the completion of the Docks and other Works in the Harbour of Leith; be now read :—And the fame being read;—The said Bill was read a second time.

Refo'ved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lord Glenbervie reported from the Committee of Secrecy, to whom so much of the Eleventh Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, as relates to the advance of One hundred thousand pounds for Secret Naval Services, was referred; and who were empowered to report their opinion and observations thereupon, to the House; That the Committee bad considered the mat-

unit.

ter to them referred; and, had come to a Resolution thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the lame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee have taken into their consideration, the subject referred to them; and having examined various persons, and called for and perused certain Letters and other Documents relative thereto, they have agreed on the following Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinionof this Committee, That the said^C. 100,000. was advanced for an object, to which the Supplies granted for Naval Services were applicable; that the Application thereof to that object, was a measure in which the interests and honour of this Country were concerned; that it was issued determined by the Comptroller of the Navy, und*T Orders from the Lords of the Treasury, with the knowledge and authority of the First Lord of the Admiralty, and in the fitted mode for answering the end proposed; that the Clearing Bill for <£\ 97,000. part of the said sum of £. 100,000. was granted on just and proper grounds; that the circumstances of the Application of the money, were of such a nature, that a disciofure of them, either at the period when they took place, or at any time since, would have been attended with public inconvenience; that it must be matter of regret, if any thing has occurred, in the mean time, which may have tended, in any degree, to'such a disciofure; and that the reasons against such disciofure still com’ ae, and render it the duty of the Committee to abstain from entering into any farther particulars on the subject.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed, for the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to vest the TownleianCollection of antient Sciilp- bui.*0*

ture in the Trustees of the British Museum, for the use of the Public, be now read:—And the fame being read;

-—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the.Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House was moved, ‘ That the Petition of William Proceedings Lingham the younger, respecting the ingossed Bill from upon the Peti-the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the marriage of ingLin^ham* William Lingham the younger, with Eliza Lingham his Divorce Bill, now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned; which Petition was yesterday presented to the House, and then ordered to lie upon the Table; might be again read:—And the fame being read;

And the House being informed, that Matthew Heath, agent for the said William Lingham, was attending at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, gave the I louse an account of the Allegations contained in the said Petition:—And then he withdrew.

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Journal ’ of the House, of the 9th day of June 1801, of the Proceedings of the House, upon the Petition of George Bedford, Solicitor and Agent for Jane Campbell, of, Inverniel in the County of Argyle, might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That Service of the former Orders of this House, and of this Order, upon Mrs. Dixon, the mother of Eliza Lingham, and leaving an attested copy of the said ingross'ed Bill with her, be deemed to be good Service of the fame upon the said Eliza Lingham.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the last p.^ce Yard Session of Parliament, to amend two A fits, made in the Building* iSth and 39th years of His present Majesty, for the BllI» ordered, erecting a Court House for the holding of Sessions of the

5 R Peace

430 ' 27° Jiinii: A. 1805.

Peach in the City of Westminster, and for purchasing certain Buildings and Ground between Saint Margaret ■Street, Union Street, and King Street, in the said City, for the use of the Public, might be read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for purchasing certain Buildings and Ground in and near Palace Yard Weft min fter, for the use of the Public: And that Mr. Sturges Bourne, Mr. Long, and Mr. Rose, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Royal Assent . A Message determined by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Usher of the toBllls- Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the desire of the I^ords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of their Royal Higlmefles the Duke of I'o;7r, the Duke of Clarence, the Duke of Kent, the Duke of Cumberland, the Duke of Sitfiex, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the Paid Pills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Earl Graham, and the Ix-rd lVaifinghani, named also in the said Corn-million, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a sum of Money, to be raised by Lotteries:

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Stamp Duties, for amending the Laws relating to the Stamp Duties, and for indemnifying Persons who have acted as Notaries Public, without being duly licensed, in Ireland;

An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty on Spanish Red Wine imported into Great Britain:

An Act to enable the Commissioners of the Treasury to contract with certain Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts, passed in the thirty-seventh and forty-second years of His present Majesty, for granting other Annuities in lieu thereof, or to pay the same oft’at the period herein mentioned:

An Act for further continuing, until the first day of February one thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act, made in the twenty-seventh year of 1 Iis present Majesty, for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury to let to farm the Duties on ilorfes let to hire for travelling Poll and by Time:

An Act for the Collection of the Malt Duties in Ire-hind, and regulating the trade of a Mahfter:

An Act for the better regulation of Licences to Persons in Ireland dealing in Excifoable Commodities, and engaged in the several occupations therein mentioned:

An Act to amend the several Laws relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Allairs of Taxes:

An Act to amend an Act, made in the forty-first year of His present Majftly, for granting Bounties for taking and bringing Pali to the Cities of Ijtmlon and Westmin-' Jler, and other places in the United Kingdom:

An Act to repeal an Act, made in the twenty-third year of llis present Majesty, for the better Regulation of the Office of Paymatier General of His Majesty’s Forces, and the more regular Payment of the Army; ami for the more cil’rftually regulating the said Office:

An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty-fifth

year of His present Majesty, for better examining and auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom; and for enabling the Commissioners in certain cases to allow of V ouchers although not stamped according to Law:

An Act to consolidate and extend the several Laws now in force for allowing the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Merchandize into and from certain Ports in the West Indies:

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-fifth year of His present Majesty, for regulat ing the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, so far as relates to Freeholds under the yearly value of twenty pounds, and for making further and other regulations relating thereto:

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five:

An Act to rectify a mistake in the name of one of the Commissioners appointed by an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Public Expenditure, and the conduct of Public Business, in the Military Departments therein mentioned:

An Act for defraying, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and lix, the charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ire'and-, for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for ottbnees committed during the time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace:

An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six, and from thence until the end of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are or have been lately received in the several Public Offices in Ireland, therein mentioned, to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the fame, and into the present mode of receiving, collecting, ilfuing, and accounting for Public Money, in Ireland:

An Act to revive, and further continue, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, and amend, so much of an Act, made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth year of I Iis present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session'of Parliament:

An Act for making Allowances in certain cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied:

An Act to remove doubts touching Appointments to certain Offices in the Court of Chancery, made during the vacancy of the Office of Register, and Keeper of the Register and Registers in that Court:

An Act for making perpetual, and amending, several laws for encouraging the making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, and securing the Duties on Foreign Sail Cloth imported; and for making perpetual several Laws for permitting the F.xportation of a certain quantity of Com and Grain to G tier use y, Jersey, and Alderney -, and for regulating the Fees of Officers of the Customs, and ol Naval Officers in the British Colonies in America, and of the Officers of the Customs in Newfoundland:

An Act for vesting in the Barrack Master General for the time being, Eftatos held or occupied for the Barrack service, and authorizing him to sell the same, with the consent of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury:

An Act for the encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty’s Navy, during the present War:

An Act to prevent, in Great the illegally carry-

ing away Bark; and for amending two Acts, passed in the sixth and ninth years of His present Majesty’s reign, for the preservation of Timber, Trees,. Underwoods, Roots, Shrubs, Plants, Hollies, Thorns, and Quicksets: An Act to amend an Act, made in the ninth year of King George the First, for amending the Laws relating to

45 Geo. III. 27° juniL 431

to the Settlement, Employment, and Relief of the Poor, so far as the fame respects Contracts to be entered into for the Maintenance and Employment of the Poor:

An Act to empower the Justices of the Peace within the Division or Hundred of in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to raise a sum of Money, to be paid by

way of Salary to the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions for the said Hundred:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the thirty-third year of his late Majesty, for regulating the Proceedings in personal Actions in the respective Courts Baron of the Hundred of High Peak and Manor of Cajileton in the County of Derby; and for extending the powers of the said Courts:

An Act to enable the Master, Pilots, and Seamen of the Trinity House of New a fie upon to ered two

new Light Houses at North at or near the Port

of Newcastle, and to raise a Fund for defraying the charge

thereof:

An Act for building a Chapel in the Hamlet of ditch, in the Parirti of Tardeb in the Counties of

Worcester and Warwick:

An Act for the more speedy and easy recovery of Small Debts in the City of Bath, and the Liberties thereof, and in the several Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Somerset:

An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the fortieth year of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater accommodation and security of Shipping, Commerce, and R venue, within the Port of , and for extending

the powers and provisions of the said Act:

An Act to authorize the advancement of further sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, for completing the Canal and other Works directed to be made by an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for rendering more commo-" dious, and for better regulating the Port of London An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging, the Powers of certain Acts, for making and maintaining the Grand Junction Canal:

An Act for the better preservation and further improvement of the Navigation of the River Lee, in the Counties of Hertford, Essex, and Middlesex

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Kennel and Avon Canal Navigation, to complete the fame; and for altering and enlarging the Powers of the several Acts passed for making the said Canal:

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Leicester/J/ireand Northamptonshire Union Canal, to vary

the Line of the said Canal, and to alter and amend the Powers of the Ad parted for making the said Canal:

An Act for improving the Partage between the Town of Liverpool and the County of Che/ at the Rock Ferry,

on the River Mersey, and for levying Tolls on Vessels using the fame:

An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth year of His present Majesty, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, pavt of the Great Level of the Fens calk'd Bedford Level, and certain Low Lands adjoining or near thereto, and to the River Ouzc, in the County of Norfolk; and for improving the Navigation of the said River from or near a place called Eau Brink to the Harbour of King's Lynn; and for improving the Navigation of the several Rivers communicating with the said River Ouze:

An Act for building a Bridge over that part of the River Rumney, which divides the Parirti of 7lunmey in the County of Monmouth, and the Parirti of Roath in the County of Glamorgan:

An Act for more effi-dually making, repairing, and improving, several Roads in the County of Glamorgan:

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and enlarging the powers of two Acts, passed in the third and twenty-fourth years of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leaaing from or near the North fide of the Town of Totnes, towards A/in the County of Devon; and for building a Bridge at or near a place called Emmett, across the River Dart:

An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the Vol. 60.

powers of two Acts, passed in the fourth and twenty-fourth years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Spalding High Bridge to the Market Place in Donington, and from the tenth milestone in the

Parirti of Gofbertown, to the eighth milestone in the Parish of Wigtoft, in the County of Lincoln r

An Act for continuing the term, and altering and en-. larging the powers of an Act, passed in the thirty-sixth year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from CrofsfordBridge, in the County Palatine of

Lancaster,. to Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Ghefier:

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving, the Road from the Borough of Iwicester to the Town of Lutterworth, in the county of:

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from Wclf Bridge in the County of Northampton, to AJilston Lane in the d own of Leicester:

An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of an Act, made in the twenty-seventh year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Berwick upon Tweed, by Ay ton Bridge, to Bridge, and also the Roads from BPJie causeway and Prefon Bridge, to join the said Road at or near Cock-burnfpa'h Tower, in the County of Berwick:

An Act for enlarging the term and powders of two Acts,-passed in the thirtieth year of his late Majesty, and in the twenty-third year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Mark field Turnpike to the Road leading from Loughborough to Ashby-de-la-Z,in the County of Lei ester:

An Act for enlarging the term and powers of two Acts, of the fourth and fourteenth years of His present Majesty, so far as relates to t he Road from the North end-of the Town of Rotherham, to the Eali fide of Tankerfley Park, in the County of York:

An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed in the third and twenty-third years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Lawton, in the County of to Burslem and

Npivcastle under Lyme, in the County of Stafford, and other Roads therein mentioned:

An Act to enable the Trustees of the will of the Moll noble Francis late Duke of Bridgeicater, to make grants in fee, or for years at referred rents, of certain parts of his Trull Estates, lying near or adjoining his Canal in the Counties of Lancaster and for the purpose of having Buildings erected thereon, and otherwise improving the same:

An Act for efteduating an Exchange between the Chancellor, Matters, and Scholars of the University of Oxford and the Right honourable Jacob Earl of Radnor:

An Act for vesting in new Trustees the Real Estates in Ireland, of the Right honourable Walter Earl of Ormonde and Qf/bry, which have not been sold or disposed of, under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, parted by the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " lale of competent parts of the Real Estates of the Right " honourable John Earl of Ormonde, and the Honourably " Walter Butler, commonly called Lord Viscoun

" Thurles, his eldest son and heir apparent, for the pay-

*. ment of debts, charges, and incumbrances affecting " the fame, and for settling such part and parts thereof " as shall not be sold for the purposes aforesaid, and for " other purposes:"

An Act to veil the settled Estates of John Hamilton Fitzmaurice, commonly called Lord in the

Counties of Denbigh and Flint, in Trustees, in trull to be sold for the payment of debts afteding the fame, and his other settled Estates; and after payment thereof, for the invellment of the residue of the Monies to arise by such sale in the purchase of other Estates, to be conveyed to the uses of the said settled Estates, and for other purposes therein mentioned t

An Act for effecting the sale or exchange of certain Real Estates and Hereditaments late of George Samuel Lord Viscount Montague* deceased, and laying out the

Money

432

2 TJunii

A. 1305.

An Act for inclosing I.ands in the Parish of Saint Maty on the in the City and County Palatine of

C

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parities of Great

F Little and North in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for ineloting Lands in the Parish of in

An Act for eftcftuatingan exchange between Edmund the County of

Walter and James Dupre, Esquires; and also an exchange An Act for ineloting Lands in the Townships between the said Edmund Waller and the Trustees of his green and Old Park, in the County of Durham: settled Estate; and also for veiling part of the settled An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Thrcfh-Estate of the said Edmund Waller in Trustees to be sold, , fi and Skirethorns, and Burnfal, in. the West Riding of

and for laying out the clear surplus of the purchase the County of York:

Money thence arising in the purchase of other Real Estates:

An Act for enabling the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury to grant a Building Lease of certain Lands in the County of Sittrey, for the term of ninety-nine years, to

William Clntton and Robert pursuant to an

Agreement entered into for that purpose:

Monies, under the direction of the Court of Chancery, in other Estates to be settle^ in lieu thereof, and to the same uses; and for other purposes:

An Act for vesting the devised Estates of John Ferryman, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying part of the purchase Money in discharge of incumbrances, and for laying out the residue, under the

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of ton, in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for inclosing, embanking, draining, and improving, certain Lands in the Tovmship of Facnol, in the Parish of Towt/n, in the County of Merioneth:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships or Hamlets of Byhilland Camerton, in the East Riding of the

direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the purchase County of York-, and for making compensation for the

of other Estates, to be settled to the' fame ul’es; and, until such purchase be made, for laying out such residue in die purchase of Three per cent. Consolidated Bank Annuities: '

An Act for authorizing the Trustees named in the 'will of Jane Catherine Keatc, Widow, to fell the Messuages and Tenements in SFields, in the County of Middlesex, thereby devised, and for in vetting the clear

purchase Monies, under the direction of the High Court of Chancery, in other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same uses; and also for authorizing the granting of building and repairing Leases until sale:

An Act for vesting the Mansion House and Land, called Ealing Groi'e, in the County of (part

Tythes thereof, and also for the Tythes of the antient inclosed Lands within the said Townships or Hamlets:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of water., in the County of Safer

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of ham, S'tody, and Brinton, in the County of

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Bramhope, in the Parish of Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Parish of Snaleicell, in the County of Cambridge:

An Act for dividing certain Lands in the Parish of Norton Bavant, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of

of the Estates devised by the will of James Bail/ie, Esquire) bridge and Parish of in the County of York:

in Trustees, upon trull, to sell the same, under the di- An Act to distolve the Marriage of Thomas We/lon, reftions of the Court of Chancery, and to apply the Esquire, with Frances Mary , his now Wife, and to' Money arising from the sale thereof in the purchase of enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein Other Hereditaments, to be settled to the uses of the will mentioned:

■ of the said James Baillie:

An Act for vesting certain parts of the Estates late of Marti Grc-ne, Widow, deceased, situate in the County o (Norfolk, and by her will devised or limited to drift

uses, in Trustees to be sold; and for applying part of the Monies arising from the sale thereof, in discharge of an incumbrance subsisting thereon, and for laying out the residue of such Monies in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same uses:

An Act for vesting certain Trust Estates in the Trustees of the Settlement executed on the marriage of Henry Coxwell, Esquire, and Margaret his wife:

An Act for vesting in Thomas Roper, of Strerf, in t he City of London, Builder, a Me (hi age, withL the Appurtenances, in Little Saint Helens, in the said City of J/aidon, the Estate of Man/ Smith, an Infant, and' for applying the purchase Money for the fame in the manner therein directed:

An Act for dividing and felling or disposing of the Common Lands and Waste Grounds in the Manor, Barony, Town and Township of in the County

Palatine of Chester, and for applying the Money to ar-ife thereby, for the benefit of the Poor of the said Town:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manors' or Town-ships of Chi Idle all, Great Wooand Little in '

the Parish of Child-wall, in the County Palatine

caster:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Cunford, in the County of and in the Town

and’County of the down of Poole:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Swallow, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for ineloting Lands in the Parish of -viainc, in the County of

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlets of Which-ford, AJeot t, and Stowerton, in the Parish of,

in the County of Warwick:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of ford, in the County of Southampton- ’ ..

An Act for naturalizing John Henry Brtine:

An Act for naturalizing John Henry Borrell:

An Act for naturalizing Guff aims Flindt:

An Act for naturalizing Caroline Frederica

Sophia Baroness De-Skin, of Nordheim, in the Empire of Germany, Wife of Joseph Charles Esquire.

An Act for naturalizing Georg Conradt

An Act for naturalizing Christian

An Act for naturalizing Christian

An Act for naturalizing Jo/hua

An Act for naturalizing John Bernhard La Marche.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee <» resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 43d year of importe His present Majesty, as charges a duty on Glal's imported; he now read:—And the fame being read;—-The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Slurgcs Bourne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. St urges Bourne reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resoluiions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Be/t be added to the Com- Member mittee, appointed to draw up Articles of Impeachment Jm^chmen* against Henry Lord Viscount Melville. Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House Commirteeon to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of several Acts made in the 43d year of His &c. on Sugar-present Majesty, and in the iaft Session of Parliament, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof; be now read:—And the fame being read; the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

'4 Mr.

Commit rec

on Duty oil Hups-

Committee on Militia Olti-ccis Vsy Bill.

Ireland— Committee on Customs Ke-{uUooa Bill.

Anfvrer to: Addrdj.

t

1

Drawback on Exportation Lintn, to k considered

45 Geo. III. 2T Junil 433

Mr. Sf urges Bourne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sturges Bourne reported front the Committee, That

they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee dr the whole House, to consider of so much of art Act, made in the 43d year of 11 is present Majesty, as charges a duty on Hops; be now read:—And the fame being read ;—The. House re-solved itself into the said Committee. -

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. St urges Bourne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. <5 '/urgesBourne reported from the Committee, That

they had come to a Resolutr.n; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To*morrow.

itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cohfider of increasing the Drawback of the Duty of Customs on the Exportation from Great Britain, of certain species of Linen, to any Istand under the Dominion of His Majesty

in the West Indies.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committeeon fefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Customs*OflU the Bill for abdlishing Fees received by certain Officers cersFce*. of the Customs in the Port of London, and for ensuring a tnore constant and regular attendance of the Officers of that Revenue in the said Port, be now read :—And the fame being read ;—The I Ioufe resolved itself into the said Committee.

M r. Speaker left the Cfiair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to rcfo've itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to empower 11 is Majesty to retain, upon Full Pay and Allowances, Officers of the Militia, during the War, notu ithstanding the Reduction; be now read: —And the fame being read ;—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. S, >eaker left the Chair.

Mr. Spurges Bourne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sturges Bourne reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill more effectually to regulate the Collection of the Duties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported and exported into or from Ireland, and the Payment of Bounties, Allowances, and Drawbacks thereon.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report he received Tommorrow.

L

Mr. Sec retary at War reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that II is Majesty would be grar foully pleated to give directions that the Account, theifon mentioned, might be laid before this House) had be'll p relented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions accordingly.

The House wras moved, That an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty, during the" present War, and until the Ratification of u Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain, might be read :—And the fame Was read.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Jail Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and for six months after the expiration thereof by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into Great Britain, and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, brought or carried Coastwise within Great Britain, might be read :—And the lame being read;

- Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve

Vol. 60.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Committee on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Wawhoufing the Bill to authorize the Ix>rds Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to permit certain Articles to be ware-housed in di/ferent Ports of Great Britain, upon giving security for the payment of Duties upon the Articles therein mentioned, be now read:—And the fame being read ;—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, straw Platting; a Bill for charging additional Duties of Customs on Straw Bill, Platting, and on Straw Hats or Bonnets, imported into Presented* Great Britain: And the fame was received; and read the firtl time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To'-morrow.

Mr. Sturges Bourne presented to the House, according paiaCe Yard to Order, a Bill for purchasing certain Buildings' and Buildings Ground in and near Palace Yard Westminster, for the printed, use of the Public: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Air. Nicholas Vanfitlart presented to the House; by Ireland— His Majesty’s command:—An Estimate of the Sum wffiich will be necessary for the payment of such Military i0wances. Allow ances in Ireland, as were formerly paid out of the presented. Fund of Military Contingencies, and have not been otherVvife provided for, for one year, to 25th December 1805, and for making good the Arrears of such Allowances :—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table.

The said Estimate is inserted in the Appendix to Appendix, this Volume. (No. 72.)

Mr. Davies Giddy presented to the House, according to pochard Order, a Bill to revive and continue an Act, made in the Fishery Bill, 31ft year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for Preftnted-" the encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing " a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and " exported:" And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To^ morrow.

5 9 Ordered

434

27° yuniu 180,).

Ireland— Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Loan"^.'on refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, for raising the sum of 1,500,000, by way of Annuities, for the Service of Ireland-, be now read:— And the same being read;—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That thfty had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report bfe received Tommorrow.

Return reUt- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a »ng to the Return of the number of Recruits, and of the strength of

ordered. the Detachments, at the Army Depdt belonging to

Regiments Abroad, on the ill of January 1804, the ill of January 1805, and the ill of June 1805.

Howth Har- Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Committed. reading of the Bill for granting a certain sum of Money towards improving the Harbour on the North fide of the Hill of Hou fh, near Dublin, and rendering it a fit situa-tion for His Majesty’s Packets; be now read:—And the fame being read;—The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a- Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Report Mr. Ormsby, according to Order, reported from the

8uPPlr* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolutiorts which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz. siem leone. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

a Sum, not exceeding Fourteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the charge of the Civil Establishment at Sierra Leone to the 31ft day of December 1805.

Africa. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to enable Him to take such measures as He may think proper for the purpose of making discoveries in the interior of Africa.

Non-con- Resolved\ That it is the Opinionof this Committee, That forming a nett Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand one hundred Jreilwd" m an(l seventy-six Pounds three foil lings and three pence, Irish currency, be granted to His Majesty for completing the sum necessary for the support of the non-conforming Ministers of Ireland, for one year, from the 5th day of January 1805 to the 5th day of January 1806.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ireland— Mr. Ormsby, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Spinifli°Red to consider further of the Duties upon Spanifi Red Wine Wine. imported into Ireland; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty be charged on the Importation into Ireland of Spani/hRed Wine, in proportion to the additional duty on the Importation thereof into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of the said Duty be allowed upon the Exportation of Spanish Red Wine exported from Ireland.

The said Resolutions being severally read a fecoi^d

time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Ormsby, Mr. , and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for settling and securing a certain Att<*

Annuity on John now Duke of Atholl, and such person

or persons as would, for ever hereafter, for the time being have been Lord or Lords of the of Man, if the fame had not been revelled in His Majesty by an Act passed in the fifth year of His reign; be now read :—And the fame being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a second time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the word " now," and at the end of the Question, to add the words " upon this day three " months."

And the Question being put. That the word " now," stand part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas * Mr> S(‘CTCtai7 at War> 1 ellers lor llie 1 eas.

50.

12.

Tellers for the No«,< \\£

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being pul;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said BUL

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- pfor tb ing of the ingross'ed Bill for the more effectual prevention ^[J"( of Smuggling; be now read:—And the fame being read; readttetia Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the third ti®*' time.

Then the counsel against the Bill was called in.

And the said Bill was read the third time.

And the Petition of Daniel Delife Brock, Esquire, one of the Jurats of the Royal Court of the Island of Guernsey, on behalf of himself, and all’o as the Deputy in this behalf specially appointed by the States of the said Island, was also read.

And the counsel for the Petitioner was heard. r

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Ordered, That the further Proceeding upon the third reading of the said Bill, be adjourned till Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to

refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon g^Biii the Bill for raising the sum of Eight Millions, by Loans or y t Exchequer Bills, for the service of Great Britain, for the ' | year one thousand eight hundred and five; be now read:

—And the lame being read ;—The House resolved itself '

into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they lmd gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to j refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon gyuBiJ the Bill for raising the sum of Two millions five hundred (i-iii06 thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for foe service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight x hundred

45 Geo. III.

27° Junil.

435

ft! on*

hundred and five; be now read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for indemnifying the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for hating advanced Money for the Public fer-Vice on the credit of Exchequer Bills authorized to be raised by three Acts, passed in the 41ft, 43d, and 44th years of I I is Majesty’s reign.

Then the House resolveditself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumod the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- when the House will please to receive the same.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee o* Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repeal- C ing the Duties of Customs on Cochineal Dull and Gra-nilla imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexandet reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report;

litice on

•cjuer

Bill

; 00,000)

to amend

lAft,

rred.

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising the Ann of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five; be now read:—And the fame being read ;—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair!

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon, was committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 43d ftllteexplain year of His p relent Majesty, for granting to HisMajesty, until the sixth day of May next after the ratification of a definitive Treaty of Peace, a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, might be read :—And the fame was read.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty additional Duties iq Great Britain on the amount of Afi'eUments to be charged on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, might be read :—And the fame was read.

The House was also moved, That another Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, to repeal certain parts of an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices; and to consolidate and render more effectual the Provisions for collecting the said Duties, might be read:—And the fame being read: v

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain so much of the said Acts as relate to the Dividends payable by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies:And that Mr.

Mr. Sturges Bourne, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

imd— The Order dS the day being read, for receiving the The House being informed, that Mr. Lamb, from the Account* of rdpefting Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom S Sea Company, attended at the door; he was called Unciauncd

manes,

Ted.

orbring-’oals to on by id

tttion,

ed.

the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 5th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for erecting and " establishing Public Infirmaries or Hospitals in this " Kingdom," was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tommorrow.

The Order of the day being road, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing under certain Restrictions, the bringing a limited quantity of Coal, Culm, or Cinders, to London and Westminsterby Inland Navigation;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

m; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant s,uth sea to their Orders, House,

An Account of the amount of all unclaimed Dividends presented‘ ob the Public Funds, which were receivable before 10th October 1780, remained unpaid on 30th September and

31ft December in the same year, and have finee been paid at the South Sea House: And also.

An Account of the amount of all unclaimed ffividends on the several Annuities patable at the South Sea House; which were receivable before the 10th of October 1802; and remained unpaid on 30th September and 31ft December, in the same year: And also,

An Account of all Stocks Handing at the South Sea House in the name of the Accountant General of the

ittee on'

Man

Bill.

Court of Chancery or the Deputy Remembrancer of the The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Court of Exchequer, in trull for the Suitors of those Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regu- Courts respectively; made up to the ill of October luting and encouraging the Trade, for the improvement 1804.

And then lie withdrew:—And the Titles were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table. The said Accounts are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

of the Revenue, and prevention of Smuggling to and from the Isle of Man.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

y Bill, T1 ie Order of the day being read, for the House to re-* solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the distilling of Spirits in for exportation to Scotland, and in Scotland for exportation to England, and for better securing the Duties payable thereon.

VoL Go. l

Appendix,

(No. 0i.)

The House being informed, that Mr. BulLy, from the Account of Exchequer, attended at the door; he was called in; and, -Addrest at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty, t

An Account of all Monies which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to the Addreftcs of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament;—with a Duplicate.

And then he withdrew:—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do li& upon the Table.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to Appendix, this Volume. (fio. 33.)

Mr.

l

,436

27"—28° Junh.

A, 1805.

Returns re* lating to the Army, presented.

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

Mr. JTuJkiJjbu presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Return of the number of Men raiserl for the new Levies between the tft January and ift May 1805, which are included in the Adjutant General’s Return of Recruits raised, during that period, by the ordinary mode of Recruiting And also,

Return of the number of Men who have volunteered from the Militia into the Regular Army under the Act of the 1 Oth April 1805, who are included in the Adjutant General’s Return of the effective Strength of the Arftiy on the iftof May 1805.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Returns be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Returns are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Order for Bill relating to Assessed Taxes in Scotland, discharged, and another ordered.

Bill,

presented.

Auditors of Accounts Bill, presented.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Veneris, 28° die Junii;

Anno 45° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

Accounts re- \ f R- Dickinson, junior, presented to the House, pur-

’> JL V a

bring to Ships3 presented.

suant to their Orders,

Copies of the Reports which have been made to the Navy Board by the Officers of the Dock Yards, on examining the Stetin Timber, which was used on His Majesty’s Ships, some years since, by way of experiment to ascertain its durability: And also.

An Account of Sums paid for Repairs of the Ships therein-mentioned, shewing to whom such Sums were paid, and the years in which paid, together with the price which each of the Ships would have coll if built by contract at the respective periods: And also.

An Account /hewing the Price of Timber in 4he Kin0'’* Yards on the iSth of February 1801, and the

Inclosure Bill, agreed to.

The House wras moved, That the Order made yesterday, (That leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for consolidating certain of the provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the management of the Commissioners " for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said " Acts, so far as the same relate to that part of Great Britain called Scotland, "so far as relates to the Appointment of Alfelfors and Collectors for assessing and raising the said Taxes;) might be read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

The House was moved. That the said Act might be read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring ip a Bill to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the appointment of Alfelfors and Sub-Collectors, and the Notices required to be delivered to Persons assessed to the said Duties: And that Mr. HuJkiJJon Mr. Sturges Bourne, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Pr.

Pr.

Mr. HuJkiJJon presented to the House, according to Order, the said Bill: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Advances winch have been since made thereon—the advantages given by the alteration in the mode of measurement and qualifications, are ihcwn in Money: And also.

An Account of the Prices given for Oak Timber in a rough state, delivered at His Majesty’s Dock Yards:

And also.

An Account of the Qualifications and Prices of Sided Timber.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers:—And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

The said Papers are preserved airtonglt the other Papers of this SeUion.

The House proceeded to take into confederation the Lo^, Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill; intituled, Amendment An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hampton in Arden, in the County of Warioick.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as fol loweth; viz.

Leave out " Reeve," and insert " Keene"

After " the," insert " said."

After " Lands," insert " called Hamp-" ton in Arden Open Fields."

After " Act," insert " so that no such " springs, streams, or currents of " Water be diverted or turned, with-" out the con fen t,' in writing, of the " Owner of Owners of the Ladds or " Grounds, from whole Lands and " into whose Lands the same shall " be diverted or turned; and "

Leave out " Patron thereof, and of " the;" and in 1. 12, leave out from " Diocele," to the end of the Clause, and insert " and of the Patron of such " Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesi-" astical Benefice, for the time being " respectively."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

1. 20. 1. 12. 1. 15.

:.iL

Pr.

14.1.23

Pr. 23.

1. 11.)

&. 12.)

Mr. Hujkiffon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for appointing additional Commissioners for the better examining and auditing certain of the Public Accounts of Great Britain: And the fame was received;

and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second- time Tommorrow.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Lord* Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for inclosing Lands, in the Parish of indofare Bill,

in the County of Buckingham. agreed to.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 42. 1. 16.^ I. eave out " Patron thereof, and of & 17.5 "the," and in 1. 17, leave out from " Diocese," to the end of the Clause, and insert " and of the Patron of " such Church, Chapel, or other Ee-" clefiaftieal Benefice, for the time " being respectively."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to determined by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing Lands lying in the Parishes of Cherry Orton, other wise Overton Watervile, and Aiwa! ton, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties c oncerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; (except the Owners of Estates assessed to the Land Tax at 13.?■. 3 d.who rc?fused to sign the Bill, and also the

Owners of Estates assessed at j£. z. 8 s. 6d. who were neuter; and that the whole of the Property belonging to

Persons

Cherry Orton and Alwalwn InclQfureBiIli

reported, and re-commuted*

45 Geo. III. 28° Juniu 437

Persons interested in the Inclosure, is assessed to the Land Tax at j£. 123. 15 -v. 9 J; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the find Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the fame was committed.

kr I An ingrafted Bill for inclosing Lands in the Parish of s, &c. Somcrford Keynes, in the County of was read the

GreB.ii, time.

The Amendments following wore severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 39.7 - - - To leave ont " Patron or Patrons there-

& 40.3 " of, and of t he," and iniert " Lord"

instead thereof.

Pr. 40. I. 2. To leave out from " Diocefo," to the end of line 4. and infrrt " and of the " Patroii of Inch Clmreh, Chapel, or " other Kccleliafiieal Beneiice, for ’ " the time being respectively," in* dead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Re/bh'ed, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Keynes, in the County of Wills.

Ordered, That Mr. Penrmldocke do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as follow* cth; viz.

Rejhlved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Customs of Two shillings and six pence, be charged on every foot, superficial measure, of all foreign rough Plate Glass, and ground or polished Plate or Crown Glass, imported into Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Duty of Customs of One Hulling be charged on every foot, superficial measure, of German Sheet Glass imported into Great Britain.

The said Resolutions being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Sturges Bourne, Mr. and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. *S'{.urges Bourne, according to Order, reported from j*eT'ort or> the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Hopj. ferred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, as charges a Duty on Hops, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place;

:md afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth;

R<fokecd JVWnX. it. is the Opinion of this Committee, That one halfpenny of the Duty of two pence halfpenny per pound weight avoirdupois, charged by the said Act on Hops the growth of Great Britain, do cease and determine.

The said Resolution, being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. St urges Bourne, Mr. HufkifTun, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

fur bring- Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to Coils to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon jdky the Bill for allowing, under certain restrictions, the bring-virion, ing a limited quantity of Coal, Culm, or Cinders, to

don and Westminsterby Inland Navigation, be now read:

—And the fame being read;

Reftlived, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

orton Mr. Sturges Bourne, according to Order, reported from t c|GCommittee of the w hole House, to w hom it w as referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the 43d year of His present Majesty, as charges a Dufy on Glass imported, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read

Mr. Sturges Bourne, according to Order, reported from Report on the Committee of the whole House, to whom it wras re- ^oiulties2 ferred to consider of several Acts made in the 43d year Ax. on of His present Majesty, and in the last Session of Parliament, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu there-* of; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followethj viz.

Resolved, T\\wl it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Drawbacks and Bounties on Sugar exported, allowed by the said Acts, be discontinued; and in lieu thereof the Drawbacks and Bounties following be allowed, that is to lay:

IL; PRICKS of Brown or Mufcvvado SUGAR at which DRAW BACKS and BOUNTIES arc payable. / Drawback to be allowed on Sugar of the British Plantations in the lame ltate in which it was imported; and Bounty on refined Sugar, being ground or powdered Sugar. Bounty on refined Sugar called Bastards, or refined Loaf Sugar broken in pieces. Bounty on other refined Sugar in Loaf complete, and whole or Lump duly refmed.

If the average Price of Brown or Sugar, published in the London Gazette, shall not exceed 40.?. the cwt. - - - 225*. the cwt. 25 s.the cwt. 4oy. the cwt.

If it shall exceed 40*. and not exceed 45 215*. 25 y. — 38y. . —

<0 0 1 CO 1 1 1 1 205*. 25*. —- 36 y. —

fyOS. - 58$. 20 5*. 20 y. — 84* ""

58s. ----- 6cs, 185*. i8y. — 31* —

60s. - - - - -625*. 165*. «— i6y. *— 27 y. —«

62 s. - 645*. I4S. — i4y. — 24 y. —

64.9. - 66s. I 2 .9. —- 12 s. — 20 s. —

66 s. - - - * - 685*. * 105*. ioy. — iy,.

6Ss. - . - - - jos. 8.9. —- , 8 s. — 13*

If it shall exceed 70s. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing.

The said Resolution being road a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Sturges Bourne, Mr. Hujnifcn, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare, and bring in. the lame

* T *r’

438

28° Ju

A. 1805.

Dublin Mr. John Latouchereported from the Committee, to

K^rted*1'’ "'hom the Bill to repeal several Acts passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for regulating the Baking Trade in the City and County of Dublin, and the Liberties thereof, and for better regulating the said Trade; and for preventing frauds in the buying and selling of Corn; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, w'hich they had dire8ed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Bill*amend Mr. Blackburne of Lan according to Order, reported?’ ported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had dire8ed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And forne of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

• A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the further consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday next;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; to prevent Corn being exported, if the price in the District shall have been above the export price in the preceding week.

And the said Clause was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

ments thereunto; which they had dire8eil him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That tlte Report be received upon Monday next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. The Lor,u Popham: , have agreed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act indemnity to indemnify all Persons concerned in advancing Forty BlU* thousand pounds to Mefl’rs. Boyd, Ben field, and Company*, in one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, out of Monies issued for Naval Services; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill to amend I to amend and render more effectual an Act, parted in Tax the forty-second year of His present Majesty’s reign, for A<st. U°a confabulating the provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax into one A8; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Crinan Canal | for authorizing the Commissioners of His Majesty’s BlU* Treasury in Great Britain to advance a certain sum of Money, to be applied in completing the Canal;

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lcvenani to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the poyvers of two Acts, passed in the first and twenty-second years 11' of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Whitecross, in the Parirti of I.even in

the East Riding of the County of to the Town of

Beverley, in the said County; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parirti of Leek, in the County IuciulurcB:d-of Stafford-,without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for ^'^4 veiling part of the settled Estates of Sir John , LCgar,i s

Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, with the approbation of Eihite Bill, the High Court of Chancery, and for applying part of the purchase Monies in paying off' Incumbrances on stich Estates, and in reimbursing to him the Sums required by the Commissioners a8ing in the execution of several Acts for inclosing and draining such Estates; and for laying out the residue of the Purchase Monies in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former uses; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House:

And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Gardner'* (Visiblve the Marriage of the Honourable Alan Hyde DivoiceBiiL Gardner with Maria Elizabeth A elder ley, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

fa

tx

fill

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to AtholPs resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Annuity Bill, the Bill for settling and securing a certain Annuity on John now Duke of Atholl, and such person or persons as would, for ever hereafter, for the time being have been Lord or Lords of the Isle of Man, if the fame had not been revelled in His Majesty, by an Act passed in the fifth year of His reign; be now read:—And the fame being read;

A Motion wfts made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided:

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

22.

f The Lord Glenbenne, *)

F M r. 5°*

Tellers foV the Noes, <j \\\;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then tliel Ioufe resolved itself into the said Committee Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. -Stanley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr -Stanley reported from the Committee, That the had gone through the Bill, and made several Ament

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Izard's for veiling part of the settled Estates of Sir John Legat'd, Bt!1’ Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, with the approbation of the High Court of Chancery, and for applying part of the purchase Monies in paying off’ Incumbrances on such Estates, and in reimbursing to him the Sums required by the Commissioners arting in the execution of several Acts for inclosing and draining such Estates; and for laying out the residue of the purchase Monies in the purchase of. other Estates, to be settled to the former uses; was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gardner"* to dissolve the Marriage of the Honourable Alan Hyde Gardner with Maria Elizabeth Aand to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned, w as read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

The House being informed, that Mr. Cooke, from the Account of Exchequer Bill Office, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur- Bills, iuant to their Order, rrelc;iud

An Account of the Sqms paid for Interest. on Exchequer

45 Geo. III. 28° Jumi. 439

quor Bills, from the 5th January 1805 to the latest period to which the fame can be made out.

And then he withdrew :—And the Title was read;

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. ,ju. The laid Account is inferred in the Appendix to 73.) this Volume.

Ordered That leave be given to bring in a Bill, to in-5ty dcmnilV all Persons who 111 all give evidence against Henry deie ' I.ord Viscount Melville, upon the Impeachment voted atrainll him by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament atl’embled, in respect of any act done by such Persons, in any oilice or employment held by them under the said Lord Viscount Melville, during the time he held and enjoyed the office of Treasurer of His Majesty’sNavy: Ami that Mr.

bread, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Grey, Mr. Fax, and Mr. Giles, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

•tree on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to |5:,r* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon 1‘11, the Bill for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury of Great Britain, to advance a certain sum of Money to the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, towards the completion of the Docks and other Works in the Harbour of; be now read :— And the fame being ready—The 1 louse refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

* Mr. Alevander reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

r.ir;:<ron Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ry Bill, upon the Bill for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southe Whale Fishery from Great Britain; be now read:—And the fame being read;—The House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.-

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair;

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, w hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

n of A Petition of William Todd Jones was presented to the . House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was J1'1' arrested in the County of Cork, in his bed, early in the morning of the 29th day of July 1803, by the Reverend William Sfc'cart, Lieutenant Douglas, and a numerous body of Soldiery, upon a Warrant as alledged of General William Myers, but which Warrant the Petitioner never saw; that he was detained one night in the Military Guard 1 louse of Bandou, and next day, under a ft long escort, was lodged in the South Jail of the City of Cork, upon the Warrant of the Mayor of Cork, which Warrant the Petitioner saw; that, alter a detainer there of four days, he was conveyed to the Prevot Prison of the fame City, and lodged in the elofe custody of the Prevost Martial; and that the Petitioner was utterly denied the opportunity of seeing his friends, and that such as fought to ice him were repeKed with intuit and ill treatment; and that his Sifter made repeated applications, in vain, for ad-million to the pril’on: and that a Mr. a gentleman

'of respeHaWe character, property, and unimpeached loyalty, who, hearing that the Petitioner was severely in lifposed, called to visit him, was, in consequence of his visit, arrested and detained in custody during the period of sixteen days; and that, some time after the committal of the Petitioner, he received from the Right honourable William Wickham, then principal Secretary Vol. 60.

to his Excellency the Earl of Lord Lieute-

nant of Ireland, a tender of liberation, provided he w'ould go to England, and remain there at large; and that the Petitioner, conscious of the most perfect innocence, and, considering that acquiescence in such a proposal w'ould imply guilt, re Ip ect fully declined it, at the same time tendering to Mr. Wickham the moll ample satisfaction that an unreserved examination upon oath could aliord, and intreating a speedy trial; and that the Petitioner has remained ever since in elofe custody, now for twenty months, sustaining all the rigours of a Military Prevot, and, added to them, the unw holesome dampness of a new, undried, and unfinished edifice, to the material injury of his health; and that the creditors of the Petitioner, induced by the coneluiions they drew of his danger and guilt from so rigorous an imprisonment, and his total seclusion, by order of the General, from them and all his friends, came down upon him at once with their demands, to satisfy which, lie relinquithed to them his moderate income, and has ever since been confined for subsistence to the mere Jail allowance; and that the Petitioner is now very infirm, and of the age of fifty-two }rears, thus of-prelfed, untried, and unheard: And therefore praying. That the House w ould be pleased to take his case into its consideration, and grant him such redress for the heavy calamity he has sustained in the loss of liberty and time, of health, reputation, and pecuniary credit, as to its judgment and benevolence may seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of the Minutes appointing Major acting, and afterwards confirming him in the office of, private Secretary to the Governor General Marquis Wel-lejley, in the room of the honourable Henry nominated Lieutenant Governor of the Ceded Provinces.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of the Minute appointing Captain Shaio to succeed Major Malcolm in the situation of private Secretary; with the sums drawn for salary or efiablidtment by those officers respectively; specifying the dates of such payments.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of the Accounts of all sums drawn for Salary or Establish-ment, difitinguishing them respectively, by the honourable Henry Wellesley, w hilll Lieutenant Governor of the Ceded Provinces; specifying the dates and places of payment, and the authority by which such payments were made, including the amount of sums drawn as Secret Service Money, and other items, under the head of Durbar Charges.

Ordered, That t here be laid before this House, a List of the Appointments of Officers, Civil, Military, and Medical, attached to the office of Lieutenant Governor, whether as Secretaries or Assistants,’or as commanding the Body Guard, their Salaries, where payable, and the authority for such payments.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of all Orders from the Court of Directors, or Secret Committee (during Marquis WelUjly Administration) to the

Bengal Government, prohibiting the employment of persons not in the service of the Company, excepting certain offices about the person of the Governor General, as far as documents can be disclosed, w ithout prejudice to the public service.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from the Secret Committee of the Court of Directors of the East India Company to the Bengal Government, dated 19th November 1803, upon the subject of the Treaty with the Vizier of Oude, dated iolh November 1801.

Ordered That there be laid before this House, an Account of the dates of the latest Dispatches received from Bengal, in the Political or General Department; and also, an Account of the dates of the latest Dispatches received from the several Presidencies in India, in their Revenue Departments; and inclosing the annual Accounts of the Receipts and Diiburl’ements of the said Prelidancies respectively.

Ordered,

Papers

ref V etfing Mr. Henry Wellesley, &c. ordered.

Letter refuelling th^. Nabob of Oude, ordered.

Account of D res of Pif-intches from JBergil, ordered.

440

28° Junii A. 1805.

Committee of Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House Sitpply. refold itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, to Account*,&e. consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; referred: be now read And the same being read;

House* of Ordered, That the Account of the amount of the Sum Parliament. tfjat wjj wanted to defray the expence incurred for Works done at the Two Houses of Parliament, and at

King’s Bench Prison.

Marshalsea

Prison,

Spey Bridge.

Monies advanced from Civil List.

Address

Money.

Military Allowances ia Ireland.

Keport on Pail India Company’s Account#

the House of the Speaker, between the 24th April 1804 and 5th April 1805, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the amount of the Sum that will be wanted to complete the Expence incurred in Repairs at the King's Bench Prison, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Sum that will be wanted to defray the Expence incurred for Works at the Marshalsea Prison, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the amount of the Sum that will be wanted to defray the moiety of the Expence of building the Bridge over the River Spey, at Fochabers in North Britain, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List Revenues (not being part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List), and which have not been replaced by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Monies which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to the Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sum which will be necessary for the Payment of such Military Allowances in Ireland as were formerly paid out of the Fund of Military Contingencies, and have not been otherwise provided for, for one year, to 25th December 1805, and for making good the Arrears of such Allowances, be referred to the faift Committee.

Ordered, That the Report which, upon Wednesday last, was made from the Committee appointed to take into consideration the Account between the Public and the East India Company, be referred to the said Committee.

' Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ireland— The House was moved That an Act, made in the 41ft Aftrefpca- year of His present Majesty, for granting to His Majesty Survey,'tole several sums of Money for defraying the Charge of considered. certain permanent Services in Ireland, might be read :— And the same being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of io much of the said Act as relates to the Military Survey of Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Panne Knight, be added to the Committee, to whom the Report, which upon the 19th day of June last was made from the Committee, on the Petition of the Trustees of the Museum, is

referred.

Bill for the Ordered, That the Order of the day, for resuming the prevention of adjourned Proceeding upon the third reading of the smuggling, jn'o-roiVed Bill for the more effectual prevention of Smug-on et" glfng, be now read :—And the lame being read ;—The House resumed the said adjourned Proceeding.

An ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder; to punilli Persons taking Iiorfcs for conveying Goods subject lo forfeiture, without the Owners consent.

And the said Clause was brought up, and twice read with a Blank.

Member , added to Museum Committee.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blank with a

pecuniary Penalty;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receiv e the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had ' made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Quell ion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following w as proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 18. I.16. After " committed " to insert "within " any Port, Harbour, Creek, Haven,

" or Roadilead, of either of the said " I Hands of Ctrenifiy, Alder-

" ney, or Sark, may and shall been-" quired of, examined, tried, andde-" terrained in the said Islands, and " every Offence committed elic-* where."

And the said Amendment Was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed lo by the House; and the Bill was amended, at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, Motion That it is highly expedient that the Army should be kept t!lt

up, as nearly as possible, complete to the Establishment fUj«:rftded. which has been provided by Parliament;

Ordered, That the other Orders of the day be now read.

And the Order of the day being accordingly read, for Committee 01 the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, upon the Bill to permit the Exportation of Wool tation BiH-from the British Plantations in America to the United Kingdom :—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed bun to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

And the House having continued to lit till half an hear after Twelve of the clock on Saturday morning;

Ordered, That the Report be received this day.

The Order being read, for the third reading of the uoiverittir* ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to repeal j

so much of an Act, passed in the ninth year of the Reign;

of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, j

* An Act to restrain the Disposition of Lands, v.-hcrehy;

" the fame become unalienable," as rest rains Colleg'-'S;

within the two Universities of Oxford and Ca?nbr:dge

12 flOill

45 Geo. Ill*

28j Junk.

441

:hiul— enur Bill* uniued.

from purchasing or holding AdvowsonS, ekcept is therein

is provided;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

The Order of the (lav being read, for the second reading of the Bijl to provide, for the better execution of the several Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise;—The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Jiefolved, I’hat this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the day being read, for receiving the Report Ireland—^ from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill more effectually to regulate the Collection of the Duties reported, on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported and exported into or from Ireland, and the Payment of Bounties, Allowances, and Drawbacks thereon, was committed;

Mr. Alexander reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

*js and

leans,

fcrrtd.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve the Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of 0fjj, itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider fur- increasing the Drawback of the Duty of Customs, on

rtaticrt men*

ther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to the Exportation from Great Britain of certain species of His Majesty; T ‘ ’ ’ ’ ' '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

ublin Patna:, See. ammilGoil-« Bill, iferred.

the Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to provide for the appointing

Linen to any Island under the dominion of His Majesty in the West Indies;—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.- Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That

Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregu- they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed

larities or Abuses which may have taken place in con- ’ ' ‘ ~ TT —" ’ "-----~

ducting and managing the paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin, and to provide for the Suspension. of the Powers and Authorities of the Corporation of Directors and Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets, and for veiling the fame in other Persons during such Suspension; and for the better conducing and managing the Business of the said Corporation; was re-committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

lank Notes* (c. Forgery fill, passed*

The Order of the day being read, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill to alter and extend the Provisions of the Laws now in force for the puni/liment of the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bills of Exchange, and other Securities, to every part of the United Kingdom ;—The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act to alter and extend the Provisions of the Laws now in force for the punishment of the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bills of Exchange, and other Securities, to every part of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Gi’es do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received this day.

The Order of the day being read, for receiving the Report Bill toaboiift from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for abolishing Fees received by certain Officers of the reported.’ Customs in the Port of London, and for ensuring a more constant and regular attendance of the Officers of that Revenue in the said Port, was committed;

Mr. Alexander reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place -, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time this day.

The Order of the day being read, for receiving the Report Warehousin-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill BU1» iePorwJ*

wnleian Jett ion

rr>. /-v ■) , . , , . , - , , to authorize the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s

Jethon , The Order of the day being read, for receiving the Report Treaf to permit certain Articles to be warehoused in

i, deferred. [rom Committee of t he whole House, to whom the Bill jjfferent ports in Great Britain, upon giving security for toveftthe 7 nwnlswnCollection of anf.ent Senlntnre in the })ayment of Dul5es upon the Articles therein mentioned, was committed;

Mr. Alexander reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him ’to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments W ere once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and; pon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed

toveftthe TownleianCollection of antient Sculpture in the

Trustees of the British Alufcum, for the use of the Public, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday next.

tlaOffi-Pay Bill, rte<l.

the Order of the day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to empow'er His Majesty tQ retain upon Full Pay and Allowances, Officers of the Militia during the War, notwithstanding the Reduction, was committed;

Mr. Sturges Bourne reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Floufe.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Vo L.6o.

B

by the House. ‘

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time this day.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading of the Bill for charging additional Duties of Customs on Straw Platting, and on Straw I I ats or Bonnets imported into Great Britain;—The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, this day, resolve it*

5 U felt*

Straw Platting Bill; committed.

442

self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

'halace Yard Buildings Bill, tommitted.

Pilchard

Fi mery Bill, Committed.

Ireland-*

Report on Loan Act, deferred.

Committee on Howth Harbour Bill.

Exchequer Bills Bill (£-8,oooo, oooo) reported.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading of the Bill for purchniing certain Buildings and Ground in and near Palace Yard Wtjhnhisler, for the use of the Public ;—The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, this day, resolve it* self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading of the Bill to revive and continue an Act, made in the 31 it year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a " further1 Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported—The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole I louse.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve it self into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

the Orderof the day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, for raising the sum of £. 1,500,000. by way of Annuities, for the Service of Ireland

Ordered, That the Report be received this day.

the Orderof the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I Ioufe, upon the Bill for granting a certain sum of Money, towards improving the Harbour.on the North fide of the Hill of near

Dublin, and rendering it a fit situation for His Majesty’s Packets;—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received this day.

the Orderof the day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the sum of Eight Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Britain, for the

year One thousand eight hundred and five, was committed;

Mr. Alexander reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to thq Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time this day.

28° Junii. ' A. 1805.

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question 1'ever.ally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, this dav.

That the said Bill be read the third time

Kxchequtr Bills Bill

the Orderof the day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising the sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five, was committed;

Mr. Alexander reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made If! the Bill, and which they had directed him to report, to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time this day.

the Orderof the day beingread, for receiving the Report Ireland— from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend and render more cflcctual an Act, made in the reported. *’ Parliament of Ireland, in the 5th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for erecting and cltablilli-" ing Public Infirmaries or Hospitals in this Kingdom,", was committed;

Mr. Alexander reported from the said Committee, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the Lloufe; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

The Order of the day being read, for receiving the Report ll!e of Mm from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Tra^* for regulating and encouraging the Trade, for the improve- * ment of the Revenue, and prevention of Smuggling to and from the Isle 0/ Man, was committed;

Mr. Alexander reported from the said Committee, the' Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the lloufe; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the laid" Bill be read the third time this day.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve committtean itself into a Committee of the whole I Ioufe, upon the Bill for BlB*

the Orderof the day being read, for receiving the Report) regulating the distilling of Spirits in England for expor-

Exchequer

(£2 foevoooo) from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill rcp»rt«(L^ for raising the sum of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service ef Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five, was committed;

Mr. Alexander reported from the said Committee, the

Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the Jfoufe; and he read the Report in his place; and

tation to Scotland, and in Scotland for exportation to England, and for better securing the Duties payable thereon;—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend*

meats

4o Geo. I i i

2S°— 29°

443

merits thereunto, which they had directed him to reportj the nature of the Repair each required, to he put into con* when the House will picnic to receive the same. dition for permanent Service: And also.

Ordered, That the Report be received this day. A Lift of Ships of the Line and Frigates repaired

between ift October 1801 and 15th May 1804; the wing ne-.il the Orderof the day being read, for receiving the Report the time when each was completed, the nature of the

■cjicfted. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Repair each required when taken in hand to be put into forrepealmgtheDutiesofCiiiiomsonCochinealDustand condition for permanent Service, and the nature of the Granilla imported into Great Britain, and for granting . Repair actually given: And also,

other Duties in lieu thereof, was committed; An Account of the English Gak Timber in store at the

Mr. Alexander reported from the said Committee, the several Yards on 31ft December in each year, from 1793 Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill,

bating

Med

in

and,

nitied.

liters of

Enitted.

and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; arid, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingFofl'ed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time this day.

The Order of the day being read, for the second reading of the Bill to amend fomuchofan Act of the forty-third year of His present Majesty, forconfolidating certain of the provisions of t he Acts relating to the Duties under

the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, as relates to the appointment of Assessors and Sub-collectors, and the notices required to be delivered to Persons assessed to the said Duties;—The said Bill was read a second time.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Befolved, That this House will, this day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the day being read, for the second reading of the Bill for appointing additional Commissioners for the better examining and auditing certain of the Public Accounts of Great Britain ;—The said Bill was read a second time.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Befolved, That this House will, this day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

to 1804, inclusive; and at the present time: And also. An Account of the English Oak Timber received into store at His Majesty’s several Ya>*ds in each year, lrom ift January 1793 to the present time: And also.

Copies of the Correfporidence between the Admiralty and Navy Boards, respecting the Supplies of Oak Timber,. from ift January to 15th May 1804; omitting the names. of places and persons, where the fame cannot be dif-closed without inconvenience to the Public Service.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers:—And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander have leave to make a Motion :—And he moved the House accordingly. Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till this Mornings Eleven of the clock.

Sabbat i, 29° die Junii;

Anno 45#Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of to establish and confirm an Exchange made by and Shaftefounr*} between the Rector of the Parish Church of ConroittW.

Saint Giles and Alhallows, in the County of and the Right honourable Anthony Afde Earl of of part of his Glebe Lands, and other Lands held and enjoyed with the said Rectory, for other Lands there, the property of the said Earl, which are more conveniently situated for the said Rector and his Successors; was read a second time.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Jacob Henry Afiley, Mr. Morton Pitt,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

•Mated Mr. Hiifkiffonpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great,

and for applying certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of Great Britain, for the vear one thousand eight hundred and five: And the fame was received.

Ordered, That Mr. 1lhave leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly:—And the said Bill was read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time this day.

d— Mr. Alexander presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for charging an additional Duty on Spanish :<i.’ Red Wine imported into Ireland: And the fame was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander have leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly:—And the said Bill was read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read.a second time this day.

Mr. Alexander presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

A Lift of Ships of the Line and Frigates paid off be-i L tween ill October 1801 and, 8th March 1803, shewing

Vol. 60.

Ordered, That the several Accounts, which were pre- Account* fented to the House upon the 10th day of this inllant speahig June, by Mr. Walton from the Governor and Company Dividends, of the Bank of England, and upon Thursday last by &c. to be Mr. Lamb from the South Sea Company, be printed, prmted-for the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Befi do make the Report Rotherhithe from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and Tunnel Bill, maintaining a Road or Roads under the River , re*orte' ’

from the Parish of Saint Mary Bother hit he in the County of Surrey, to the opposite fide of the said River in the County of Middlesex, was re-committed; and to whom the Petition of the Rulers, Auditors, Comptrollers, and Aftistants, of the Society or Company of Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the River Thames between Gravesend and Windsor,. under their Common Seal; alnd also the Petition of several Inhabitants of the Parities of Saint John of Wapping in the County of dlesex, and Saint Mary Botherhithein the County of Surrey; were severally referred.

Mr. Serjeant Befi accordingly reported from the said

Committee, That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, a upon

444

29° Junk.

-4. 1805.

upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

'the Lords A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ord and Mr. W.gr.rf popk,m;

' Mr. Speaker,

Coaiting The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Trade Bill. to amen(j an Act, made in thq. thirty-first year of His present Majesty, for the better regulation and government of Seamen employed in the Coasting Trade; without any Amendment: And also.

Bill to amend The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act teunce^of'* ^or ni°i"e effectual the gracious intentions of her

jwoTciergy. Majesty Queen Anne, for the Augmentation of the

maintenance of the poor Clergy, so far as relates to the returns of Ceriificates into the Exchequer, and Gifts of personal property; without any Amendment: And also, Ireland— The Ixnds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act CivilijftAft to amen<^ an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, for the support of the honour and dignity of His Majesty’s Crown in Ireland, and for granting to His Majesty a Civil List Establishment, under certain provisions and regulations; without any Amendment: And also,

Ireland— * The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ^ith an Blll> ^or c°Meft, no Duties on Spirituous Liquors distilled Amendment.. in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Distiller; and the warehousing of such Spirits for exportation; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also, f0 *mcnd The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act bg criminal *° arnend two Acts, of the thirteenth and forty-fourth Laws, with years of His present Majesty, for the more effectual ex-Amendments. ecution of the Criminal Laws, and more easy apprehending and bringing to Trial Offenders escaping from one part of the United Kingdom to the other, and from one County to another; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords deffre the concurrence of this The Lords House: And also,

have paired The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Allard ice’s settling and securing certain parts of the Lands of

ate 1 ‘ cloak and Findlayston, lying in the Parish of

and County of Kincardine, upon and to and in favour of Robert Barclay Allard ice, of Urie, Esquire, and the fame series of Heirs, and under the fame conditions and limitations as are mentioned and contained in a Deed of Entail made by Robert Bare lav, of Urie, deceased; and for vesting in the said Robert, Barclay Allardice, and his heirs and assigns, in Fee Simple, certain parts of the Barony of Urie, lying in the said County of Kincardine; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Bill read. And the said Bill from the Lords was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Report on -A Motion being made. That the Report which, upon Gloucester the 20th day of this inffant June, was made from the c’mBeBi!|ley Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Company of further con- Proprietors of the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal, to udered. vary and alter the Line of a certain part of the said Canal, and to enable the said Company to raise a further linn of Money for carrying into execution the several Acts for making the said Canal, was committed; and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table; be now taken into farther confederation;

And the House being informed, that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the door, to the Members of this House, upon Monday last; pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th day of May 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration:—And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Houfa

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal two Acts, passed in the 6th Thames and 32d years of hrs late Majesty, for the regulation of ^f|^'an<i Laftage and Ballastage in the River Thames, and to Biii, alpa&4 make more effectual regulations relating thereto, was read the third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder; for supplying Ships with Ballast in certain cases.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder; for restraining the Trinity House from taking Ballast weft ward of London Bridge, without Licence.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to repeal two Acts, passed in the sixth and thirty-second years of his late Majesty, for the regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River and to make

more effectual regulations relating thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Fd»

If!*!

frits-

jyeirf!

itej-

A Petition of the Innkeepers, Publicans, and Victual- petition of lers, of the Town and Borough of , in the innhoUicnof

County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; ,mon* setting forth. That the Petitioners are burthened with heavy expences, not only in common with their brethren, in consequence of the small allowance of an halfpenny a day for the lodging, use of kitchen and other utensils, vinegar, salt, and firing,* found for each Soldier quartered on them, but from their residence in an intermediate Town between Exeter and Plymouth; and that, from the numbers often quartered on them, more than they can accommodate, they are compelled to expend one flailing weekly for each Soldier placed out by them in private lodgings, exclusive of the halfpence so allowed the Petitioners, which they usually give to such Soldiers to induce them to consent to be removed :• And therefore praying for such relief as to the House may seem meet Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

ibsiof

ha

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Lordship Maiton of Mant on, otherwise Maunton, in the County of Lincoln, Ij£j££reKJ*’ was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be,

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Lordship of Manton, otherwise Maunton, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Cujl do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed hint to report to the House; which he read in his place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That K»i* Ind" a Sum, not exceeding One Million, be granted to His Company‘ Majesty, to enable His Majesty to pay the same to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, on account towards defraying the Expences incurred by them in the Public Service.

Resolved, rl'\\i\.t it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Naval a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, be A1^’lua‘ granted to His Majesty, for purchasing Ground and erecting Buildings for a Naval Alylnm, and towards the maintenance of the said Institution.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand five hundred and ‘‘ram eighty-nine Pounds ten shillings and five pence, be granted to His Majesty, to defray the expence incurred lor Works done at the two Houses of Parliament, and at

the

S

‘'3.

45 GeO; Ilti

29° Junin

445

the House of the Speaker, between the 24th day of April Ref That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Horse Patrol*. 1804 and the 5 th day of April 1805. a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred thirty-Five Pounds,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That three /hillings and sixpence, be granted to His Majesty,. a Sum, not exceeding One thousand eight hundred and to make good the like film which has been ifilled to Sir fifty-one Pounds three shillings and ten pence, be # Richard Ford, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of granted to His Majesty, to complete the expence in- ' His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, towards defraying curred in Repairs at the Kings BewcAPrifon. the expences of a Plan for the establishment of a Horse

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Patrole for the better security of the Public Roads leading a Sum, not exceeding One thousand four hundred and to the Metropolis.

twenty-one Pounds eleven /hillings and eleven pence Resolvedflhat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Military At-

three farthings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying a Sum, not exceeding One thousand and eighty-five the expence incurred for Works at the Marshalsea Pounds eleven shillings and seven-pence three farthings,

Prison. Irish currency nett, be granted to His Majesty, for the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That payment of such Military Allowances in Ireland as were a Sum, hot exceeding Six thousand Pounds, be granted" formerly paid out of the Fund of Military Contingencies, to His Majesty, to defray the moiety of the Expence of and have not been otherwise provided for, for one year to building the Bridge over the River Spey, at Fochabers in the 25th day of December 1805, and for making good North Britain. the Arrears of such allowances.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That The said Resolutions being severall v read a second time,

a Sam, not exceeding Five thousand six hundred and were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed eleven Pounds sixteen drillings and ten pence, be granted to by the House. to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has TT . ':

been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Ad- _ The House, according to Order, refojved itself into a l*land-dresses of this House, and which has not been made good Committee of the whole House, to consider of so qmch AaVefp by Parliament. °* an Act, made in the 41ft year of His present Majesty, ing Miiitaiy

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That granting to His Majesty several sums of Money for Survey-a Sum, not exceedingThree thousand Pounds, be granted defraying the Charge of certain permanent Services in * - - -- ' Ireland, as relates to the Military Survey of Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee,. That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion,

to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued to Bernard Cobbe, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to pay Fees on passing Public Accounts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred thirty-five Pounds and

six shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good rite House will please to receive the same.

the like sum which has been issued to George Atwood, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to enable him to pay a Bill for Models of Arches of Bridges, made for the use of * Committee of the House of Commons.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alexanderaccordinglyreported from the said Com- , reported,

mittee. That he wras directed by the Committee to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill to. amend so much of an Act for granting to'His’ Majesty-several sums of Money for defraying the Charge of certain

a Sum, not exceeding one thousand two hundred seventy- Permanent Services in Ireland, as relates to the Military one Pounds and two shillings, be granted to His Majesty, ®urvey -

td make good the like sum issued to John Williams,

Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for Contingent Expences in the execution of the Act for enquiring into Naval

Abuses.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That aSum, not exceeding Three hundred twenty-four Pounds and sixteen. Drillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum, which has been issued to the Magistrates of the Thames Police Office, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to defray the Expences of a Plan for the more perfect security of the Shipping in the Port of London.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred and ten Pounds seven shillings and one halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum, which has been issued to Thomas Poole, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for Expences attending the digefling and ablhafting Poor Returns.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That. ingToifed

survey

Apd Mr. Alexander moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to Billwder*, amend so much of an Act, for granting to His Majesty several sums of Money, for defraying the Charge of certain permanent Services in Ireland, as relates to the Military Survey of Ireland: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, Mr. Fofier, and Mr. Ormsby, do prepare,' and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the American Committee of the whole' House, to whom the Bill to , Wo°' Bill, permit the Exportation of Wool, from the British Planta- reported' tions in America to the United Kingdom, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made-to the Bill, and which they, had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s' Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,-were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand eight hundred and one Pounds nineteen shillings and ten pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued to Bernard Cobbe, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for additional Allowances to Clerks in the Office for

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Report on Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred E-X|,ortatioa

to consider of increasing the Drawback of the Duty of auditing the Public Accounts, for the quarter ended the Customs on the exportation from Great Britain of certain 5th day of April 1805. species of Linen to any I Hand under the Dominion of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That His Majesty in the West Indies; the Resolution which the " " ‘ .... Committee had directed him to report to the House;

which he read in his place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolvedfthatji is the Opinion of this Committee, That, on the exportation from Great Britain to the West Indies, of the several species of Linen herein after enumerated,

5 X ia

of Linen.

a Sum, not exceeding One thousand one hundred and thirteen Pounds nine Drillings and sixpence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like sum which has been issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to the Officers of the Tally Court, for Fees on Tallies, levied on several Aids granted by Parliament.

Vol. 60.

AAA

TTV

29° yuriii.

A. 1805.

in lien of the Drawbacks now allowed, the whole of the Duties charged on such Linen shall be drawn back, except the respective films herein after mentioned; viz-.

Linen; viz, portion of

~— German, Switzerland, Eaf Country,

(except Russia) and Cloth,

' ‘ JL*

plain, viz.

• - not exceeding 311 inches in breadth,

the 120 ells -

- * above the breadth of 31 $ inches, the

120 ells * - i

German and Russia Linen, chequered of

striped, the thread or yarn of which the fame is made being coloured) flamed, or dyed before the manufacture, for every £. 100 of the value thereof

Silesia, and all other Lawns, plain (except Cambricks and French Lawns) . the piece, not exceeding 8 yards in length ......

1 Rvjfia Linen, plain, not otherwise enumerated or described,

- - exceeding 22 f inches in breadth,

and not exceeding 31 { inches, the

120 ells - - - .

• - exceeding 31 { inches in breadth,

and not exceeding 45 inches, the

120 ells

» exceeding 45 inches in breadth, the

120 ells

s.

o a

» 5

d.

- % to o

003

o z

- o

Bill to tboliik Customs Officer* Feei*

- -O50

The said Resolution being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr, Alexander, Mr. Nicholas Van-Jittart, Mr. Roje, Mr. HuJkiJJon, and Mr. Sturges Bourne, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The ingrossed Bill for abolishing Fees received by certain Officers of the Customs in the Port of,

and for ensuring a more constant and regular Attendance of the Officers of that Revenue in the said Port, was, recording to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for abolishing Fees received by certain Officers of the Customs in the Port of London, and for ensuring a more constant and regular Attendance of the Officers of that Revenue in the mid Port.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Warehousing Bill* passed*

The ingrossed Bill to authorize' the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Trtfafury, to permit certain Articles to be warehoused iA different Ports in Great Britain, upon giving security for the payment of Duties upon the Articles therein mentioned, was, according to Older, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to authorize the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, to permit certain Articles to be warehoused in different Ports in Great Britain, upon giving security for the payment of Duties upon the Articles therein mentioned. f

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Monday next. Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday-next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committwo* Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for pur- *jj*»* chafing certain Buildings and Ground in and near Palace ^bul 8* YardWefim infer, for the use of the Public.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to report the same to the House; without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That (he laid Bill be read the third time Upon Monday next

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Ireland-* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, for raising the sum of j£. 1,500,000. by way of Annuities, for the service of Ireland; the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his place, and afterwards delivered ill at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is. as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient, that the Duties granted by an Act of the forty-third year of His present Majesty, intituled, " An,

" Act for granting to His Majesty, until the sixth day of

"May next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty,

*of Peace, a Contribution on the Profits arising from " Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices," should not, be charged upon so much of the first Half Year’s Divi-, dends arising on the respective Annuities granted by the# said Act of this Session of Parliament, as shall not havo-been, or shall not be, written into the Books of the..

Bank of England before the respective days appointed for doling the first Half Yearly Accounts of the said Annuities.

The said Resolution being read a second time; was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Fofier,

cholas Vansittart, and Mr. Ormsby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Howth H*r-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting a certain sum of Money towards improving the p Harbour on the North fide of the Hill of near

Dublin, and rendering it a fit situation for His Majesty’s Packets; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, -be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon

Committee on St raw Platting

Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself info a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for charging additional Duties of Customs on Straw Platting, and on Straw Hats or Bonnets imported into Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made fevferal Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, Mjhen the House will please to receive the same.

The ingrossed Bill for raising the sum of Eight Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Befalved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising the sum of Eight Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

.Exchequer Bills B-n {£.8,000,000) passed.

‘The ingrossed Bill for raising the sum of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer

Unis.

Excheoiier 'Bills Bill

<£,2,5OO, CO0)

passed.

45 Geo. III.

te'fum—X'

447

Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title bej An Act for raising the sum of Two mill ons five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for tlto Service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five? and for indemnifying the Bank of England for having advanced Money for the Public Service on the credit of certain Exchequer Bit's.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to thei Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The ingrossed Bill for ra*sing the sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer joo.000) gj[|S) for ^e Service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising the sum of One million five hun Irea thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

•quer

Bill

f Mm

: Bil), id.

The ingrossed Bill for regulating and encouraging the Trade, for the improvement of the R< v^nue, and prevention of Smuggling to and from the Isle of Man, was, according to Order, read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill *, viz.

Pr. 15. I.37. After " Subjects" to insert " at any " time before the 5th day of Aup uit " in this year, and afterwards in fub-u sequent years."

Pr. 16. L 26. After " the " to insert " fifth day of * August in this year, and on the."

1. 27. After * each " to insert " subsequent" Ph 17. L35. To leave out " from" and insert " until" instead thereof. -And the said Amendments, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was an ended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for regulating and encouraging the Trade, for the improvement of the Revenue, and prevention of Smuggling to and from the TJle of Man.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

7 Bill, Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the distilling of Spirits in England for exportation to Scotland, and in Scotland for exportation to England, and for better securing the Duties payable thereon; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fe-vcrally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Monday next.

The ingrossed Bill for repealing the Duties of Customs on Cochineal Dust and Granilla imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing the Duties of Custotns on Cochineal Dust and Granilla imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do cany the Bifl to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Vql. 60.

The House, according to Order, refolded itself into a Committee oa Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend t,‘ so much of an Act of the forty-third year of His present Ta« i« Majesty, for consolidating certain of the provisions of the Sc°d»a* Acts, relating to the Duties in Scotland under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes* is relates to the appointment of Assessors and Sub-col* leftors, and the Notices required to be delivered to per* tons assessed to the said Duties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

■ Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend* merits thereunto; which they had directed him to re* port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That, the Report be received upon Monday next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee oa Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for ap* pointing additional Commissioners for the better examin- Bill, ing and auditing certain of the Public Accounts of Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refnmed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had ‘'one through the B.II, and made several Amend-me.ns thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday next.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain sum of Confoiid«re4 Money out of the Consolida'ed Fund of Great Britain, ° * and for applying certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five; was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

R’fdved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon; the said Bill.

A Bill for charging an additional Duty on Spanifk defend— Red Wine imported into Ireland, was, according to Order, read a second time. ' commuted,

R solved, That the Bill be committed.

R solved. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Ormsby presented to the House, according to Trebn<i— Order, a Bill to continue several Acts, for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Customs and bTlC Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein: presented. And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be . read a second time upoq Monday next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the clock.

F und Bill, committed!

Luna, 1° die Juiii;

Anno 45* Georgii III'1'Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to enable the Company of Pro- oimtcHtet prietors of the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal, to p‘; vary and alter the Line of a certain part of the said Caml* 5 v

4*48

1 °?ulii.\

A. 1805.

Hutton’s

Ambo

and td fenabtetKe said Company to rarfea furthet* sum of Money, for carrying into execution the several Acts for making the said Canal; was read the third tithe.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal) to vary and alter the Line of a certain part of the said Canal; and to enable the said Company to raise a further sum of Money, for carrying into execution the several Acts for making the said. Canal.

Ordered, That Admiral Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom incioiu B'll Bill for confirming and establishing the Award and reported! [’ Decree made and passed on the division and inclosure of Lands in the Township of Hutton's Ambo, in the North Riding of the County of York; was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the . > Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with, according to the leave granted by the House on the 31ft day of May last; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, * be ingrossed.

Ireland—* . Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House Revenue Bill, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, deferred. Upon the Bill to provide for the better execution of the several Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue ef Customs and Excise; be now readAnd the fame being read;

• Befolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ireland— Orderedj That the Order of the Day, for taking into Cuiioms Re- further consideration the Report from the Committee of defcrrwL * * the whole House, to whom the Bill more effectually to regulate the Collection of the Duties on Goods, Wares,

* " and Merchandize, imported and exported into or fronft

Ireland, and the payment of Bounties, Allowances, and Drawbacks thereon, was committed; be now read:— A,nd the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tommorrow.

Ireland— Ordered, That the Amendment, made by the Lords

Amendn/ * Bill, intituled, An Act for collecting the Duties

to^?fo"lery On Spirituous Liquors diililled in Ireland, and regulating Bin, to be the Trade of a, Distiller, and the warehousing of such considered. Spirits for exportation} be taken into consideration Tomorrow.

Dublin Pav- Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into ing, &c. further consideration the Report from the Committee oft c-:zl]r whole House, to whom the Bill to provide for the deferred. appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities or Abuses which may have taken place in conducting and managing the paving, cleansing, anff lighting the Streets of Dublin; and to provide for the Suspension of the powers and authorities of the Corporation of Directors and Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets, and for veiling the fame in other persons during such Suspension; and for the better conducting and managing the business of the said Corporation; was re-committed, be now read And the same being read',- - 1 '

- , Ordered, That the said Report- be taken into further

coofideratiop. Tomorrow.

' -: * C

Ordered, That the Order of Ihe day, for the House to' Ireland-* resolve itself into a Cpminittee of the whole House, upon Commits the Bill for charging an additional Duty on Red wincBiR*1

Wine imported into Ireland\be now read :—And the fame being read; the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him" to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Comtmtt*o* Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill, ^"gium-s from the Lotdsi intituled, An Act to dissolve the Mar- ,vwce riage of William Lingham the younger, with Eliza Lingham his now wife, and" to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Baldrcin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

, Mr. Baldioin reported from the Committee, That they had heard counsel, and examined witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no counsel or party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

\ " '

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Moore'* dissolve the Marriage of John Moore with Barbara Bra-bazon his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned"; was* read' a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House..

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, resolve. itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they do hear counsel, and examine witnesses, for the said Bill; and also that they do hear counsel, and examine witnesses, against the said Bill; if the parties concerned think fit to be heard by counsel, or produce witnesses.

0

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Committee on Rill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to establish and confirm an Exchange made by and between the Rector Estate Bill, of the Parish Church of Wimbotne Saint. Giles and Alhal-lows, in the County of Dorset, and the Right honourable Anthony Ashley Earl of Shaftesbury, of part of his Glebe Lands, and other Lands held and enjoyed with the said Rectory, for other Lands there, the property of the said Earl, which are more conveniently situated for the said

Rest or and his Successors, is committed, have leave to fit, -and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Wednesday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for regulating the distilling e e of Spirits in England for exportation to Scotland, and., in Scotland for exportation to England, and for better securing the Duties payable thereon.; be now read:—

And the same being read;

Ordered, That the said Bill be lead the third time Tommorrow.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee#" Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend an Act, passed in the 4th year of His present Majesty,’ entitled to_ intituled, "An Act for preventing incOnveniencies arising " in cases of Merchants, and such other pei fons as are within the description of the Statutes relating to Bankrupts, being entitled to Privilege of Parliament and

" becoming

, 4a Geo. IIP 1 44P

"■ becoming infulvent, ami (o prevent delay in the enter-" ing Appearances in Actions brought agaiuit persons <c having Privilege of Parliament be now read :—And the fame being read;—The House relbJved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Baldichi took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. BaULvin reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Hill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be received Tommorrow.

jppointed to

jiipeJt Lords journals*

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to infpost the Lords Journal?, in relation to their Proceedings on the Reports of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, ami Hate, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom j and to report \vh;U they find therein to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to dran- up Articles (if Impeachment agaiuit Lord Viscount be the said Committee.

wn.» A Ordered, That the Order of the dav, for the third

Killfeainena ’ - * ,

Cm Act, reading of the mgrolled bill to explain and amend an Act, made in tlut lull Session of Parliament, to-regulate the importation and Exportation of Corn, and the bounties and Duties payable thereon; be now read:—And the fame being read ;—The said Hill was read the third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz...

Pr. 3. 1. 17. To leave out from " Rates," to " and, " in Pr. 4. 1. 12.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon.

Ordered, That Tx>rd Archibald Hamilton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The Lent* A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. hwiijreed Simeon:

10 Mr. Speaker,

Expiring The Ixmls have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act win i'b'iu' continuing several Laws relating to the regulating the S ' ‘ Pi ices at which Corn and Grain may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to (treat Britain; and to the afirtiiilion to entry of Oil and Blubber of Neiv.funutland, taken by IPs Majesty’s subjects

carrying on the Fishery from, and residing in, the said Itland, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six; and for reviving, amending, and continuing, for the lame term, an Act of the lull Session of Parliament, for permitting the importation of Hides and other Articles in Foreign Ships; without any Amend-

ment: And also,

Woollen The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

iron iini>0r' for repealing the Duly chargeable on Woollen Goods, of the manufacture of Great Britain, exported to the Indies';without any Amendment: And also,

WoollenMa- ' The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act •enioftBaf" to continue the operation of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to suspend Proceedings in Actions, Profee citions, and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and .-Mo under an Alt of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, f far a.' >ne fame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture; without any Amendment: And also, Wand—. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

'.mpematlcm ar>iend several Acts, passed in the Parliament of Ire-

toyaiiits. land, for appointing ConnnitTione.s to enquire into the Losses of inch of His Majesty’s loyal subjects as have suffered in their properly during the Rebellion in Ireland;

V OL. bo.

and for other purposes in the said Acts mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

I he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ireland— to regulate the Collodion of die Duties on Fire Hearths, on Duelling Houses according to the number of Win- witha.-i don s, on Coaches end other Carriages, on Male Servants, Amendment, on Horses, and on Dogs, in Ire’and; with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the com currence of this House: And also,

1 he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Ireland— provide more eiiectually for securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and on Paper planted UjiijVith an or flamed in Ireland, to serve for I Ringings or other ules; Amendment,

with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords deli re the concurrence of this House: And also. The Lords

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for have paflld vetting certain Estates, late belonging to, and devised by Sir J°'cph the will of Sir Jn/eph .1 laieheu, Baronet, deceased, in Bill

rrufees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies arising from the fa!e thereof, in the discharge of Incumbrances and Debts, and for lay ing oiU the Surplus in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same uses; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this ! Ioufe: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to con- Wr tiimc the Proceedings in the I Ioufe of Lords, touching the Fox’s Bill, conduct of Luke For, Esquire, one of the Judges of the Court of Common Pleas of that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, notu ithftanning any Prorogation or

Dissolution of Parliament; to which the Lords de^n: the concurrence of this House.

And then the MclTengers withdrew'.

An ingrafted Bill from the T.ords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates, late belonging to, and devised by the will of Sir Joseph Maicbe Baronet, deceased, in Trullees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies anting from the sale thereof, in the discharge of Incumbrances and Debts, and for laying out the Surplus in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same uses; was read the first tinm.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a feeond time.

Sir Joseph MawNey ’s Eiiute Bill, read.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy Copy of Navy of the Navy Board’s Letter to the Secretary of the Admiralty, dated 13th November 1802, in answer to the ordered. Letter from lie; Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Commissioners of t lie Navy, of the 19th October preceding, enclosing a Copy of their Lordships Minutes of the ibthof the fame month.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 5th p,;ots p,f<r,_ year of King George the Second, for the better regulation ln, ion B;‘‘> and government of Pilots licensefl l>y the Corporation of 01 ere Trinity House of Dent ford'Stroud, in the County of Kent, and to prevent mischiefs and annoyances upon the River of Thames below London Bridge; might be read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, for the better Regulation of Pilots and Pilotage of Vedels navigating the British Seas: And that Mr. Rafe, Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Andrew Snare diamond,

' and Sir Robert Preston, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Re Calved, That an humble Address be presented to His AtMref* for Majesty, that He will be graeiously plealed to give direc-tions, that there be laid before this House, Conies of any Pr? o*n civil" Reports that may have been laid before His Majesty by Aiftirs of the the Conimhlkmers appointed for regulating the Civil A flairs of tire Navy.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to ETis Majid v, by such Memb< rs of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Universiti^f reading of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, 3;^’°'*'^ An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in tie ninth ' P*' year of the reign of his late Majesty King the

Second, intituled, "An Act to rest rain the Disposition.

5 Y "of

450

1° Julii.

A. 1805.

" of Lands, whereby the fame become unalienable," as retrains Colleges within the two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, from purchasing or holding Advowsons, except as therein is provided; be now read:—And the fame being read ;—The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pa ft: And that the Title be. An Act to repeal lb much of an Act, passed in the ninth year of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to restrain the Disposition of " Lands, whereby the fame become unalienable," as retrains Colleges within the two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, from purchasing or holding Advowsons, except as therein is provided.

Ordered, That the Earl of do carry the Bill to

the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Motion for Add re 1's, re-lpe£iiitg the Claims of the Duke of Atholl.

A Mot ion was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty,' that He will be graciously pleased to appoint Commis-. Conors to enquire into the Claims and Allegations of the Duke o \' Atholl, relating to the Isle of Man, and to report

to His Majesty, upon a full consideration of all the circumllances of the transaction, what compensation, (if any) it may be proper to allow to his Grace, and to the Heirs of the seventh Earl of in consequence of

any detriment that they may have sustained by the sale of th<*said Island to the Crown;

Tfie House divided.

The Yeas w ent forth.

Tellers for the

Y Mr. Curu'cn, CaST Mr. Banlces:

Tellers for the So it passed in the Negative.

I. , V Sir William Burroughs, oe C Mr. St urges Bourne:

}2

]6r.

D»kecf Mr. Stanley, according to Order, reported from the

Atboil’s Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for set-reTrted Bl11’ (ling and securing a certain Annuity on John now Duke of Atholl, and such person or persons as would for ever hereafter, for the time being, have been Lord or Lords of the I lie of Man, if the fame had not been revelled in His Majesty by an Act passed in the fifth year of His reign, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the JJill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill he read the third time Tommorrow.

Further Mr. Dichinfon, junior, presented to the House, pur-

hiT'o stu^i" hiant to their Orders,

of War, Copy of a Letter from the Lords Commissioners of the

prdciued. Admiralty to the Navy Board, dated igth October 1802;

—with the Minute of Censure passed by their Lordships on the Board, upon their return from the Vi fit at ion of the Dock Yards in 1802: And also.

Copy of a Letter from Sir Evan Nepean to t he Navy Board, in reply to their Letter of the 15th November 1802: And also,

Copy of a Letter from the Navy Board to Sir Evan Nepean, dated 15th November 1S03; in reply to the Censure palft-d upon the Board by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty; with their Reply.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Papers he printed, for the M embers of the Ilouie.

The laid Papers are prefen'cd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Sugar I)-Mr. Iluflffanpresented to the House, according to °nl,‘r- a 131,1 to amtnd tH’° Acts, passed in the 43d°and

45th years of His present Majesty, for regulating the I

Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from' Great Britain :And the fame was received; and read the first time.

B( ftdied, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill he read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Hujkijfon presented to the House, according to Plate Ginii Order, a Bill for charging additional Duties on the Ini- Du,y B|H. portation of Foreign Plate Glass into Great Britain: And presentsi the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. IluJIciffonpresented to the House, according to Hop Duty

Order, a Bill for reducing the Duty of Excise on Hops, B,ll> the Growth of Great Britain: And the fame was re- pre4a ceived; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, L'nenOn* a Bill for increasing the Drawback on Linens exported p'^lcni^L from Great Britain to the West Indies: And the fame was received ;• and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To-morrow'.

Mr. Alexander presented to the I louse, according to Ireland— Order, a Bill to amend so much of an Act, for granting to H is Majesty several Sums of Money for defraying the presented. charge of certain permanent Services in Ireland, as relates to the Military Survey of Ireland: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander presented to the House, according to Ireland— Order, a Bill for exempting from the Duties on Profits arising from Property, the first half-yearly Dividends on prefcDte<L Annuities under an Act of the present Session for raising the sum of One million five hundred thousand pounds by way of Annuities, for the Service of Ireland, which shall not have been written into the books of the Bank of England: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to committal resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon J>i|ckilgm> the Bill to revive and continue an Act, made in the 31ft year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " encouragement of the Pilchard Fisherv, by allowing " a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and " exported," be now read :—And the fame being read;

—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Davies Giddy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Davies Giddy reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; w inch they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Bill relating

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend so much of an Act of the forty-third year of Scotland, His present Majesty, for consolidating' certain of the rep°sted-provisions of the Acts, relating to the Duties in Scotland, under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, as relates to the appointment of Aftef-10 fors

45 Geo. IIL

fors arid Sub-coIIeftors, and the Notices required to be delivered to persons aff’efled to the said Duties, was com-'initted; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to Teport to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterw ards delivered the Bid, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second lime, one by one; and, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

auditors of Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the iccount* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ap-'*!’re^rte ' pointingadditional Commissionersforthe better examining and auditing certain of the Public Accounts of Great Britain, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which" they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tabic: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then ■a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill he read the third time Tomorrow.

Hthem Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the vtuie Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for con-

wtetf111’ tinning the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery from Great Britain, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

itbibr- Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from or Bin, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill

’orttd' for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury of Great Britain, to advance a certain Sum of Money to the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, towards the completion of the Docks and other Works in the Harbour of was committed; the

Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and -which they had diverted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, w ere agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grolTed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

fustice An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to continue the Proceedings ini he House of Lords, touching the conduct of Luke Fox, F.squire, one of the Judges of the Court of Common Pleas of that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, notwithstanding any Prorogation or Dissolution of Parliament; was read the first time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

>rBring- The Order of the day being read, for the House to ^to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon id y the Bill for allowing, under certain restrictions, the bring-Mion, }ng a limited quantity of Coal, Culm, or Cinders, to London and Westminster, by Inland Navigation;

Resolved, That this House will, To-morrow', resolve itself into the said Committee.

You Go.

451

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for receiving TWnirian the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to w'hom the Bill to vest the TotimleianCollection of antient 1 ’ tene

Sculpture in the Trustees of the for the

use of the Public, was committed, be now read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, fir the third read- Militia offi-ing of the ingrossed Bill to empower His Majesty to cc^ja)’ retain, upon Full Pay and Allowances, Officers of the e ' Militia, during the War, notwithstanding the Reduction, be now read:—And the fame being read;—The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title he,

An Act to empower His Majesty to retain, upon Full Pay and Allowances, Officers of the Militia, during the War, notwithstanding the Reduction.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into Ireland— further consideration the Report from the Committee of Billi-fijK-cting the whole House, to w hom the Bill to amend and render a" JrTcd!'5’ more effectual an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 5th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for erecting and establishing Public Infirmaries or " Hospitals in this Kingdom," was committed, be now read :—And the Line being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third American reading of the ingrafted Bill to permit the Exportation "'p01 KxP°r* of Wool, from the British Plantations in America to the deferred^* United Kingdom; be now read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time upon Wednesday next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Palace Yard reading of the ingrafted Bill for purchasing certain Buildings and Ground in and near Palace Yard Westminster, ' p‘ie ' for the use of the Public, be now read :—And the fame being read;—The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he.

An Act for purchasing certain Buildings and Ground in and near Palace Yard Westminster, for the use of the Public.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. St urges- Bourne do make the Lewes Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for re- Church Bill, building the Parish Church of All Saints, in the Town of re-committed. leaves, in the County of Suffer, and for repairing the Tower thereof, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several of the Parishioners and Inhabitants, House-holders paying to Church and Poor, within the Parish of All Saints, in Leices, in the County of Suffer, was referred.

Mr. Sturges Bourne accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report w as Vead.

And the House being informed, that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be rc-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed, to the Committee to whom the fame was committed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Howth Har-reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting a certain sum of tour wit,

o o c o D&iied

Money towards improving the Harbour on the North

fide

rjidii

Con soli dated Fund Bill, deferred.

Ireland— Customs and Excise Collection Bill, committed.

Straw Platting Bill, deferred.

New Ross Writ.

Royal Assent to Bills.

45 2

r

O'

1 •

J illil»

A. 1805,

Tide of the Hill of Itoielh, near and rendering it a

fit situation for His Majesty’s Packets, he now read :— And the same being read;—The said Bill was read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting a certain sum of Money towards improving the Harbour on the North fide of the Hill of Jloiofli, near Dublin, and rendering it a fit situation for His Majesty’s Packets.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the Hotlfe to re-solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five, he now read :—And the fame being read;

Befolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill to continue several Acts, for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, be now read:—And the fame being read;—The said Bill was read a second time.

Befohed, That the Bill be committed.

Befolved, That the Bill be Committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Befohed, That, this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the 13:11 for charging additional Duties of Customs on Straw Platting, and on Straw Hats or Bonnets imported into Great Britain, was committed, be now read :—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tommorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Martis, die;

Anno 450 Georgii III111 Regis, i 805.

Prayer s.

flRDERED, That Mr. Speaker doiflue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown in Ireland, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of New Ross, in the County of Wexford, in the room of Charles Tottenham,

Eftjuire, who, lime his Election for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of 11 is Majesty’s Three Chiitern Hundreds of Stoke, and

nenham, in the County of Buckingham.

A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ufiier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, aphorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts •agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of 11 is Majesty’s Corn-million afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving,

declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and allb empowering His Royal 1 lighness lite Prince of Unites, their Royal 1 lighnHies thcDukeof York, the Duke of Clarence,

the Duke of Kent, the Duke of Cumberland, the Duke of Suffer, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of the Lord ArchDiihop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord II igh Chancellor, the Lord and the Lord Ellenborough, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followed!; viz.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, for the support of the honour and dignity of His Majesty’s Crown in Ireland, and for granting to His Majesty a Civil List Establishment, under certain provisions and regulations:

An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the forty-fccoud year of I Iis present Majesty’s reign, for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts, passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax, into one Act:

An Act to indemnify all Persons concerned in advancing Forty thousand Pounds to Messrs. Boyd, Bevfield, and Company, in one thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, out of Monies iflV.cd for Naval Services:

An Act to amend several Acts, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for appointing Commissioners to en-cjuire into the Losses of facti of His Majesty’s loyal Subjects as have fullered in their property during the Rebellion in Ireland, and for other purposes in the said Acts mentioned:

An Act for continuing several Ianvs relating to the regulating the prices at which Corn and Grain may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain-, and to the admission to entry of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland, taken by His Majesty’s Subjects carrying on the Fishery from, and residing in the said Island, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six; and for reviving, amending, and continuing, for the fame term, an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for permitting the Importation of Hides and other articles in Foreign Ships:

An Act to amend an Act, made in the thirty-first year of His present Majesty, for the better regulation and government of Seamen employed in the Coalling Trade: An Act for repealing the Duly chargeable on Woollen Goods, of the manufacture of Great Britain, exported to the Raft Indies:

An Act to continue the operation of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to fulpeud Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutiom, and Proceedings, under certain Acts, relating to the Woollen Manuiafture, and also under an Act of the reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the fame relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture:

An Act for making more effectual the gracious intentions of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the augmentation of the maintenance of the poor Clergy, so far as relates to the returns of Certificates into the Exchequer, and Gifts of personal property:

An Act for authorizing the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury inG 'rent Britain to advance a certain Sum of Nloney, to be applied in completing the Canal:

An Act for paving, and otherwise improving, the Streets and other places in the Townfltip of Scarbrough, in the North Riding of the County of York; and for licensing Hackney Coaches, and establishing other regulations in the said Township:

An Act to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers of two Acts, passed in the first and twenty-second years of His present Majest y, for repairing the Road leading from Whitecross, in the Pari/Ii of Ilolderness, in the East Riding of the County of i ork, to the Town of Bcverlcu, in the said County:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Leek, in the County of Stafford:

An Act for incioiing Lands in the Parish of in-Arden, in the County of Warwick:

45 Geo. III.

An Act for inclosing Lands, in the Parish of Chearjlcy, in the County of Buckingham.

•ney's Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom ted and ^ie higrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to £ ,a enable the Trustees therein named to erect and build a new Bridge over the River , on the North-west side of the Manor of Bath Wick, in the County of to communicate with the Parish of and the Road from the City of Bath to; and also to raise a

sufficient sum of Money for that purpose, by a charge on the Trust Estates of the late General was

committed; That the Committeehad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the Fatisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Bejidved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the lx>rds; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

ird, &c. Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom oi'nre Bill, thd Bill for inclosing Lands in the Tythings of,

irted‘ Eifield, Coombe, Longstreet, and East in the

Parish of Enford, in the County of Wilts, was com1 mitted; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

tnitian Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the ec, wn ei Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to veil ,tefort ' the Townleian Collection of antient Sculpture in the Trustees of the British Mufcinn, for the use of the Public, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the I louse; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

-ordj A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr freed Simeon:

Mr. Speaker,

&c. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ige Bill. for draining and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs, within the Parishes, Townships, and Places of Selby, Brayton, Thorp Willoughby, Hamble ton, Wiftow, Scalm Park, Caxvood, Sherburn, Lennerton,;

South Milforth, and Barkfion Ash, in the West Riding of the County of York-, without any Amendment: And also,

Jj"re The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act 1 ’ for amending an Act* passed in the 32d year of His

453

present Majesty, for repairing or rebuilding the Pier adjoining to the Harbour of Broadstairs, in the of Thavet; in the County of Kent; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sheffield, for making and keeping in repair; a Carriage Road, to branch out of the Sheffield and Peniston Turnpike Road in the Township of Wadjleyi in the Weft. Riding of the County of York, to join the Doncaster and Salter's Brook Turnpike Road in the Township of in the said

West Riding; without ahy Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Anderby, in the Inclosure Bftl -County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And hlfo.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Curates Red* for encouraging the Residence of Stipendiary Curates on their Cures; with some Amendments; to which Amend- Tr>.nT;, ments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom Cherry Orton -the Bill for inclosing Lands lying in the Parishes of inclosirelton Cherry Orton, otherwise Overton Watervile, and Alwalton, Bill, reported, in the County of Huntingdon; was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Duke of reading of the ingrafted Bill for settling and securing a Atholl’* certain Annuity on John now Duke of and such faffed 1

person or persons as would for ever hereafter, for the time being, have been Lord or Lords of the Isle of Man, if the fame had not been revelled in His Majesty, by an Act passed in the fifth year of His reign; be now read:—

And the same being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be now read the third time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

- Yea-S 4a.

Teller, for the Noes, {2" £ig?*'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. I.31. To leave out " thirtieth" and insert " twelfth " instead thereof.

1. 32. To leave out " December " and insert " November " instead thereof

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 4. 1. 28. by leaving out the words * the 5th " day of January 1805," and inferring the words " and " after the death of the Dutchess Dowager of Atholl" instead thereof

And the Question being put. That the words proposed to be left out Hand part of the Bill;—It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on John now Duke of Atholl)and the Heirs General of the seventh Earl of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Whitbread presented to the House, according to witnesse*

Order; a Bill to indemnify all Persons, who ft all give tMwnmty

5 Z Evidence Fcfa/t*d.

2° Jutiu

A. 1805

Papers re-

spetting Ship! under Quarantine,

presented.

Quarantine Indemnity Bitt, ordered.

Lord* Amendments to Bill respectine Criminal Laws, agreed to.

Evidence against Henry Lord Vif< mnt Melville, upon the Impeachment voted against him by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, in respect of any act done by such Persons, in any Office or Employment held by them under the said I.ord Viscount Melville, during the time lie held and enjoyed the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Ref deal, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty’s

' command,

Extract from Council Minutes of ift December 1804, respecting Ships under Quarantine: And also,

Letter to Customs, signifying that the Ships Rebecca and Susanvah and Sally, from Leghorn, should, notwith-

standing their being furniflied with Clean Bills of health, be treated as Ships with Foul Bills of health.

And the Titles were read :—And the said Papers were also read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify all Persons, who have been concerned in ilfuing an Order of Council and directions for extending the time of certain Ships continuing to perform Quarantine: And that Mr. Rose, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Hujhfim, and Mr. Alexander, do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

The House proceeded to take into confederation, the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend two Acts, of the thirteenth and forty-fourth years of His present Majesty, for the more effectual execution of the Criminal Laws, and more easy apprehending and bringing to Trial, Offenders efeaping from one part of the United Kingdom to the other, and from one County to another.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 38. I cave out " and " and iufert " or."

Pr. 4. 1. 8. Leave out " do" and insert " may

" proceed."

Pr. 5. 1. 7- After " Enacted " insert "that."

Pr. 6. 1. 31. Leave out " and Seal."

1. 32. In the interlineation leave out " Judge" and insert "Judges."

1. 7. In Clause (A.) leave out "under" and insert " in obedience to " and in the fame line, after " Subpoena" insert " or other Process."

1. 16. In the fame Clause, after " Subpoena" insert " or other Process."

1. 4. In Clause (B.) after " of " insert " either of."

1. 8. In the fame Clause, after " found " insert " or Information filed."

1. 13.. In Clause (C.) leave out from " that" to " the " in line 17.

1*1'. 7. At the end of Clause (C.) insert Clause

(A.)

Clause (A). " Provided always, and be it Enacted,

" That nothing in this Act contained, shall, with respect to any *« Prosecution depending before the " passing of this Act, be deemed or taken by any Court, to alter or " affect, in any manner, the construction of the said Act of the " forty-fourth year of His Majesty’s " reign, if any Question should arise " whether such Prosecution be authorized by the true intent and " meaning of the said Act."

The said Amendments being fere rally read a second time; were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to determined by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Petition of the Right Honourable Charles Francis Petition of Greville, was presented to the House, and read; taking Mr.Greviiit, notice of the Bill for continuing the Premiums allowed to s^mhem2 Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery from Whale Great Britain-, and setting forth. That the Petitioner rut*er7 has expended considerable Sums in providing Quays and accommodation for the Southern Whale Fishery at Milford; and that great injury to himself and to Persons invited to come to Milford Haven, by the 35th and 38th of His present Majesty, will be occasioned by the partial continuance of tly said Acts: And then fore praying for such redress, as to the lloiifc shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. V

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into Ireland-further consideration, the Report from the Committee of rT"]:"lithe whole House, to whom the Bill to amend and render infirmarW* more effectual an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, farther wain the 5th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for erecting and establishing Public Infirmaries or " Hospitals in this Kingdom," was committed; be now read:—And the fame being read;—The House proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration :—And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time . Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House Ireland— to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to provide for the better execution of the several Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise, be now read:—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Ol der of the day, for taking into inland- ’ further consideration, the Report from the Committee Cu1!^ns of the whole House, to whom the Bill more effectually ^j^}. ’ to regulate the collection of the Duties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported and exported into or from Ireland, and the Payment of Bounties, Allowances, and Drawbacks thereon, was committed; be now read:—1 And the same being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into

consideration, the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for collecting the Duties on Spi- Amendment rituous Liquors distilled in Ireland, and regulating the gy{^,ut*3j trade of a Distiller ;• and the warehousing of such Spirits for three for exportation; be now read :—And the fame being month*, read;—The House proceeded to take the said Amendment into consideration.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz. _ >t

Pr. 97. L 1. To leave out from " notwithstanding, to " And," in Pr. 98. 1. 5.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That the further consideration of the said Amendment, be adjourned till this day three months.

J Ireland—

The House proceeded to take into consideration, the Al^)1(jmfnt

Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, t?paper

An Act to provide more effectually for securing the Col- w

lection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and on forthree , Paper months.

m

45 Geo. III. 2">/5. 45o

Paper printed or stained in I to serve for Hangings or other uses.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followed^ viz. 1

Pr. 48. 1. 39. To leave ont from " notwithstanding,"

" to " And," in Pr. 49. 1. 33. Ordered, Nemine Con/radicenfe, That the further consideration of the said Amendment, be adjourned till this day three months.

land— The House proceeded to take into consideration, the ords Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

f«rth'nt An Act to regulate the Collection of the Duties on Fire ies, &c: Hearths, on Dwelling Houses according to the number

ufoff of Windows, on Coaches and other Carriages, on Male thrfe Servants, on Horses, and on Dogs, in Ireland. iths. And the said Amendment was read; and is as follow-

ed; viz.

Pr. 42. 1. 2,)To leave out from " notwithstanding," & 3.) to " And," in Pr. 43. 1. 5,

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That the further consideration of the said Amendment, be adjourned till this day three months.

ubim The Order of the day being read, for taking into further r oVfor a consideration, the Report from the Committee of the mtb. whole Ilonfe, to whom the Bill for the more effectual adminifn ation of the office of a Justice of the Peace, and for the more effectual prevention of Felonies, within the District of Dublin Metropolis, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon this day month.

, rton The House, according to Order, proceeded to take iuHin Pav- into further consideration, the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prov ide for the appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into further con- any Irregularities or Abuses which may have taken place wkred. in conducting and managing the paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin, and to provide for the Suf-pension of the Powers and Authorities of the Corporation of Directors and Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets, and for veiling the fame in Other persons during such Sufpcnsion; and for the better / conducting and managing the business of the said Corporation, was re-committed :—And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossied.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To -morrow.

®ierjr Bill, Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third

reading of the ingrossed Bill for regulating the distilling of Spirits in England for exportation to Scotland, and in Scotland, for exportation to England, and for better fe-• curing the Duties payable thereon; be now read :—And the fame being read ;—The said Bill was read the third time.

The Amendments following, were severally preposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. I.15. To leave out "five," and iufert "three," inllead thereof.

Pr. 16. I. 25. After " name," to insert " himself or * " herself."

1. 25. ^After " twenty shillings," to insert t & 26.3 " and the Sureties in the Bond jointly

" and severally in the Penalty of Five " Shillings."

1. 37. To leave out from " this," to the end of Pr. 17. 1.6. and insert Act," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill w as amended at the Table accordingly.

Voi.. 60.

Re/olted, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for better regulating the distilling of Spirits in England for exportation to Scotland, and in Scotland, for exportation to England; for the better securing the Duties payable thereon; and for altering the time of making Entry and granting Licences to distil Spirits for Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, Pilots Regn* a Bill for the better regulation of Pilots and Pilotage of Vessels navigating the Rrilijk Seas: And the fame was

received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House Committee ofl to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, coaUto5* upon the Bill for allowing, under certain restrictious, the London by bringing a limited quantity of Coal, Culm, or Cinders, NInl.anJ. to London and Westminster, by Inland Navigation; be now read :—And the fame being read;—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-jnents thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House wall please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

A Petition of Francis Chalmer, late of Liverpool, but Petition now of Ixmdon, Corn Merchant, was presented to the

House, and read; complaining of certain Grievances °rn " occasioned by the Corn Laws: And praying the House to take such measures thereupon, as to them thall feertl meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- Leith Har* ing of the ingrossed Bill for enabling the Commissioners boJ£.®iU*' of the Treasuiy of GrcatBrit'ain, to advance a certain sum pa of Money to the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, towards the completion of the Docks and other Works ip. the Harbour of Itith; be now read: And the same being read;—The said Bill was read the third time. r

Refohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury of Great Britain, to advance a certain sum of Money to the Lord Provost, Mughirates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, towards the completion of the Docks anct other Works in the Harbour of Leith.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Dundas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Baldwin, according to Order, reported from the Bjnrerpeaing

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Bankrupts amend, an Act, passed in the 4th year of His present p^'etJof Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing Inconve- Parsi'ament,

" niencies arising in cases of Merchants, and such other re[,orted-" persons as are within the descriptron of the Statutes " relating to Bankrupts, being entitled to Privilege 0/

" Parliament and becoming insolvent, and to prevent " delay in the entering Appearances in Actions broughj " against persons having Privilege of Parliament," was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed hjm to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with thy Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where thy Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question. severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the Hqufe.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; that Actions shall be discontinued in case of non-appearance.

And

456

2° Ju

A. 1805.

, And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill. J

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be. read the third time To -morrow.

solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear counsel, and examine *vit-nesses, for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear counsel, and examine witnesses, against the said Bill; if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by counsel, or produce witnesses.

Earl Camden's Estate Bill, reported, and passed.

Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming certain Building Leases granted by the Right honourable Charles Earl Camden, deceased, and the Prebendary of the Prebend of in the Cathedral

Church of Saint Paid in London, and by the Right honourable John Jeffreys, now Earl Camden, and the said Prebendary; and for enabling the said John Jeffreys Earl Camden and others, with the consent of the Prebendary, to grant similar Leases in future of the Prebendat Lands of Kentish Town, in the County of Middlesex;

and for rectifying a mistake in the present Earl’s Marriage Settlement, relating to those Lands; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table :—And the said Bill was read ,the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldivin do carry the Bill to the JLords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act IJngWj to dissolve the Marriage of William Li ugh am the younger, Bill,

with Eliza IJngham his now wife, and to enable him

patied;

p*

to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned, was read the third time.

Refhhed, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this I louse hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

IncioirtrrBil

pallid.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming and efiabli.'bing the Hutton’s Award and Decree made and passed on the division. and AmU* inclosure of Lands in the Township of A mho, in

the North Riding of the County of York, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for confirming and estab Jibing the Award and Decree made and passed on the division and inclosure of Lands in the Towniliip of Hutton's Ambo, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Fund'Bill.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House, ConfoJMated resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and live; be now read:—And the fame being read;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-

Is'.struction.

mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lwsnfs for veiling part of the settled Estates of Sir John ^m^uc<L

Baronet, in Tru flees, to be sold, with the approbation of the High Court of Chancery, and for applying part of the Put-chafe Monies in paying off Incumbrances on such Estates, and in reimbursing to him the Stuns required by the Commissioners acting in the execution of several Acts for inclosing and draining such Estates, and for laying out the reftdue of the Purchase Monies in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former uses, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldwin,

Mr. Wilbrrforce,&.e.: And they are to meet this After-

noon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have leave to fit, Committeet* and proceed upon the said Bill, upon Thursday next. Ct on Tuurt*

-V,

a,

N-

F:'-r

Iv-v.

dis.

LewesChurch Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom

"-committed the Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of All Saints, i reported. in the Town of Lewes, in the County of Suffer, and for repairing the Tower thereof, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroll'cd.

Cardner’s Divorce Bill, committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Honourable Alan Hyde Gardner with Maria Elizabeth Adder ley, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

* A\ifolV\d\ Vriat the Bill be comm‘tted to a Committee of the whole House.

- Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, rc-

A Motion being made, That the Report which, upon Report of the 24th day of June lall, was made from the Committee, Camberwell, to whom the Bill for supplying the Inhabitants of the waterworks Parish of Saint Giles Camberwell, and parts of the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, and several other Parishes and cor‘li 1 Places in the Counties o f Surrey and Kent, with Water, was re-committed, and which was then ordered to lie upon the Table, be now taken into further consideration;

And the House being informed, that printed Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, were delivered at the door, to the Members of this House, upon Thursday last, pursuant to the Standing Order of the House of the 7th day of Ma}r 1794;

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further consideration:—The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration :—And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; for declaring the Act Public.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill; with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

An

■’Atj

45 Geo. Ill;

Dublin , An ingrossed Bill to repeal several Arts; passed in the Biker* Bill, Parliament of Ireland, for regulating the Baking Trade in the City and County of Dublin, and Liberties thereof, and for better regulating the said Trade; and for preventing Frauds in the buying and selling of Corn; was fread the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to repeal several Arts, palfed in the Parliament of Ireland, for regulating the Baking Trade in the City and County of Dublin, and Liberties thereof, and for better regulating the said Trade; and for preventing Frauds in the buying and selling of Corn.

Ordered, That Mr. John La louche do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

pilchard Mr. Davies Giddy, according to Cirder, reported from fishery Bill, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to report^. revive and continue an Art, made in the 31ft year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encourage* " ment of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing a further * Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and exported," was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fe-VCrally put thereupon, one of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the Hoitfe: And an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the B.ll, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to fiillrespecting continue, for a time to be limited, and to amend several fe'&IaM,*’ Arts for regulating the Collection of the Duties in wimi, land on Fire Hearths, on Duelling Houses, on Coaches and other Carriages, on Male Servants, on Horfos, and on Dogs: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Nicholas fit art, and Mr. Ormsby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ireland— Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to cont'nue» for a time to be limited, and amend several wixnH' Acts for regulating and feeuring the Collection of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors diliilled in Ireland, and the warehousing of such Spirits for Exportation: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Nicholas and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ireland— Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill, to Dutk»«?,n^ continue for a time to be limited, and amend several Paper, Acts for regulating and feeuring the Collection of the wdered. Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and on Paper printed or stained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings or other uses: And that Mr. Alexander, Mr. Nicholas Vansittart, and Mr. Ormsby, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sogar Draw. Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second "omitted reading of the Bill to amend two Arts, pafl'ed in the 43d and 45th years of His present Majesty, for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain; be now read:—And the fame being

read;—The said Bill w as read a second time.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Befolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Gi.tfj Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second •wLtted reading of the Bill for charging additional Duties on the Importation of Foreign Plate Glass into Great Britain-, be now read :—And the fame being read;—The said Bill was read a second time.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed.

Vol. fro.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committed of the whole House.

Befolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; upon the said Bill.

• . * t / ,

Ordered, That the Order of (he day, for the second

reading of the Bill for. reducing the Duty of Excise on Hops, the growth of 'Great Britain; be now read And the same being read;—The said Bill was read a second time.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed.

_ Befolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Befolved, That this House will, To-moirow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for mcreasing the Drawback on Linens exported from Great Britain to the Weft; be now’ feud:—And the fame being read;—The said Bill was read a second time.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed.

.Befolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole. House.

Befolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second’ reading of the Bill to amend so much of an Act for granting to His Majesty several sums of Money for defraying the Charge, of certain permanent Service* in Ireland, as relates to the Military Survey of Ireland; be now* road :—And the fame being read;—The said Bill was read a fecord [’.me.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed.

Bfolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of the whole Home.

Befolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said BilL

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second reading of the Bill for exempting from the Duties oil Profits arising from Property, the first half-yearly Dividends on Annuities under an Art of the present Section for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities, for the Service of Ireland, which shall not have been written ipto the books of the Batik of England; be now read:—And the fame being read;—The laid Bill was read a second time.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Befolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee Of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Alexander presented to the House, according td Order, a Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, and amend several Arts for regulating and feeuring the Col-lertion of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and oil Paper printed or stained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings or other uses:—And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second timfe.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

Mr. Alexander presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, and amend several Arts for regulating the Collection of the Duties in Ireland on Fire Hearths, on Dwelling Houses, on Coaches and other Carriages, on Male Servants, on Horses, and on Dogs: And the fame w as received; and read the first time.

Befolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tomorrow.

6 A Mr.

Hop Duty

Bill,

committed.

Linen Draw back Bill, committed.

Ireland— Military Survey Bill, committed.

Ireland— Bill respecting Loan Act, committed#

Ireland— Bill respecting Duties on Paper, presented.

Ireland— Bill respecting Fire Hearths, See. Duties, presented.

2°—8"

ireUnd—; Mr. Alexander presented to the House, according to r>iftiH^sing 9rder» a Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, and presented’. amend several Acts for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors distilled in Irelan.r and the warehousing of such Spirits for Exportation :—And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Re faked. That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time Tommorrow.

Quarantine Indemnity Bill,

presented.

Iceland— Spanish Red Wine Bill, reported.

Bill relating to Assessed Taxes in Scotland,

deferred.

Auditors of Accounts Bill, passed.

Southern While Fishery BiH* deferred.

Mr, Justice Fox’s Bill> committed.

Mr. Alexander presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in issuing an Order of Council and directions for extending the time of certain Ships continuing to perform Quarantine :—And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a second time To-morrotv.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery from Great Briwas committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to continue the Proceedings in the House of Lords touching the conduct of Luke Fox, Esquire, one of the Judges of the Court of Common Pleas of that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, notwithstanding any Prorogation or Diffolntion of Parliament; was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve

A. 1801

itself into a COmrtnttee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to re-folvo itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Acts for the better collection and security of the Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ireland

Customs and Excise Col. le&ion Bill, deferred.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for charging an additional Duty on Red Wine imported into Ireland, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a fecoud time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the straw Phtt'm. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Bill, repotted charging additional Duties of Customs on Straw Platting, and on Straw Hats or Bonnets imported into Great Britain, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; ami, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Oi'dered,- That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

•--B

fclSJtti

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow

Morning, Ten of the clock.

LiO-

Mercuriiy3° die;

Anno 45° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1805.

The Order of the day being read, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill to amend so much of an Act of the forty-third year of His present Majesty, for consolidating certain of the provisions of the Acts relating to the Duties in Scotland, under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, as relates to the appointment of Assessors and Sub-collectors, and the Notices required to be delivered to Persons afiefled to the said Duties;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

A

Prayers.

N ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands lying in the cherryOhas Parishes of Cherry Orton, otherwise Overton Water- and Ah»alt«

vile, and Aiwa [ton, in the County of Huntingdon, was

-ft

v-rs

V/-

read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing Lands lying in the Parishes of Cherry Orton, otherwise Overton Watervile, and Alzvalton, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to th* Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The ingrossed Bill for appointing additional Commissioners for the better examining and auditing certain of the Public Accounts of Great Britain, was, according to Order, read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for appointing additional Commissioners for the better examining and auditing certain of the Public Accounts of Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing Lands in the Tythings Enfold, *c. of Enford, Fifeld, Coombc, Longxtreet, and tod^ureBiH>

bury, in the Parish of Enford, in the County of Wilts, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tythings of,

Fifeld, Coombe, Longstreet, and East in the

Parish of Enford, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for rebuilding the Parish Church of

All Saints, in the Town of Lewe, in the County of Sjjfatf* ' Suffer, and for repairing the Tower thereof, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of All Saints, in the Town of Lewes, in the County of and for

repairing the To'.ver thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Mr. Afldey reported from the Committee, to whom the Earl of

ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to efta- shjfte^"l7*

"-j ...... ‘ *■* EstateFiU.

blish and confirm an Exchange made by and between reported, and the Rector of the Parish Church of Wimbome Saint Giles P*l7"eJ-

S;*

and Alhalloivs, in the County and the Right

honourable Anthony AshleyPari of aftefburu, of part of his Glebe Lands, and other Lands held and enjoyed with the said RcMory, for other Lands there, the property of the said Earl, which are more conveniently situated for 13 the

45 Gko. III. 3° Julii. 459

the said Refitor and his Successors, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the futisfaClion of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table r—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dO pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ashley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords; intituled, An Act S for settling and securing certain parts bF the Lands of Redcloak and Findlayflon, lying in the Parish of

and County of Kincardine, upon and to, and in favour of, Robert Barclcti) Altardice, of Uric, Esquire, and the fame

series of Heirs, and under the fame conditions and limitations as are mentioned and contained in a Deed of Entail made by Robert Barclay^ of Urie, deceased; and for vesting in the said Bobert Barclay Allardice, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, certain parts of the Barony of Urie, lying in the said County of Kincarditic, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Cle-phane, the Lord Binning, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber, inttee Ordered, That the said Committee have leave to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill, Tommorrow.

ion from A Petition of the Noblemen, Gentlemen, Clergy, and iieTeiuh Freeholders of the County of , was presented to the on House, and read; setting forth, That the Proceedings of i En- the House, in consequence of the detection of the flagrant u abuses in the Expenditure of the Public Money, winch have been brought to light by the Commissioners for Naval Enquiry, have fijled the minds of the Petitioners with the warmed gratitude; and that the Petitioners rely, with confidence, on the continued and persevering exertions of the House, for the further detection and punishment of offences of so dangerous a nature; but at the same time feel it to be a duty which they owe to themselves, and to their posterity, to express to their Representatives, the natural and constitutional guardians of the purse of the People, their just sentiments of indignation, and their earned duplications for full and ample redress; and that the Petitioners respectfully represent to the House, the great and increasvng neeeffily for its rigid and vigilant attention to the due application of Public Money, to the Services to which it shall be appropriated by the wisdom of Parliament; the practices which have of late prevailed tending nianifellly not only to the encouragement of fraud and peculation, but to the fub-veriion of the fundamental principles of the Conditution: And therefore praying the House, to persevere in the enquiries so happily begun; b bring all Delinquents to condign and exemplary punishment; to exert the ancient and indubitable privilege of the House, of watching and controlling the exercise of every branch of the Royal Prerogative; for the exelufion from His Majesty’s Councils of every person w ho has committed, countenanced, or favoured the abuses and evil practices so judly complained of; and toeflabli/h in every department that wife, liberal, and comprehensive fyfiem of economy, which the exigencies of the times, and the circumstances of the arduous con tell in which the Country isengaged, require, and which is due equally to the intereds ami to the feelings of a People, who have submitted, with exemplary fortitude, to unparallelled sacrifices and burthens.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

tinj "Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third * reading of the ingrossed Bill to amend an Act, passed in if the 4th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "• An Act > " for preventing inconveniencies arising in cases of Mer-

" chants, and such other Persons as are within the de-" feription of the Statutes relating to Bankrupts, being u entitled to Privilege of Parliament and becoming in-" solvent, and to prevent delay in the entering Appear-VOL. 6o.

I f

" ahees in Actions brought against Persons having Privi " lege of Parliament be now read;—And the fame being read;—The said Bill was read the third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. ii. 1. 34. To leave out from " made," to the end of the Bill.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the fourth year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing in-" conveniencies arising in cases of Merchants, and such w other Persons as are within the description of the Sta-" tutes relating to Bankrupts, being entitled to Privilege " of Parliament and becoming insolvent; and to prevent " delay in the entering Appearances in Actions brought " against Persons having Privilege of Parliament."

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Be do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House, according to-Order, resolved itself, into a Committeeea Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for en-aiding His Majesty to grant a certain Creek called Chel-Jbn Bay, in or near the Parilji of Saint Mary

in the County of Devon, and for veiling the fame, for a valuable consideration, in the Right honourable John Lord Boringdon, and his heirs.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bajtard took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Bastard reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to ref-port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day for the third read- Dublin Paring of the ingrossed Bill to provide for the appointing

D , ri rr T ® missioners

Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irre- bbi, pwfed. gularities or Abuses which may have taken place in conducting and managing the paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dubliti; and to provide for the Suspension of the powers and authorities of the Corporation of Directors and Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets, and for veiling the fame in other Persons during such Suspension; and for the better conducting and managing the business of the said Corporation; be now read:—And the fame being read;—The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to appoint Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities or Abuses which may have taken place in conducting and managing the paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin; and to provide for the Suspension of the powers and authorities of the Corporation of Directors and Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets, and for veiling the fame in other persons during such Suspension; and. for the better conducting and managing the business of the said Corporation.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Ireland— reading of the ingrossed Bill for charging an additional wuJeBin*4 Duty on Spanijk Red Wine imported into Ireland, be passed. ’ now read :—And the fame being read ;—The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for charging, until the 25th day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, r.n additional Duty on Spanish Red Wine imported into Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second Ireland— reading of the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, and amend several Acts for regulating and securing the Paper, Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and on ewnmmed.

Paper

460

3* Juiiu

A. 1805.

iPaper printed of stained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings or other uses; be now read:—And the fame being read ;—The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second FircHearthsf reading of the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, tec. Duties, and amend several Acts for regulating the Collection committed. Qf Duties in Ireland, on Fire Hearths, on Dwelling Houses, on Coaches and other Carriages, on Male Servants, on Horses, and on Dogs; be now read:— And the same being read;—The said Bill was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refobed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second KftiUeryf*1* r^ing of the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, committed, and amend several Acts for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors distilled in Ireland, and the warehousing of such Spirits for Exportation; be now read:—And the fame being read;—The said Bill was read a second time.

Refobed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ireland— Ordered That the Order of the day, for the House

Notary*°n *° re^ve >tfdf into a Committee of the whole House, Survey Bill, upon the Bill to amend so much of an Act, for granting to His Majesty several sums of Money for defraying the charge of certain permanent Services in Ireland, as relates to the Military Survey of Ireland j be now read:— And the same being read;—The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ireland— Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to BuTrespecting re^ve i^df into a Committee of the whole House, upon Loan Aa. * the Bill for exempting from the Duties on Profits arising from Property, the first half-yearly Dividends on Annuities under an Act of the present Session, for raifrng the sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities, for the Service of Ireland, which shall not have been written into the Books of the Bank of England; be now read;—And the fame being readThe House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

It (port from

Committee

respe#ing

Auditions

to British

Muiciim.

Mr. Bankes reported from the Committee, to whom so much of the Report which, upon the 19th day of June last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees of the British was referred.

is referred, as relates tb the Additions now making to the Brilijli Museum, intended for the reception of the Egyptian and other Antiquities, and to report their observa-* tions thereupon to the House; That the Committee had considered the matter to them referred, and had directed him to make a Report thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his place; attd afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; vit:

Your Committee having examined the present state of the new Building, and considering the propriety of providing a suitable place for the reception of Mr. Tottfnley'i Collection of Antique Sculpture, as soon as possible,~ib as not to lose the present feaforu have endeavoured to accommodate the Plan, already proceeded in, to that purpose, rather than to adopt any plan entirely new:—

Your Committee have therelore determined; that an Enlargement is necessary in the connecting Galleries and the two Tribunes; and they have taken upon themselves to recommend that alteration; though they are sorry to find it will be attended with some additional Expence; a rough calculation of which is contained in the Evidence of the Architect. On the other hand, they have re^ trenched somewhat from the expence of another part of the intended Building, which it appeared to them might be omitted without disadvantage.

George Sanders, Esquire, called in, and examined.—

What will be the increased expence of widening the Galleries, and the two Tribunes, to contain Statues as proposed ? I think it will amount to about .£. 2,500.; to which must be added the expence of the Foundation of that part of the Building which is to be altered.—What will be the saving in omitting the blank Colonade ? That has been considered in the foregoing Estimate, and allowed for, amounting to £. 700.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Returns to an Order of the House, Rttunurf of the 14 th day of May last, " That there be laid before " this House, an Account of the Monies presented to be to b« printed. " raised by Grand Juries in the different Counties, Coun-" ties of Cities, and Counties of Towns, in Ireland,

" from ill January 1775 to iff. January 1805; distin-" guishing the Amount so presented at each Assizes " respectively within each year, and distinguishing the " Sums raised for Roads and for Militia, from those raised " for other purposes;" be printed, for the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the several Papers relating to Ships of P*pen rel»t* War, which were presented to the House upon the 7th wt# and 28th days of June last, by Mr. Dickinson, junior, printed! and by Mr. Alexander, be printed, for the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies Fartb^ll(. of all Directions from the^dmiralty to the Navy Board, ships for the Repair of His Majesty’s Ships, between lftOCto- of vv>r, ber 1801 and March 1803. ontaw-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Directions from the Admiralty to the Navy Board, on the subject of working the Shipwrights, between the ill October 1S01 and April 1803.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of any Directions given by the Admiralty to the Navy Board, between ift March 1783 and 31ft December 1786, on the subject of working the Shipwrights.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Statement shewing the time and extra worked by the Shipwrights in His Majesty’s Yards, in each year, from ift March 1783 to 31ft December 1786; together with a Statement, from each of the Dock Yards, ftiewing the number of Shipwrights and Apprentices, for one day,

who were employed in fitting His Majesty’s Ships fora state of Ordinary, between ift March 1783 and 30th,

May 1784; also the number of Shipwrights and Apprentices, for one day, u ho were employed, during the fame period, in repairing or building Ships, and the current duties of the Yard.

45 Geo. III.

461

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Statement theming the time and exira worked by the Shipwrights in t lie Dock Yards, be t ween i ft October 1801 and 28th February 1803; also a Statement, from each of His Majesty’s Yards, /hewing the mmiber of Shipwrights and Apprentices, for one day, who were employed in fitting His Majesty’s Ships for 0 state of Ordinary, between 1 ft October 1801 and 28th February 1803; and also, the number of Shipwrights and Apprentices, for one dav, who were employed, during the lame period, in repairing or building Ships, and the current duties of the Yard.

Ordered, That there belaid before this House, Copies of all pirt-edious which were given by the Admiralty to the Navy Board, and the Admirals and Commissioners of the Out Ports, between ift October 1801 and ift March 1803, on the subject of laying up His Majesty’s Ships in Ordinary, for iiowing their holds, and receiving on board the rigging, guns, and ft ores of the Ships as they were respective-ly repaired, or reported fit for Ser-. vice t aiio, for Copies of all Letters to the Ordnance and Yiduailing Boards, on the fame subject, together with any Directions which were given by the Board of Admiralty to any of the above-mentioned Departments, on these subjects, in 1783 or 1784.

Ordered,1 hat there he laid before this House, Copies of the Leiters sent by the Malicr Shipwrights and Timber Malieis, of the i’everal Dock Yards, in May 1804, to the Secretary of the Admiralty; on the subject of the mode of ree< iving Timber in the Dock Yards from the Contractors.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Letters and Kepresentations from tire Officers of Deptford Yard to the Navy Board, between ift and 10th June 1803 on the subject of defective Timber cut tip in that Yard, and of the Advances given to the Timber Merchants oibtheir Contracts for Timber.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, an Account /hewing the quantity of lided Timber converted in Deptford Y ard in April, May, and June 1805; specifying the number of Trees which were found to be found, and the number which were found to be defective, in each month.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account /hewing the quantity of defective Oak Timber which was found in Plymouth Yard, at the inspec'ion by the Board of Admiralty in 1802; fiating how much thereof was on conversion found applicable to the principal converiions for which it had been received.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Orders and Instructions given by the Admiralty, between ift October 1S01 and March 1803, for procuring Timber from A e. Sou Water and Trinidad, as well as for building Ships of War in India.

Ordered, That there be laid before thisx House, a Statement of the number of Timbers which have been shifted on account of their bt ing decayed in His Majesty’s Ship Ocean, now building at Wooheich, from the time of her being first ordered to he laid clown in 1790.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, a Statement/hewing the ton mure and force of His Majesty’s Ships Yejlal, NarciJ/iis, Ci, and Paltar, built in.

Plymouth Y ard, with the eo/t of Workmanship, and the number of Shipwrights and Apprentices, for one day, who were employed in building of each, also the time they were each in building.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account to be made by the Officers of Deptford Y ard, /hewing the prices at this time allowed to the several Contractors in the River Thames-, for making Mails and YYrds for His Majesty’s Ships, together with the price at which each Article can be made by the Artificers in Deptford Yard.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the number of Shipwrights discharged from His Majesty’s Yards in May 1S01, for riots and combinations.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account /hewing the Names of the Quartermen, Shipwrights, and other Artificers, who were discharged from

OL. 60.

the several Dock Yards, at the inspection of the Admiralty in 1802; /hewing their several ages, hurts, and infirmities; together with the Amount of the Wages paid to each during the years 1800 and 1801, with the )'early Penfton ftnee allowed them upon being superannuated; also a, Statement of such Clafi’es of Artificers as were allowed Pensions on superannuation previous to 1802, and the rate per annum to each Oafs.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of the Letter from the Navy Board to the Admiralty, in November 1802; recommending that themost inefficient Shipwrights shouldbe discharged from Y'ard.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, Copies of all Correspondence between the Admiralty and Navy Boards from 14th February 1801 to ic;th May 1804, on the subject of the Quality and Manufacture of the Canvas in the Navy; together with Copies of all. Letters rel’pefting the appointment of an Inspector of Canvas; with the Correspondence between the Navy Board and Mr, Turner, on the subject of obtaining good Canvas for the Navy.

Ordered, That there be laid before tins House, a Statement, /hewing the price of Canvas in each year, from 1792 to 1805, inclusive, with the reasons for any increase of price which may have been given; together with an Account of the quantity received in each year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of the Letter from the Navy Board, of 15th May 1802, to the Admiralty, recommending that a quantity of the Canvas t lion in /lore might be fold; with the Reply of the Admiralty thereto.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Statement, to be made determined by the Officers of each of His Majesty’s Dock Yktrds, of the result of their observations on the Copper on the bottoms of such of His Majesty’s Ships as have been taken into Dock since the ift January 1801.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Letters and Orders from the Admiralty to the Navy Board, between 14th February 1801 and 15th May 1804, for the erection of Works and Machinery to manufacture Copper and Blocks in the Dock Y ards; together with all Statements which were made by the Inspector of Naval Works on these subjects.

Ordered, That the Inspector General of Naval Works be required to state, what benefits have arisen, or may be expected to arise, from the manufacture of Blocks and di derent Articles of Copper in the King’s Yards; how far the orders for the accomplishment of these objects have been carried into eftcCt; and what impediments have occasioned delay in their accomplishment.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the tonnage of Stores shipped from Deptford and Woohcich Yards, for the supply of the Out Ports and Foreign Yrards, in each month, from ill April to 30th September 1S04.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, Copies of all Letters from the Officers of Deptford Yard to the Navy Board, between ift May and 7th July 1804, on the subjectt of fending Stores to the Out Ports; and of the Replies made thereto by the Navy Board.

Ordered, That there he laid before this House, Copies of the Quarterly Returns from all the Y ards, /hewing the several Articles of Timber and Stores due from Contractors on the 31 ft March 1804.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Quarterly Returns from Plymouth Yard, of the several Articles of Timber and Stores due from Contractors on the 31ft December 1802.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. The Lor* Simeon: ,13ve agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act &intPancra» for repealing an Act, made in the forty-fourth year of Poor Bii1, His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for better " governing, maintaining, and employing the Poor of " the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Mitldle-" sex; for providing a new Workhouse for the use of the " laid Pavi/h; for appointing Collectors of the Rates;

6 B " and

462

3° Ju

A. 1805.

TrolefWortti Inclosure Bill.

Aidbourn inclol'urc Bill.

Somerford Keynes, &c. luclolure Bill.

Taft Mailing, &c. Inclosure Bill.

The Lords have passed

Paddington Kltate Bill.

Brandon's

Exchange

Bill.

Loppino's HulS iU.

WinrlTes

Indemnity

Bill,

committed.

considered.

" and for other purposes therein mentioned and for making more ert’eftual Provision for those and other purposes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in Frolcfivo, in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of otherwise

Aldborne, otherwise Alborne, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Somerford Keynes, in the County of Wills; without any Amendment: And also,

The Isolds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Mailing and Teflon, in the County of Kent; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the 35th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for enabling the Lord Bishop of London to grant a " Lense, with powers of renewal, of Lands in the Parish " of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex for the u purpose of building upon;", to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have pafl’ed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming certain Building Leases of Lands in Walworth,

attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, 1 presented to the I louse, pursuant to their Order,

A Return of the several new Taxes, and additional Duties of Customs, charged in Ireland, by any Act or Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, linee the 1 ft January 1S01; distinguishing the Years in which the fame were respectively charged, the Produce thereof in each year from their commencement, and the Amount thereof, in the whole, down to the 5t.l1 January 1805$ and dating also, the Amount of the increase of the Revenue of Cufroms in Ireland, by making the same payable in Briti/hCurrency, fluting the lame in and

Currency, from the 10th July 1804 to the 5th January 1805.

And then he withdrew; and the Title was read.

Ordered, That- the said Return do he upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Return be printed; for the Members of the I louse.

The said Return is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into Soutiwm further consideration the Report from the Committee of Fj^luIeB-n the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the deferred. Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery from Great Britain, was committed; be now read :—And the fame being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That

Tire House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

r,. , r ., v ("Sir Charles Price, Tellers for the \ eas, | Mf s,,rgcs SmrM.

rr , f $ Lord Petty,

fellers for the Noes, (The

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

]ss.

29-

in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of the said Report be taken into further consideration To-Surrey, granted by the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, morrow; jointly with their Lefl'ees, Hennj Pen ton, Esquire, and Samuel Brandon and Thomas Brandon, Esquires, contrary to the provisions of an Act, made in the fourteenth year of the reign of His present Majesty; and for establishing Exchanges of three small pieces of Freehold and Lease-hold Lands, between the said Dean and Chapter anU the said Samuel Brandon, and the Trustees under the will of the said Thomas Brandon, deceased; and for empowering the said Dean and Chapter, and their Lefl'ees for the time being of their Estates in Walworth, to grant Building Leases of parts of the said Premises, and for other the purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have pafl’ed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Thomas Luppino; to which the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Mcfl’engers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act; for encouraging the Residence of Stipendiary Curates on their Cures, be taken into consideration Tommorrow.

ImAs

Amendments to Curates Rtfidence Bill, to be convened.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. Lords desire

ry the Evidence

Simeon: on the Duke

of Atholi’s BiH.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second - reading of the Bill to indemnify all Persons who shall give Evidence against Henry Lord Viscount Melville, upon the Impeachment voted against him determined by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, in respect of any act done by such Persons, in any office or employment held by them under the said Lord Viscount Melville, during the time he held and enjoyed the office of Treasurer of His Ma jolty’s Navy; be now read:—And the fame being read ;—The said Bill was read a second lime.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itfclt'into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Giles took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refmned the Chair.

Mr. Giles reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time 1 o-morrow.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That the Lords do request that this House will be pleased to communicate to their Lordships, the Evidence upon which they pafl’ed the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on John now Duke of Atholl, and the heirs general of the seventh Earl

of Derby.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

llefolved. That this House will fend an Answer to the The Hot* said Message, by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith:—And then they

will fend ao Aiiiwer.

Ireland— Revenue Bill) deferred.

again withdrew.

O

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to provide for the better execution of the several Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue ot Customs and Excise, be now read:—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill more eJIeftually to deferred, regulate the Collection of the Duties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported and exported into or from Ireland, and the Payment of Bounties, Allowances, and Drawbacks thereon, was committed; be now read:—

The I lotife being informed, that Mr. Parnell, from

Irt* uni—

ing r Taxes,

the Office of the Chancellor of the Exchequer o

piUc.Uell. y

And the lame being read: Ordered, That the said consideration Tommorrow.

Report be taken into further

Ordered,

U-

45 Geo. III.

3°

Juln.

463

land*— toms and ife Colon Bill* rred.

lencan

o] Expor-jn Bill* off for a Uli.

lurd ery Bill* cd.

id i* one Bill* •orted.

forbring-Coals to don by and

Ration,

ited.

Ordered, That the Order of (he day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, upon the Bill to continue several Acts for the better collection and security of the Revenues of Customs and Ex-cife in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, be now read:—And the fame being read;

Befolved, That this House will. Tommorrow, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill to permit the Exportation of 'Wool from the British Plantations in America to the United Kingdom;'

Ordered, \hat the said Bill be read the third time upon this day month.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill to revive and continue an Act, made in the :51ft year of Mis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the encouragement of the Pilchard " Fishery, by allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards " taken, cured, and exported," be now read :—And the fame being read;—The said Bill was read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to revive and continue an Act, made in the 31ft year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by aMowing a " further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and " exported."

Ordered, That Mr. Davies Giddy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Sir Matthew Bloxham reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill to alter, amend, and enlarge, the powers of an Act, passed in the 20th year of His present Majesty, for the better government and regulation of the Poor in the Town and Parish of Maidjhme, in the County of Kent-, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that, the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they liar! directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Hawthorne do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for allowing, under certain restrictions, the bringing p, limited quantity of Coal, Culm, or Cinders, to London and Wei)minder, by Inland Navigation; wns committed.

Mr. Hawthorne accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to he reported to the Houl’c; and he rend the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon thoQuestion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; for empowering the Corporation of London, to appoint Collectors.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be. made part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; for inflicting Penalties on Persons obstructing such Officers.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

Vol. Go.

An ingrossed Bill for supplying the Inhabitants of the Camberwell Pari Hi of Saint Giles Camhencell, and Parts of the Parish ^jPTiird * of Saint Mary's Lambeth, and several other Parishes and Places in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, with Water; was read the third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder; declaring, that the communication between the River Thames and the Water Works shall not be made navigable.

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill, by way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 24. To leave out " increasing," and insert increased," instead thereof; and after "in," to insert " Hotifes and."

I.27. To leave out from "and," to "a," in 1. 28. and insert " Buildings would " be exposed to the most calamitous " Losses for want of," instead thereof.

Pr. 12. 1. 14. After " some," to insert "other."

Pr. 13. 1. 37. To leave out " from time," to "bv," in 1. 38.

Pr. 14. 1. 1. After "Directors," to insert "present '*

" at such Meeting."

Pr. 47. 1. 4. After " as," to insert "or."

Pr. 52. I.21. To leave out " and of such Overseers."

Pr. 57. I. 25. After " taken," to insert " upon Oath."

Pr. 62. 1. 13. After " whomsoever," to insert " interested."

Pr. 63. 1. 6. After " the," to insert " deposited with " the."

Pr. 74. 1. 1. To leave out from "of," to "this," in 1.2.

1. 19. To leave out from * this," to "Aft," in 1. 20.

Pr. 95. 1. 15. To leave out " under," and insert unto," instead thereof.

Pr. 100.1.34. To leave out from " Alignment," to " at," in 1. 36.

Pr. ioi.l. 25. After " enabled," to insert "That."

Pr. 102.1. 17. To leave out " and, " and iufert " or," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for supplying the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Giles Camberwell, and parts of the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, and several other Parishes and Places in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, with Water.

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Paddington enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the 33th year Estate Sib, of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for enabling the Lord Bishop of London to grant a Lease,

" with powers of renewal, of Lands in the Parish of Pad-" dinyton, in the County of Middlesex, lor the purpose of " building upon," was read the first time.

Bfolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third read- islanding of the ingrossed Bill to amend and render more ellec- Bill respeiHn* tual an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the 1pfjfajines* r,th year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " creeling and establishing Public Infirmaries or Hof- ’

" pitals in this Kingdom; he now read :—And the fame being read ;—The said Bill was read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he,

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the fifth year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for creeling " and establishing Public Iplinnarics or Ilofpilais in this " Kingdom."

Ordered, That Mr Alexander do tarry the Hill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for malting and maintaining an Archway or Arch wo vs under the River Thames, from Anbivap Ki.!,

the

464 3° Ju1805.

the Farish of Saint Mar)) Bolherhiihe in the County of Surrey, to the opposite fide of the said River, in the County of Middlesex, was read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. 8i. 1. 7. After "Peace," to insert "at the Gc-" rieral Quarter Sessions of the Peace " to be holclen."

1. 8. After "Liberty," to insert "respectively."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining an Archway or Archways under the River Thames, from the Parish of Saint Mary llotherhilhein the County of to the opposite lide of the said River in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Mr. Davies Giddy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Pilots Rfr;u- Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the second lation Bill, readiii" of the Bill for the better regulation of Pilots and

commute Pilotage of Vessels navigating the Seas; be now

read :—And the lame being read ;—The said Bill w as read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the v. hole House.

Resolved., That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House', upon the said Bill.

Con(b!i<bteJ Ordered, That Mr. do make the Report

roorted'1' from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ‘ ’ Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money

out of lire Cenfolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five; was committed.

Mr. llaiothorne accordingly reported from the said 'Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in Jiis place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

• ' ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to backs Bin."’ resolve it ft If into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend two Acts, passed in the 43d and 45th years of IIis present Majesty, for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from (treat Britain; be now read And the same being read; —The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. /laudhome took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker rcfumed the Chair.

Mr. Haicthorne reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments 1 hereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, 'Unitthe Report be received Tommorrow.

Committee cn Ordered. That the Order of the day, for the House to Plate Gtafs resolve itftll into a Committee of the whole House, upon R'ify *• the Bill for charging additional Duties on the Importation ol foreign Plate Glass into Great Britain; he now rtyd:—And the lame being read;—The House resolved

itftll into the fud Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hawthorne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hawthorne reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the I louse will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The ingrossed Bill to vest the Collection of TownWa

antient Sculpture in the Trustees of the British Mttfeum,: for the use of the Public, was, according to Order, read ' ’ p,iaed’ the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to veil the TorcnleianCollection of antient Sculpture in the Trustees of the British for the use of the Public.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a committee on Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for re- Hop Duty ducing the Duty of Excile on Hops the growth of Great Britain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Davies Giddy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Davies Giddy reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House, according to Order, refoived itself into Committiean a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for in-crrafing the Drawback on Linens exported from Great ac Britain to the West Indies.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Haicthorne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Haicthorne reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

A Bill to indemnify all Persons who have been con- Quarantine cerned in issuing an Order of Council and Directions, for extending the time of certain Ships continuing to perform cominitrc£ Quarantine, was, according to Order, read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Befolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Befolved, That this House will, Tommorrow, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the day being read, for the third reading Bill rating of the ingrossed Bill to amend l'o much of an Act of the A:ieM

c' i 1XCS lli

forty-third year of His present Majesty, for confuliilating Scotland, certain of the provisions of the Acts relating to the Duties dcrtrreJ. in Scotland under the management of the Commissioners for the Adairs of Taxes, as relates to the appointment of Alienors and Sub-collectors, and the Notices required to be delivered to Persons assessed to the said Duties;

Ordered, Unit the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

The House, according to Order, refoived itself into a Committee* Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill g^ui, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to continue the Proceedings in the House of Lords touching the conduct bf Luke Fox, Esquire, one of the Judges of the Court of Common Pleas of that part of the United Kingdom culled Ireland, notwithstanding any Prorogation or Dissolution of Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Haicthorne took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hawthorne reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bid; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment;

7 and

v

Geo. III.

3°—4°

465

-And

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table the said Bill was read the third t:ne.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexa do carry the Bill to the

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Platting The ingrossed Bill for charging additional Duties of paded. Customs on Straw Platting, and on Straw Hats or Bonnets, imported into Great , was, according to

Order, read the third time.

Resolve ed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for charging additional Duties of Customs on Straw Platting, and on Straw Hats or Bonnets, imported into Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deft re their concurrence.

nerp

Cid.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming certain Building Leases of Lands in Wal-icorth, in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surrey, granted by the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, jointly with their Leflecs, Henry Renton, Esquire, and Samuel Brandon and Thomas Brandon, Esquires, contrary to the provisions of an. Act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of His present Majesty; and for establishing Exchanges of three small pieces of Freehold and Loafehold Lands, between the said Dean and Chapter and the said Samuel Brandon, and the Trustees under the will of the said Brandon, deceased;

and for empowering the said Dean and Chapter, and their Lessees for the time being of their Estates in Walworth, to grant Building Leases of parts of the said Premises, and for other the purposes therein mentioned} was read the in ft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

linn’* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Thomas Luppino, was read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

'on from A Petition of the Merchants and Ship Owners of

don, concerned in the Southern Whale Fishery, was pre-tm fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the yBill ^'boners are informed, application is intended to be ‘ made to the House, that a Clause may be introduced into the Bill for the encouragement of the Southern Whale Fishery, for the purpose of enabling Foreigners to carry on the said Fishery from the Port of Milford with great and partial privileges and advantages, beyond those allowed to BritiPisubjects } and that the Petitioners, in the

event of the said Clause being admitted into the Bill, would sustain very great loss, and the fame would also have the effect of injuring t he Revenue: And therefore praying, T. hat the TIoufe will refuse the application for the adinifllon of the said Clause.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis,4° die;

Anno 45* Georgii Up" RCgis, 1805.

Prayers.

Clephanereported from the Committee, tuled An Aftf tre.1r8’r°^tf from the Lords, inti-Lands of Redchak^rlfec»ring certain parts of the

,ying in thipari/u

in favour of Robert Lupon and to, and

a«d the fame series oof Uric, Esquire, tions and limitations * S mid under the fame condi-a Deed of Entlil * ,are nicll, ioned and contained in ceased, and ?-e of Uric de-

VOL ett f0t vefll"S 1,1 U>c said Altar.

dice, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, certain^ parts of the Barony of Urie, lying in the said County of Kincardine, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amende ment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:

—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That General Clephane do carry the Bill to the Lords} and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir John William Anderson reported from the Com- i*gard'i mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, initituled. An Act for vesting part of the settled Estates of Amendment* Sir John J.egard, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, with a&d agreed t«. the approbation of the High Court of Chancery, and for applying part of the Purchase Monies in paying off Incumbrances on such Estates, and in reimbursing to him the sums required by the Commissioners acting in the execution of several Acts for inclosing and draining such Estates, and for laying out the residue of the Purchase Monies in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former uses, was committed} That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee } and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards de.ivered the Bill, with the Amendments* in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth viz.

Pr. 15. l.i 5. After " Works," insert " and it is there-" fore reasonable that a part of the " said settled Estates should be fold,

" for the purpose of reimbursing " to the said Sir John the

" Sums required for those purposes,

" by the said Commissioners."

Pr. 16. I.25. Leave out from the beginning of the line to " and " in 1. 28.

Pr. 17. 1.28. Leave out from " County," to " may*' in 1. 30.

I.37. After " the " insert" further," and leave out from " fums" to " and, " in 1. 38;

, and insert " required by the said Commissioners of Inclosure and " Drainage."

Pr. 18. 1.18. I>eave out " Advowson Tythes."

Pr. 19. 1. 23. Leave out " Tythes."

1. 38. Leave out " Advowson Tythes."

Pr. 20. 1.18. Leave out " Advowson Tythes."

Pr. 23; I.14. Leave out from "the" to * and" int I.15; and insert " further Expences " of Inclosure and Drainage."

Pr. 24. 1.28. After " the " insert " future," and leave out from " of" to " or " in 1. 29; and insert " Inclosure and Drainage."

Pr.25. 1.18. Leave out "the," and insert " such fu-" tureand leave out from " Expences" to " or" in 1. 19, and insert " of Inclosure and Drainage."

Pr. 31. 1.3 :5. I.cave out " Advowson Tythes."

Pr. 32. 1.17. Leave out " Commissioners," and insert " Commissioner."

The said Amendments being severally read a second 4 time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do Bill paflM, pass.

Ordered, That Sir John William Anderson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, with several Amendments; to which Amendments this House doth desire the concurrence of their Lordships.

6 C Mr-

46C*

4° Julii.

A. 1805.

H«p Duty Mr. Davies Giddy, according to Order, reported from Biii, reported, '(^g Committee of the whole House, to whom the hill for reducing the Duty of Excise on Hops, the growth of Great Britain, was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read ■the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was twice read, and upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tomorrow.

from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the I lonourable Alan Hyde Gardner with Maria Elizabeth Adderley, ar.d to enable him to marry again j

and for other purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chaii;.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

■Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had heard counsel, and examined witnesses for the said Bill; and that no counsel or party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Chelfon Bay Mr. Bastard, according to Order, reported from the

Bill, reported. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for enabling His Majesty to grant a certain Creek called

Chelfon Bay, in or near the Parish of Saint

Mary, in the County of Devon, and for veiling the lame, for a Valuable confederation, in the Right honourable John Lord Boringdon, and his heirs, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, writh the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Account* of The House being informed, that Mr. from

Bndgc"iler Conunissioners for building a Bridge cross the River presented. Thames, from the City of to the opposite

shore in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door; he was called in; and at the Bar prefenled to the House, pursuant to the directions of several Acts of Parliament,

A Book, intituled, The Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners of ,to the nth

of May 1805:—And also, a Copy of the Minutes of their Proceedings.

And then he withdrew :—And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table.

The said Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Miidftone An ingrossed Bill to alter, amend, and enlarge the pg°r Bll)* Powers of an Act, passed in the 20th year of His present

pJ Majesty, for the better government and regulation of the Poor in the Town and Parish of Maidstone, in the County of Kent, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titleb e An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge, the powers of an Act, passed in the 20th year of His present Majesty, for the better government and regulation of the Poor in the Town and Parish of Maidin the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Sir John William do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

Moore’s Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill ivcice . intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Moore with Barbara his now

wile, and to enable him to marry again, and for other ptirpoles therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

' Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had heard counsel, and examined witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no counsel or party appeared be-lote the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Committee on The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill

A Mc tTage from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mr. The lord* Simeon: have agreed

Mr. Speaker, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Exchequer for raifntg the sum of Eight Millions, by Loans or Exche- Bill< Bill quer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the year ^•8>000>°oc) one thou fund eight hundred and five; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Exchequer for raising the sum of Two millions five hundred thousand ®il,$ Bl11 Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of ^d00-000) Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five; and for indemnifying the Bank of England for having advanced Money for the Public Service on the credit of certain Exchequer Bills; without any Amend-; nient: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Exchequer for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Bills 8,11 Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Cochineal for repealing the Duties of Customs on Cochineal Dull Bill* and Granilla imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act BankNotet, to alter and extend the Provisions of the Laws now &p;p0fgB7 in force for the punishment of the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bills of Exchange, and other Securities, to every part of Great Britain; without any Amendment:

And also,

' The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Warehousing to authorize the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s BM' Treasury, to permit certain Articles to be warehoused in different Ports in Great Britain, upon giving security for the payment of Duties upon the Articles therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ifleofMan for regulating and encouraging the Trade, for the im- Tra<leBlU* provement of the Revenue, and prevention of Smuggling to and from the Isle of Man; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Gioucelltr enable the Company of Proprietors of the and ^Beitaky

Berkeley Canal, to vary and alter the Line of a certain part of the said Canal; and to enable the said Company to raise a further Sum of Money for carrying into execution the several Acts for making the said Canal; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Newnham to continue the term, and alter and enlarge the powers Roa<1 BU1' of an Act, passed in the twenty-third year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from the Passage or Ferry over the River Severn at Hetvnham to a place called Saint White’s adjoining the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Carmarthen repeal so much of an Act, passed in the thirty-second year GaolBUL of-His present Majesty, as relates to the building a Gaol and ILmfeofCorreft ion for the Town and County Borough of Carmarthen, and for watching and supplying the- laid Town with Water, and for granting further powers for

those

w

isacc!,

1

1

45 Geo. III. 4" Jidii 467

those and other purposes relating thereto; without any Amendment: And also,

■Hilton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act loor for inclosing a certain Tract or Parcel of Moor, Common,

.duiure Bi . "Waste Ground, called Moor, within and

Parcel of the Manor of Cla it "I in the County Palatine of Lancuand for converting the fame into a Stinted Paituro; without any Amendment: And also,

Canton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act tloiure Bill. for inclosing Lands in the Lnrdllrp of Munton, otherwise Maunton, in the Count}r of Lincoln j without any Amendment: And also, irmondT- . The l.oids have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act "loiure Bil! for inclosing Lands in the Parillj of Harmondficorth, in dh an ’ the County of Mid dir for-, with an Amendment; to which oendment. Amendment the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the MefTcngers withdrew.

port from Mr. Whitbread reported from the Committee, ap-x!in'ted*to P0*11^ to inspect the Lords Journals, in relation to their Lords Proceedings on the Reports of the Commissioners ap-muls. pointed to examine, take, and Rate the Public Accounts of the Kingdom; and to report what they find therein to the House; That the Committee had inspetfied the fame accordingly; and had directed him to report to the House, what they had found therein, in relation to the Lords proceedings upon the said Reports; and he read the Report in his place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee find, that the First Report of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, was presented, and ordered to lie upon the Table, the 27th of November 1780; the 15th and last Report on the 31st of January 1787. These, and all the intermediate Reports as they were received, were ordered to lie upon the Table; and no further Proceeding appears to have been had in respect to them.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

»rtof Mr. Whitbread reported from the Committee, ap-athment. P0,nlef^ to draw up Articles of Impeachment against * Henry Lord Viscount Melville, That the Committee had

prepared feu;raI Articles of Impeachment accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place, and afterw’ards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Articles exhibited by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, in the name of them (elves and of all the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and,

against Henry Lord Viscount Melville-, in maintenance of their Impeachment against him, for High Crimes and Mifikmeanors.

Whereas the Office of Treasurer of I Iis Majesty’s Navy is an Office of high Trust and Confidence; in the faithful and uncorrupt execution whereof, the Subjects of this Kingdom are moil deeply interested: And whereas the ancient Confutation of the said Office of Treasurer of the Navy, and of other Offices concerned in the receipt, disbursement, and controul of the Public Money, having been found to be highly inexpedient in conference of the increased expenditure of the Country, did become the subjoCt of frequent long and serious deliberation in Parliament: And whereas by an Act of, Parliament made and passed in the 20th year of the reign of His present Majesty, and by several subsequent Acts of Parliament, for appointing and enabling Commissioners to examine, take, and ltate, the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, and for other purposes therein mentioned, certain Commissioners were constituted and appointed for examining, taking, and dating the Accounts therein particularly mentioned, and also for examining and fluting in what manner, and at what times, the receipts, ifl'ues, and expenditures, of the Public Monies Vol. 60.

were accounted for; and for considering of and reporting determined by what means and methods the Public Accounts might in future be patted, and the Accomptants compelled to pay the balances or monies due from them in a more expeditious, more effc6tual, and less expensive manner: And whereas the said Commissioners did inquire into and report upon the Public Accounts by the said Acts referred to their examination, and did discover and point out various abuses in many of the Public Offices entrufied with the receipt and expenditure of Public Money, and in particular in the Office of the Treasurer of I lis Majesty’s Navy; and did propose and recommend fundrv good and wholesome provisions and regulations for the reformation of the fame, and particularly for preventing the Public Money issued for Navy Services from coming into the possession and custody of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, or the officers or persons employed under him; for depriving him and them of all opportunity of using and misapplying the Public Money to private purposes, and thereby expos-ing the same to the risk of loss; for making the Bank of England the foie place of deposit for the fame; for removing, from thenceforward, all temptations and inducements to applications for more Public Money than was necessary for the Public Service; for preventing ail unnecessary delay in passing the Public Accounts of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, and in restoring to the Public the Balances remaining in his hands: And whereas the House of Commons having taken the Reports of the said Commissioners into consideration upon the! 19th day of June 1782, did (among other things) resolve that some regulations ought to be adopted, for the purpose of lettening and keeping down the balances which appeared to have usually been in the hands of the Treasurer of the Navy; and did further declare their opinion, that from thenceforward, the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and the Treasurer of the Navy for the time being, thou Id not apply any Sum or Sums of Money imprested to them or either of them, to any purpose of advantage or interest to themselves, either directly or indirc6lly.

And whereas for the more effectually carrying into execution the said Resolutions of the House of Commons, His Majesty, by Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, bearing date the 22d day of June 1782, was most graci-oufiy pleased to augment the income of the Right honourable Ij'aac Barre, as Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, and to add thereto the sum of 2,150. that the said income might in future amount' to 4,000. which His Majesty was then graciously pleased to grant to the said Ifaae Barre, clear of all dedu6tions, in full satisfaction of all wages and fees and other profits and emoluments theretofore enjoyed by former Treasurers of His Majesty’s Navy: And whereas by Letters Patent bearing date the 19th day of August 1782, His Majesty was graciously pleased to give and grant unto the Right honourable Henry Dundas now Lord Viscount Melville, the Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy Royal and Ships, and Receiver General of all sums of Money appointed, or from time to time to be appointed and payable for the support, maintenance, and reparation of I Iis Majesty’s Navy Royal and Ships, for emptions and provisions appertaining to and necessary for the said Navy and Shipp, and for wages, falaties of officers, servants, and other persons whatever, belonging to the said Navy or Ships, or any other matter or thing whatsoever, in any manner touching or concerning the Navy Royal or Ships; and for the exercise and occupation of the said Office, and for and in satisfaction of all wages and fees of three pence of lawful money for every pound to be received and paid by the said Henry Dundas, by virtue of his said office. His Majesty was further graciously pleased to give and grant unto him by the said Letters Patent, an annuity or yearly payment of 2,000.

And whereas the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville represented, or caused to be represented, or it was repre-fented to His Majesty, that the said annuity or yearly payment of £.2,000, after deducting all charges, taxes,

and expences thereon, would not produce to him the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville more than the sum of

£. 1,8-}o

1

4GS

4° Julii.

A. 1805.

<£. 1,850 in each year, or thereabouts; whereupon His Majesty, by Warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, bearing date the 23d day of October 1782, was graci-oully pleal'td to declare, that the Income of the Treasuror of the Navy should be augmented with an additional allowance of £, 2,324. 6. 6. in order to make, together with the said film of £,. 1,850, the said income to

amount in future to the film of 4,000: And His Majesty did thereby direct, authorize, and empower the 'said Henry Lord Viscount Melville to take and apply out of such monies as were in or should come to his hands, or to the hands of his Caftiier, arisen or to arise py the sale of Old Naval Stores, the said sum of X. 2,324. 6. 6. 'which, together with the before-mentioned sum of jC-1,850, would make the said sum of four thousand pounds, which His Majesty was graciously pleased to grant him, clear of all deductions, in full satisfaction of all wages and fees, and other profits and emoluments theretofore enjoyed by former Treasurers of the Navy; the same to commence and be computed from the day of the date of the said letters Patent, and to continue during his continuance in the said Office: And His Majesty did further direct, authorize, anil empower the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville, in case the said additional allowance of 2,324. 6. 6. together with the said several Allowances before statecl should not produce in each year the net sum of four thousand pounds, to charge the deficiency in the annual amount of monies disbursed by him for fees of divers natures: And whereas the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville held and enjoyed the said Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, under the said Letters Patent, front the said 19th day of August; 1782 until the 10th day of April 1783:

And whereas by Letters Patent, bearing date the 5th day of January 1784, His Majesty was graciously pleased again to give and grant unto the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville the said Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, in the fame terms as in the said former Letters Patent of the nineteenth day of August 1782; and upon a limilar representation made or caused to be made by the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville, or otherwise made to His Majesty as that hereinbefore ltated. His Majesty was graciously pleased, by warrant under His Royal Sign Manual, hearing date the 16th day of January 1784, to augment the Income of the said Office of Treasurer of the Navy with an additional Allowance of £.2,324. 6. 6. in order to make the Annual Income of the said Office amount to the said sum of four thousand pounds, and which said Income His Majesty was thereby graciously pleased to grant to the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville, clear of all deductions, in full satisfaction of all wages and fees, and other profits and emoluments theretofore enjoyed by former Treasurers of the Navy, and to secure and provide for the due payment thereof in like manner as in the said former warrant'of the twenty-third day of October 1782 is provided:

And whereas the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville, under and by virtue of the said last mentioned Letters Patent, Held and enjoyed the said office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, from the said 5th day of January 1784, until the 3ift day of May 1800:

And whereas on the 17th day of February 1785, the House of Commons ordered that leave should be given to bring in a Bill for better regulating the Office of the Treasurer ofl lis Majesty’s Navy, and that (together with other Members of the said iloufe of Commons) Mr. Henry Dundas, now Lord Viscount Melville, should prepare and bring in the fame; and, in pursuance of the liiid order, the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville, on the 29th day of April 1785, did present to the House of Commons a Bill for belter regulating the office of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy; and the said Bill having pa fled the House of Commons, was, in pursuance of an Order of that House, carried by the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville to the House of Lords; to which Bill be (in the name of the House of Commons) desired the concurrence of their I>ordftnps:

And whereas the said Bill, in the 25th year of His Majesty’s reign, patted into a law, intituled, "AnACt " for better regulating the Office of the Treasurer of " His Majesty’s Navy;"—The ill, 3d, 4th, and 5th ScClions whereof, are as follows:

" Whereas it appears by the Reports made by the " Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state " the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, that Regtila-" tions are necessary for better conducting the bufi-" ness in the Department of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy; Be it therefore Enacted by the " King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad-" vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, " and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, " and by the Authority of the same, That from and after " the first day of July 1785, the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the time being, in all Memorials to be " by iiim presented to the Treasury, for Money for Navy " Sendees, shall pray that such sum as he requires may " be issued to the Governor and Company of the Bank " of England on his account, and shall transmit with " each Memorial a copy of the letter or letters from the " Commissioners of the Navy, Victualling, and Sick and " Hurt Boards, directing him to apply for such sum or " films; in which letter or letters the said Commissioners " shall, and they are hereby required and directed to " specify for what particular service or services the said " mottey is wanted, and shall also state the balances then " in the hands of the Treasurer of the Navy under each " head of service respectively; and the Commissioners " of His Majesty’s Treasury for the time being, by their * letter from time to time, shall direct the Auditor of " the Exchequer to issue to the Governor and Company " of the Bank of England, on account of the Treasurer " of II is Majesty’s Navy, naming such Treasurer for the " time being, the sum for which such letter shall be drawn " upon the nnfatisfied order at the Exchequer, in favour of " the said Treasurer, for which the receipt of the Cashier tc or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company shall " be a sufficient discharge; and all sums for which Let-" ters of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury " shall be drawn, shall be issued to the Governor and " Company of the Bank of England in like manner as " they have been heretofore issued to the Treasurer of " His Majesty’s Navy; and all such monies to be issued " to the Governor and Company of the Bank of En-" gland shall be placed on an Account or Accounts to " be raised in the books of the Governor and Company " of the said Bank of England, and to be intituled, "The " Account of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy," " inserting the name of such Treasurer for the time " being, for the Pay Branch, Cashiers Branch, and the " Victualling Branch; and on receipt of all such monies " at the Exchequer, the Treasurer of the Navy shall " immediately certify to the Commissioners of the Navy, " an Account of the whole receipt under the respective " heads of service, and shall also certify to the Commissioners of the Victualling and Sick and Hurt Boards, " the particular sums received and applicable to those " Services respectively."

" And be it further Enacted, That from and after " the first day of July 1785, no money for the service " of the Navy shall be issued from His Majesty’s'Exchequer to the Treasurer of the Navy, or shall be " placed or directed to be placed in his hands or poflef-" fion; but the same shall be issued and directed to be " paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of " England, and to be placed to the Accounts above-*c mentioned, according to the Serv ices for which it is " craved and issued."

" And be it Enacted, That the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy for the time being, by himself,. or " the person or persons in his Office duly authorized by " the said Treasurer, from and after the first day of July " 1785, shall draw upon the Governor and Company of " the Bank of England for all Navy Services whatever, " and shall specify in each and every draft the Head of " Service for which the fame is drawn; and no draft of " the said Treasurer, or the person or persons authorized " as aforesaid, shall be deemed a sufficient Voucher to " the said Governor and Company of the Bank of 7 " England,

45 Geo. III. 4° Yu Hi. 4

" England, unless the fame specifies the Head of Service

" for which it is drawn, and has been actually paid by " the said Governor and Company of the Bank of

" England."

" Provided always, That the Monies to be i(Tiled unto " the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, " on account of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, " shall not be paid out of the Bank unless for Navy " Services, and in pursuance of drafts to be drawn on the

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and " signed by the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy for the tC time being, or the person or persons authorized as " aforesaid; in which drafts shall be specified the Heads " of Service to which the sums therein mentioned are to " be applied; and which drafts so drawn shall be suffi-" cient authority to the Bank to pay such Money to " the persons mentioned in such drafts or to the bearer " of them."

And whereas the provisions contained in the said last mentioned Act of Parliament, were thereby directed to take place on the i It day of July 1785: But the execution of the said Act, with respect to the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville, opening an Account or Accounts with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as thereby directed, was postponed by him until the 13th day of January 1786, when the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville opened an Account with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, intituled, " Right " Honourable Henry Dnndas, Act of Parliament New " Account;" and which said Account was continued by him until he quitted the said Office on the 31st of May 1800, and was the only Account kept by the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville, as Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, under and in pursuance of the said Act of Parliament for regulating his said Office.

And whereas on the 10th day of January 1786, whilst the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville held and enjoyed the said Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, he did constitute and appoint Alexander Trotter his Pav-maller; and the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville did, on the said icth day of January 1786, duly authorize and empower the said Alexander Trotter to draw on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for and upon the account of him the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville as Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, all and every sum and sums of Money that then were or should thereafter be wanted for the Public Services, under the care of payment of the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville, the said Alexander Trotter being particularly careful to specify on each $nd every draft the service for which the Money should be drawn.

And whereas it was the duty of the said Hennj Lord Viscount Melville, during all the time he held and enjoyed the said Oflice of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, to abstain from applying himself, and to prevent all persons acting under him from applying any part of the Money issued from His Majesty’s Exchequer for Navy Services, to any purpose of advantage or interest to himself or themselves, either directly or indirectly, or to any other purposes than for Navy Services, and from deriving any profit or emolument therefrom: And from and after the passing of the said Act of Parliament of the 25th year of His Majesty’s reign, for better regulating the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, it was the duty of the said Lord Viscount Melville to observe and pursue the provisions and directions of the said Act of Parliament; Yet the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville, not satisfied with the ample revenue so provided for him as aforesaid, nor regarding the duty of his high and important Office, or the express provisions of the said Act of Parliament, did, whilst he so held and enjoyed the said Office, aft and conduct himself fraudulently, corruptly, and illegally, in the several instances herein set forth.

1 ft Article.

That the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville, whilst he held and enjoyed the said Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, and. previous to the said 10th day of January 17S6, did take and receive from and out of the

Vol. 60.

money imprested to him as Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, from His Majesty’s Exchequer, the Sum of j£. 10,000, or some other large Sum or Sums of Money, and did fraudulently and illegally convert and apply the same to his own use, or to some other corrupt and illegal purposes, and to other purposes than those of the Publip Navy Sendees of the Kin dom, to which alone the fame was lawfully applicable; and did continue such fraudulent and illegal qfmversion and application of the said Sum or Sums of Money after the passing of the said Act of Parliament for the better regulating the Office of th§ Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy. And the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville has declared that lie never would reveal the application of the said Sum of j£. 10,000, and in particular he did make such declaration in the I louse of Commons on the nth day of June 1805; and then and there added, that he felt himself bound by motives of public duty, as well as private honour and personal convenience, to conceal the fame: All which conduct of the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville was contrary to the duty of his said Office, a breach of the high Trust reposed in him, and a violation of the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

2d Article.

That the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville, disregarding the duties of his said Office, and in breach and violation of the said Act of Parliament for better regulating the fame, did, after the puffing of the same Act , and whilst the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville continued to hold and enjoy the said Office, connive at and permit and suffer the said Alexander Trotter, under and by virtue of the said authority so given to him by the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville as aforesaid, illegally to draw, receive, and take from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for other purposes than for immediate

application to Navy Services, large sums of Money from and out of the monies before then issued unto the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England on account of the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville as Treasurer of H is Majesty’s Navy: And the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville did connive at and permit and suffer the said Alexander Trotter to place the said last mentioned sums of money or a great part thereof, so illegally drawn, received, and taken by him from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England as aforesaid, in the hands of Messrs. Thomas Contts and Company, the private Bankers of the said Alexander Trotter, in his own name, and subject to his foie controul and disposition: ALL which conduct of the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville was contrary to the duty of his said Office, a breach of the high trull reposed in him, and a violation of thp laws and statutes of the realm.

3d Article.

That after the passing of the said Act of Parliament for better regulating the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, and after the said 10th day of January 1786, and whilst the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville held and enjoyed the said office, large sums of Money were from time to time issued and paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and placed on an Account raised in the books of the said Governor and Company with the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville, intituled, " Right Honble Henry Dnndas, Act of Parlia-*( ment New AccountAnd the said Alexander,

under and by virtue of the said authority, from the said Hennj Lord Viscount Melville, did from the said icth day of January 1786, during all the time the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville afterwards continued to hold and enjoy the said Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, draw upon the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England for and on account of the monies so issued and paid to them, and placed to the said Account so raised in their books, with the said Lord Viscount

Melville, as such Treasurer as aforesaid: And the said Alexander Trotter did receive and take large sums of money so drawn by him from the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England as aforesaid:

That the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville did, after the said 10th day of January 1786, fraudulently and illegally permit and suffer the said Alexander Trotter to

6 D place

470 4° Jul 1805.

place many of the said sums of Money so drawn, received, and taken by him from the Gdvernor and Company of the Bank of England as aforesaid, in the hands of Messrs. Thomas Coutts and Company, the private Bankers of the said Alexander Trotter, in his own name and at his own disposal': And the said Alexander Trotter did thereupon, with the privity, by the connivance, and with the permission of the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville, apply and life the said last mentioned sums of Money, or great part thereof, for purposes of private advantage or interest, profit and emolument: and did place the said sums of Money, or a great part thereof, in the hands of the said MeflTrs. Coutts and Co. mixed with and undistinguished from the proper monies of the said Alexander Trotter, whereby the said last mentioned sums of Money were not only applied to and used for purposes of private advantage or interest, profit and emolument, and for purposes other than Navy Services, but were also exposed to great risk of loss, and were withdrawn from the controul and disposition of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy: AND the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville, by so conniving at and permitting and suffering the Public Money to be withdrawn from the Bank of England, and used and applied in manner aforesaid, acted in breach of the great trust and confidence reposed in him, in violation of the said Act of Parliament made for regulating his said Office, contrary to his duty, and against the laws of this realm, and to the evil example of all persons entrusted in the great departments of the Public Service, with any controul over the application and expenditure of the Public Money.

4th Article.

That after the said ioth day of January 1786, and whilst the said Henri1 Lord Viscount Melville held and

enjoyed the said Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, he the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville did fraudulently and illegally, for the purpose of advantage or interest to himself, or for acquiring or obtaining profit or emolument therefrom, or for some other corrupt and illegal purposes, and for purposes other than Navy Services, take and receive from the Public Money placed in his name at the Bank of England, as Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, the sum of «£. 10,000. or some other large sum or sums of Money, and did fraudulently and illegally convert and apply the same to his own use, or to some other corrupt and illegal purposes:

That during the time the said Alexander Trotter held and enjoyed the said Office of Paymaster to the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville as aforesaid, and whilst the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville held and enjoyed the said Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy as aforesaid, he the said Alexander Trotter kept with the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville an Account Current, entered in certain books of account, containing entries of all the sums paid and received by the said Alexander Trotter on the Account of the said Lord Viscount

Melville, and by agreement between the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville and the said Alexander Trotter, hearing date the 18th and 23d days of February 1803, it is stated, that they had either mutually delivered up to each other, or resolved and agreed mutually to cancel or destroy, all the vouchers or other memorandums and writings that at any time theretofore might have existed, passed, or been interchanged between them, relative to the said Accounts, and the different items and articles of which the said Accounts were composed or confided: And the said Books of Account containing the said Account Current, together with all vouchers or other memorandums and writings in the post'eflion of the said Alexander Trotter, and also of the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville, relative thereto, were burnt and destroyed determined by the said Henry laird Viscount Melville and Alexander Trotter: And tire said fiipulation contained in the said agreement for the said Henry Lord Viscount and

Alexander Trotter mutually delivering up to each other, or for mutually cancelling and destroying all the said ‘Vouchers or other memorandums or writings relative to the said Account, was so entered into; and the said Books of Accounts, Vouchers, Memorandums, and Writ-

ings, were so burnt and destroyed, with a view to conceal and prevent the discovery of the several advances of Money made by the said Alexander Trotter to the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville, and of the several accounts or considerations for or upon which the fame were so advanced; ALL which conduct of the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville was, contrary to the duty of his said Office, a breach of the high trust reposed in him, and a violation of the laws and statutes of this realm, and to the like evil example as aforesaid.

5th Article.

That after the said ioth day of January 1786, and whilst the said Alexander Trotter so continued the Paymaster of the said Henry T-<ord Viscount Melville as aforesaid, and with such privity, connivance, and permission as aforesaid, so applied and used the said Sums of Money, or great part thereof, for purposes of private advantage, profit, and emolument, as aforesaid, the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville fraudulently concealing the illegal use and application of the fame, did procure, obtain, and receive from the said Alexander Trotter, advances of several large Sums of Money, which were made to him the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville, by the said Alexander Trotter, in part from Money so as aforesaid illegally drawn by him the said Alexander Trotter from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and in part from Sums of Money so placed by the said ander Trotter in the hands of the said Mess'rs. Coutts and Co. as aforesaid, when mixed with and uudistinguished from the proper monies of the said Alexander Trotter:— And for the purpose of more effectually concealing the said Advances of Money, the said Books of Account, Vouchers, Memorandums, and Writings w ere so as aforesaid burnt and destroyed.

6th Article.

That amongst other advances of Money so as aforesaid obtained and received by the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville, from the said Alexander Trotter, the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville did procure, obtain, and receive from the said Alexander Trotter, a Sum of JO, 22,000, or some other large Sum or Sums of Money, advanced by the said Alexander Trotter to the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville, without interest; part whereof was so advanced exclusively from Public Money so as aforesaid illegally drawn from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England by the said Alexander Trotter-, and other part whereof was advanced from the said Mixed Fund, composed as well of Public Money so as aforesaid illegally drawn by the said Alexander Trotter from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and placed by him in the hands of the said Mess’rs. Coutts and Company as aforesaid, as of the proper monies of the said Alexander Trotter in the hands of the said Mess’rs. Coutts and Co. which had been mixed therewith, and remained undistinguifhod therefrom: And for the purpose of more effectually concealing the said advances of money, the said Books of Account, Vouchers, Memorandums, and Writings were so as aforesaid burnt and destroyed.

7th Article.

That amongst other advances of Money so as aforesaid obtained and received by the said Henri) Lord Viscount Melville from the said Alexander Trotter, the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville did obtain and receive a Sum of

£•22,000, or some other large sum or sums of Money advanced to him by the said Alexander Trotter-, and for which it has been alledged by the said Henry Lord VII-count Melville, that he was to pay interest: And for the purpose of more effectually concealing the said last-ment tioned advances of Money, the said Books of Account, Vouchers, Memorandums, and Writings, w ere so as aforesaid burnt and destroyed.

8th Article.

That during all or great part of the time the said Alexander Trotter held and enjoyed the said Office of Paymaster to the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville as aforesaid, and the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville held and enjoyed the said Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s

Navy

45 Geo. III.

471

Navy as aforesaid, lie the said Alexander Trotter did gra-tuitously, and without salary or other pecuniary compensation, aft in and trail fast the private business of the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville, as his Agent, and was from time to time in advance for the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville in that respect to the amount of from ten thousand to £. 20,000, or to some other great amount, and which advances were taken from the said Sums of Money so placed by the said Alexander in the

hands of the said Messrs. Coutts and Co. confiding in part of Public Money, drawn by him from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England as aforesaid, and in part of his own private monies mixed therewith, and undistinguished therefrom as aforesaid:—By means whereof the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville did derive benefit and advantage from the aforesaid illegal acts of the said Alexander Trailer:

And the said Alexander Trotter did so gratuitously, and without salary, act in and transact the private bufi-nefsof the said Henry Lord Viscount and make

him such Advances of Money as aforesaid, in eousideration of the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville conniving at and permitting anil fullering the said Trotter

so as aforesaid to apply and make use of the said Sums of Public Money so drawn by him from the Bank of England, and applied and appropriated for purposes of private advantage or interest, profit and emolument as aforesaid:—And the said Alexander Trotter would not have been, and was well known to the said Lord Viscount Melville not to have been able to make such Advances of Money to the said Lord Viscount

Melville as aforesaid, otherwise than from and by means of the said films of Public Money so drawn by the said Alexander Trotter from the Bank of England, with the privity, connivance, and permission of the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville as aforesaid, and applied by the said Alexander Trotter for purposes of private advantage, interest, profit, and emolument:—All which proceedings and conduct of the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville were contrary to the duty of his said Office, in breach of the great trust reposed in him, and in gross violation of the Laws and Statutes of this Realm: And by all and every one of the aforesaid acts done and committed by him the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville, he was and is guilty of High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Monday next.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Acts, for the better collection and security of the Revenues of Culioms and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein; be now read:—And the fame being read ;—The House re-solved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker rcfiuncd the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they hail gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill to indemnify all persons who shall give evidence against Henry Lord Viscount Melville, upon the Impeachment voted against him by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, in respect of any Act done by such persons, in any Office or Employment held by them under the said Lord Viscount Melville, during the time he hold and enjoyed the Office of Treasurer of I lis Majesty’s Navy; be now read:—And the fame being read;- -The laid Bill was read the third time.

An ingrtuTed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder-, declaring, that the evidence given by \Y itm-fk Iliad not be brought against them in any Civil Suit.

Vox.. 60.

And the said Clause was read the first time; and, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the further proceeding upon the third reading of the said Bill, be adjourned till Tommorrow.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling His Majesty to grant a Chelfon Bay certain Creek, called Chelfon Bay, in or near the Parish BlU» Passed* of PlymptonSaint Mary, in the County of , and for veiling the fame, for a valuable consideration, in the Right honourable John Lord Boringdon, and his heirs, was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant a certain Creek, called Chelfon Bay, otherwise Shilston Bay, in or near the Parish of Plympton Saint Mary, in the County of Devon, and for veiling the fame, for a valuable consideration, in the Right honourable John Lord Boringdon, and his heirs.

Ordered, That Mr. Bastard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into Report on further consideration the Report from the Committee of S^rhl^n the w hole House, to wffiom the Bill for continuing the Fishery Bill, Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery from Great Britain, was committed; be " ere * now read :—And the fame being read ;—The House proceeded to take the said Report into further consideration:

—And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. -

A Clause w;as offered to be added to the Bill; that Ships returning to Ireland, shall be entitled to the fame Bounty as Ships returning to England.

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

The House proceeded to take into consideration, the Answer to Message from the Lords of yesterday, requesting this House to communicate to their Lordships the Evidence Evidence on upon which they passed the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on John now 0 * 1 Duke of Atholl, and the heirs general of the seventh Earl of Derby.

And the said Message was read.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint their Lordships, that the Commons have taken their Lordships Message of yesterday, relating to the said Bill, into consideration; but conceive that it has not been the practice of Parliament, for the Lords to desire the Evidence upon which the Commons have passed Bills of this nature; and that the Commons think this reason sufficient for not giving, at this time, any further answ'er to their Lordships Message.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the said Mef-sage.

A Motion was made, and the Question was pro- Debate on posed, That the total Amount of the Public Funded nngrthe Debt of Great Britain, was, on the 1 ft February 1803, Public Debt, *£.567,008,978.; of which *£.67,255,915. had been pur- &c-adjourned, chafed by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and £. 19,180,587. bad been transferred to them on account of Land Tax redeemed; leaving a funded Debt unredeemed of £.480,572,476.; and that

the amount of Annuities charged on Great Britain (after deducting what have fallen in) was, on the ift of February, in Short Annuities and for Lives £. 539,979. and. in Long Annuities £. 1,015,410.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the said Debate be adjourned till Tuef-day next.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into Lords consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to

, the Residence

Bill, put off for three months.

472 4° Julll . 1805.

the Bill, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Residence of Stipendiary Curates on their Cures; be now read:— And the same being read;—The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as folio wet h; viz.

Pr. i. 1. 23. After " Cure," insert " in England of " Wales."

Pr. 2. 1. 2. After " Bishop," insert " paying also " due regal’d to the nature and great-" ness of the Cure."

1. 10. After " all," insert " outgoings and."

1. 25. Leave out " who," and insert "which " Curate so licensed or so appointed." 1. 32. >After "Pounds," insert " clear of out-& 3 3. }" goings and Expences as aforesaid;"

and in line 33, after " Bishop," insert " having such regard as aforesaid." '

Pr. 3. 1-. 2. After " fame," insert " and the costs of " raising the fame."

1. 5- Leave out " the serving of," and in the " fame line, after " Cure," insert " serving the fame."

1. "j. Leave out " permit," and insert " not " himself do the Duty of his Benefice " Donative or perpetual Cure."

Pr. 4- 1* After " aforesaid," insert " and having " such regard as aforesaid."

1. 25. After " Stipend," insert " having such " rpgard as aforesaid."

1. 30. Leave out " of," and insert " not exceeding."

Pr, 5. 1. 35. Leave out " Bishop," and insert " In-" cumbent."

1. 36. Leave out from " to," to " a," in line 37, and insert " deliver to the Bishop."

Pr. 6. 1. 24. Leave out from " bound," to " it," in Press 7. 1. 8. and insert " from time " to time, in assigning or appor-" tioning the Salary or Stipend of the " Curate, and in correcting any " formerassignmentor apportionment " thereof, to take, and by writing " under his Hand, to adjudge the " amount of the annual Value as " appearing upon such Statement so " confirmed to be the actual and " full amount of the annual Value, " and the Salary or Stipend tliall be " under or thall not exceed such pro-" portion as aforesaid, of the value of " the Benefice, Donative, or per-" petual Cure, as the fame shall appear upon such Statement; and ill " all cases in which the Incumbent " tliall forbear or neglect to deliver " such Statement, and so to confirm " the fame, and also in which the " Incumbent has not held the Bene-" fice, Donative, or perpetual Cure, " for so long time as to be able to " deliver and so to confirm a State-" merit of the annual value."

Pr. 7. 1. 9. After " Bishop," insert " after hearing " the Incumbent, or giving him an " opportunity to be heard."

1. 10. After " manner," insert " from time to " time."

1. 11. After "by," insert " writing under " his hand upon."

1. 30. After " produce," insert " and upon " such appeal the Archbishop thall " by writing under his hand, ad-" judge such value from time to " time; and the value of such Bene-" fice. Donative, or perpetual Cure, " thall, for the purposes of this Act, " be deemed and taken from time to " time to be such as the fame shall

* " be adjudged to be in the manner

" directed by this Act."

I. 33. Leave out " the," and insert " any."

1. ult. Leave out from " Parish," to " and, " in Press 8. line 2. and insert " if he " can personally reside therein, and " also where he thall reside in case " he cannot have a convenient place " of residence within the Parish."

Pr. 8. 1, 4. Leave out from " and, " to " and, " in line 12; and insert "maymoreover " so long as the Curate appointed by " him thall hold the said Curacy, " direct and order the performance " of Divine Service in the Church or " Chapel belonging to the Curacy,

• " on all Sundays and other Hated

" Feasts and Falls of the Church " throughout the year, and on all " days let apart to be religiously ob-" served by any Statute, or occa-" fionally by Royal Proclamation, " according to the Rubrick and Ca-* nons, not only where the Benefice, " Donative, or perpetual Cure is lo-" cally situate within his Diocese, " but also where the Benefice, Dona-" tive, or perpetual Cure, is exempt " or subject to any peculiar Juris-" diction."

1. 18. After "Cure," insert " subject never-" theless as herein after is provided." 1. 21. Leave out " the," and insert "a," and in the fame line after " sum," insert " not exceeding the sum."

I. 22. After " year," insert " which in case " of non-payment shall be raised by " fequetlration in the same manner " as the Stipend or Salary is to be " raised, together with the costs of " raising the fame."

I.31. After "Curate," insert "fo long as he " shall be entitled to reside in the " Parsonage House."

1. ult. Leave out from " thall," to " for" in Press 9. line and insert " think " proper."

Pr. 9. 1. 8. After "of," insert " the Amount of;" " and in the fame line leave out " Deduction," and insert " Deduc-" tions."

1. 9. Leave out from "Incumbent," to " out," in line 11.

1. 13. Leave out " accruing," and insert " which shall accrue."

' 1. 15. After " fame," insert " and of the costs " of enforcing such Payment."

1. 21. Leave out from "that," to " it," in line 24, and insert " so long as the " Incumbent ft 1 all keep the Parson-" age House in his'own hands, and " tliall not part with the possession " thereof to any other person, but " thall bond fide, by himself, in each " year occasionally, and by some " part of his family generally in-" habit the fame, and thall keep " the fame in good and sufficient " repair and condition."

I. 29. Leave out " said."

1. 30. Leave out " tliall." * n

1. 31. Leave out from "Cafes," to " assign," in line 34, " and insert " may."

1. 34. Leave out from " assign," to " twenty, in line 35, and insert " to the Curate, " any turn not exceeding."

1. 36. After " thereof," insert, " Provided also, " that if after any Atlignment of the " Parsonage House to the Curate, " the Incumbent. shall be desirous,

" and

45 Geo. III. 4° Julii. 473

"and intend himself personally to " resideupon his Benefice, Donative, or perpetual Cure, and to do the " duty of the fame, or some portion " thereof, it i7ia.ll be lawful for him "to give notice of such his intention " to the Bishop and to the Curate, *’ and after the expiration of two " months from the time of giving " such notice, or sooner, if the " Bishop tliall so think fit, and upon " the Incumbent’s actually repair-"ing to the Parish with intent to " inhabit such Parsonage House, the " Assignment thereof to the Curate " shall become void and determine; " and also his authority, if any he " had, to inhabit, hold, and occupy " the gardens, stables, or glebe, or " any part thereof; but in such cases " the Bishop may, if he shall so think " fit, and whilst the appointment of " the Curate shall continue in force,

" a/sign to him any sum not exceeding the sum of twenty pounds " annum in lieu thereof, to be raised " with the cofis of raising the fame " in manner aforesaid."

Pr. 9. 1. 37. Leave out from " that" to " it," in v Press 10. 1. 7.

Pr. 10. 1. 7. After "/hall," insert " also."

1. 19. Leave out "value," and insert " nature."

1. 20. Leave out " as well as," and insert " and."

1. 21. After " terms" insert " and conditions including such as shall be " reasonable to prevent waste."

I.22. After "be" insert " held and."

1. 25. After " not " insert " in any case."

1. 30. Leave out " such," and insert " any " meadow."

1. 32. Leave out from " Incumbent" to " it," in line 34.

Pr. 11. 1. 3. After "made," insert " and the grow-" ing crops thereupon, /hall be " deemed to be the property of the " Incumbent, and the appointment,

" salary, and stipend of the Curate,

" and his authority to hold, inhabit,

" or occupy the house, garden,

" stables, glebe, or any portion ' "thereof respectively, /Kail from

" thenceforth, cease, deter-

" mine, and become void; provided " also, that in all cases in which the " Curate under the provisions of this " Act, /hall be entitled to reside in the Parsonage House, his right to " hold the glebe or any part thereof,

" shall cease and determine, when " his right to reside in the said house " shall cease and determine, unless " upon application t,hen made to the " Bishop, the Bishop shall think fit " again to assign (subject to appeal " as aforesaid) to the Curate, any " part of the glebe, not exceeding " ten acres as aforesaid, and subject " to rent and such terms and conditions as aforesaid."

I. 7. After " to," insert " reside in, inhabit,

" hold, or."

1. 22. After " Debt," insert " in which Action " the Court /hall award the Cofis to " the Party, Plaintiff, or Defendant,

" according to the event thereof."

1. 29. Leave out from " /hall" to "such," inline 30. and insert " previous to the application for."

Vol. 60.

1. 30. After "be" insert " actually," and in the fame line, after " held " insert " in " possession."

1. 31. Leave out from " Lease " to " without " in line 34, and insert " thereof, so " long as the fame shall be held under " such Lease."

1. 38. After "/hall," insert " under and accord-. " ing to the provisions of this Act."

1. 39. After " assigned," insert " augmented,

, " altered, or varied," and in the fame line after " stipend," insert " or " salary, or licensed."

1. ult. I cave out from " or" to "for," in Press 12. line 3. and insert " directed " the Curate’s residence to be in the Parsonage House, or made an " allowance in respect thereof, or di-" retied the garden or stables, or " glebe, or any part thereof respectively, to be occupied, rented, or " held by the Curate, and also in all " Cafes in which the Bi/liop shall " refuse to revoke or alter any such " Licence, Appointment, Assign-" ment, Allowance or Dire6iion,

" all and every of which it shall be " lawful for the Bishop, upon requell " made by or on the behalf of the " Incumbent, to revoke or alter, sum-" manly and without process, if he " shall think fit."

Pr. 12. 1. 19. Leave out from " require" to " And" in line 34.

Pr. 13. 1. 1. After " thereof" insert " or for such " direction or assignment respecting " the stables, garden, or glebe as " aforesaid."

1. 4. Leave out from "to" to "it" inline 16, and insert " do such aCis or any " of them."

1. 19. After " /hall" insert " in like manner " by himself, or such Commissioners,

" summarily examine the merits' of " the Appeal;" and in the fame line and line 20, after " thereupon" insert " and."

1. 20. Leave out from " order" to " as" in line 25, and insert " upon the whole " or upon any part of the matters " brought before him by such Appeal."

1. 32. After " due" insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A.) " Provided always, and be it further

" Enacted, That in all cases in which " an annual salary or stipend, or an " annual allowance in lieu of the " Parsonage House /hall be assigned " to the Curate under the provisions " of this Act, and the Curate shall " not remain in the Curacy for the " whole year, he /hall be entitled to " a due proportion of such annual " Salary or Stipend or Allowance,

" regard being had to the proportion " of the year during which he /hall " remain in the Curacy."

1. 34. After " Art," insert, " and the several " provisions therein contained."

Pr. 14. 1. 1. After " and" insert, " it shall more-" over be lawful for the Churchwar-" dens or Chapelwardens of any " Pari Hi or Chapelry, which shall be " exempt or subject to any peculiar " jurisdictioil, (other than such as " herein after is excepted) from time " to time, to make complaint to the " Bishop in whole Diocese such Pa-" rish or Chapelry shall be locally " fititate, of the 11011-residence of the 6 £ " Incumbent,

474

Clause (B.) "

1. uIt. <bulb (C.)

A. 1805.

and exercise all and every the " powers and authorities, and to do " all and every the arts, matters, and " things which such Billiop or Areli-" billiop can use, exercis'e, or do, " under or by virtue of the provisions " of this Act."

4° Jula.

« Incumbent, and the want of due " provision for the Cure; and proof " being made of the fad, in fur h " manner as the Billiop shall direct,

" to the satisfaction of the Billiop,

" who is hereby empowered to ad-• " minister an oath, it he I hull think " fit to require proof upon oath, and " which oath any Just ice of the " Peace shall also have power to ad-" minister, it shall be lawful for the " laid Billiop, subject to appeal to " the Archbishop as aforesaid, to " proceed to the augmentation of the " Curate’s salary, or appointment of " a Curate, and the assignment. of a " stipend to the Curate, together " with the use of the ParsonageHouse,

" or an allowance of a sum not exceeding twenty pounds a year in " lieu thereof; and also, the garden " and llaliles, or any part thereof;

" and likewise, any part of the " glebe, not exceeding ten acres, if " lie shall so think fit, under such " terms, rent, stipulations, and conditions as aforesaid." Also, insert " Clause (B.)"

And be it further Enacted, That if in the case of a Benefice, Donative,

" or perpetual Cure, subject to any " peculiar jurit’didiony the Bishop of " the diocese in which such Bene-" fice is locally iitnale, shall, in pur-" fnance of the authority veiled iu " him by this Act, have licensed a " Curate, and the Curate so licensed " in- inch Billiop, shall be convicted " before the Judge of the Court " exercising the peculiarjurisdiction, of any crime, gross offence, or " feandal, which may lawfully be puniilied by suspension, ab officio,

" and I'cntence of l'ufpeiifion shall " accordingly have proceeded against " him, such conviction and fenience 44 shall he certified by the Judge of " the Court of peculiar jurisdiction " to such Billiop, who shall there-" upon forthwith revoke the licence " he had granted to, or appointment " which he had made of such Cu-" rate; and such right, if any, as he " tfall have to the use of the l’ar-" fonage I Ionic, or to any stipend " or allowance in respect thereof, or 4t to the use or occupation of the " garden, ltables, or glebe, or any " part thereof respectively, and may " proceed, subject to apjieal as afore-" laid, to appoint anollier Curate,

" and assign him a sufficient stipend,

" v ith the use of the Parsonage " House, if he thinks tit, or an al-" lewance not exceeding twenty " pounds a year in lieu thereof; and 44 also, if he thinks fit. to assign to

" him, the garden, ft allies, and glebe,

" or any part thereof respectively,

" not exceeding so much of the glebe " as aforesaid, under such terms, e' rout, stipulations, and conditions " as aforesaid." And also, at the end of Clause (B.) infer4, " And he 4< it further Enabled, That."

Alter44 what liiever," insert44 Clause(C.)"

44 Provided, and lie it further Enacted,

" 1 liat it tiiall be lawful for every " Billiop and Archbishop, summarily 44 and wnhout formal process, to use

" Provided also, and be it Enacted, That " if any Incumbent of two or more " Benefices, Donatives, or perpetual

" Cures, residing in dilFerent

" portions of each avid every year " upon the fame respectively, shall " employ a Curate from time to time " upon Inch of the fame from which " hr shall be absent during his own " actual resideece upon the other " thereof, the stipend or salary to " he assigned to inch Curate, shall " not exceed a due proportion of an " annual salary, calculated accord-" ing to the provisions of this A cl, " the Billiop having regard to the " greatness of the Cure, and to the " proportion of the year during " which such Curate shall have done " or shall be engaged to do the duty " of such Benefices, Donatives, or " perpetual Cures respectively: Provided also, That in every case in " which the Billiop shall intend, under the provisions of this Atl, to " license or appoint a Curate, or to " direct the Curate’s Residence to be 44 in the Parsonage House, or to make " an allowance in respect thereof, or " to direct the garden, stables, glebe, " or any part thereof respectively, to " be occupied, rented, or held by the " Curate, or to assign, augment, " alter, or vary the Curate’s fiipend " or salary, or his allowance in lieu 44 of the Parsonage House, be shall " give to the Incumbent one caleii-" dar month’s previous notice of his " intention, in order that the Incum-" bent may 1) e\v eaul’e to the con-" traiy, of the fufticieney or infufii-" cieney of which the Billiop shall " be the Judge, fulyect to such appeal to the Archbishop as afore-" laid."

1. 13. Leave out "private."

1. 22. After " reign," insert, " and all agree-" incuts and contracts whereby any " Curate shall undertake, or in any " manner hind himself to accept, or " be content with any fiipend or "salary less than what, under the 44 provisions of this Act, or the said " Act of the thirty-sixth year of " Ills present Majofly’s reign, the " Billiop or Archbishop is enabled to " grant, and shall grant, or shall " have granted."

1. 25. Leave out from " whatsoever " to " And," in press 17. line 24. and insert, "and notwithstanding the payment and acceptance in pursuance " of any such contract or agreement

" of any sum, less than the sum " which, under such provisions, the 44 Bishop or Archbishop was enabled 44 to grant, and shall grant, or have " granted, or any receipt, discharge, 44 or acquittance, that may be given " in cases of such payment and nc-" ceptance, the Curate shall be and " remain entitled in the law, to the

" full

Pi*. 16. 1. 12. After " reign," insert " Clause (D.)" Clause (D.)

*1

'M

*5*

_Jj

45 Geo. III.

4° Ju

475

" full amount of what shall remain " unpaid of the hi pend or salary £-' granted, or to he granted, the " payment of which iJia.ll so remain " unpaid, shall, together with the " coirs of railing the fame, be en-‘‘ /breed by the Bishop, by the fame " means as lie is hereby authorized " to employ for enforcing the payment, of the whole salary or lii-

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and d'elire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Bill relating reading of the ingrossed Bill to amend so much of an Act of the forty-third year of His present Majesty, for con- Scotland, solidating certain of the provisions of the Acts, relating to Palled-the Duties in Scotland under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, as relates to the appointment of Alfelfors and Sub-collectors, and the

pend: Provided, that no sequestra- Notices required to be delivered to Persons aflefi'ed to the o.,n t... _/• *a fin.'.

Pr. r 7* 1* 34*

Clause (E.)

tiou shall, by virtue of this Act, " alleft the profits of any Benefice, 11 Donative, or perpetual Cure, be* -yond the time during which the " Benefice, Donative, or perpetual " Cure shall be held by the personliable to make the payments in " respect of which such profits shall "be lequellered."

Leave out from " howsoever," to the . end of the Bill, and insert, Provided, that no Parsonage that hath " a Vicar endowed, or perpetualCurate, and having no Cure of " fouls, shall be taken to be, or be <£ comprehended under the name ofBenefice, within the true intent " and meaning, or for the purposes " of this Act." And ,also insert " Clause (E.)"

Provided also, and be it further Enact-" cd, That not House of every

said Duties, be now read :—And the fame being read; —The said Bill was read the third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Ryder; for removing doubts respecting the allowance of poundage to Sub-distributors.

And the said Clause was read the first time; and, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend so much of an Act of the forty-third year of His present Majesty, for consolidating certain of the provisions of the Acts, relating to the Duties in Scotland under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, as relates to the appointment of Alfelfors and Sub-collectors, and the Notices required to be delivered to Persons alfeifed to the said Duties.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Consolidated reading of the ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty Fufl" j Bl11’ a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of P only the Rectory Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein Spiritual Person mentioned for the Service of Great Britain, for the year

having a lledory, but also the usual House of Residence of every Spiritual Person holding a Vicarage, Donative, or perpetual Cure, shall be deemed and taken to be a Parsonage House within the meaning1 of this Act; and all the pro-

one thousand eight hundred and five, be now read :-the fame being

And

read;—The said Bill was read the third

time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for viltons touching Residence in the the Sendee of Great Britain, for the year one thousand Rectory and Vicarage House con- eight hundred and five, and for further appropriating the

Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Louis, and dciire their concurrence.

tnmittreon ots Reunion BiiC

for bring-Coals to dun by and

igation.

id.

tained in the said Act of the thirty-" sixth year of His Majesty’s reign, " shall extend to the usual Houses of " Residence of Spiritual Persons hold-" ing Donatives or Perpetual Cures."

Ordered, Nemine Contradictmte, That the further eon-

sideration of the said Amendments be adjourned till this day three months.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better regulation of Pilots and Pilotage of Vessels navigating the British Seas, be now read :—And the fame being read; the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ilujkifon look the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. IlaJkiJJbnreported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for allowing, under certain restrictious, the bringing a limited quantity of Coal, Culm, or Cinders, to Condon and by Inland

Navigation, be now read:—And the llune being read; —The said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing, under certain restrictions, until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and six, the bringing a limited quantity of Coals, Culm, or Cinders, to London and Hf/h by Inland Navigation. 1

Vo I., fio.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Ireland— Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue, Committee on for a time to be limited, and amend several Acts for regu- Duties on*1"5 luting and securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper Paper, made in Ireland, and on Paper printed or stained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings or other fifes.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House, according to Order* resolved itself into a Ireland— Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue. Committee on for a time to be limited, and amend several Acts for regu- H«rth"f lating the Collection of the Duties in on Fire &c. Duties.

Hearths, on Dwelling Houses, on Coaches and other Carriages, on Male Servants, on Horses, and on Dogs.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr . Alexanderreported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Ireland— Committee of the whole Iloufe, upon the Bill to continue,

for Dilhlic'y.

Irehnd— Niiliraiy Survey Hill, reported.

Ireland— I>i!I respe<5nn£ Loan Ad, reported.

Ireland— Revenue Bill, deferred,

Trrl

CimLotus Regulation Billj referred.

Sugar Draw ba<.ks Hill, r l potted.

47 (3

4"—5° Jitln. A. 1805.

for a time to be limited, and amend several A els for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors distilled in Ireland, and the warehousing of such Spirits for exportation.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House w ill please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received lo-morrow.

Air. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend so much of an Act for granting to His Majesty several sums of Money for defraying the Charge of certain permanent Services in Ireland, as relates to the Military Survey of Ireland, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the Iloule; ami he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s '[able: Where the Amendments w ere once read throughout; and then a fecoad time, one by one; and, upon the Quftioa severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be re ported to the 11 on so; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a fecund time, one by one; and, upon the QiuTlion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grolTed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do make the Report PLteC^fs from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the

Bill for char ing additional Duties on the Importation of Foreign Plate Glass into Great Britain, was committed. '

Air. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments wloch the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had direefed to be reported to the I lorL; and he raid tin Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and tb.cn a fecund time, one by one; and, upon the Qurfiion Severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time To -morrow.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Rill for exempting from the Duties on Profits a riling from Proper! v, the first half-yearly Dividends on Annuities under an Act of the present Session, for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by n ay of Annuities, for the Service of Ireland, which shall not have been written into the books of the Bank of England was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a fecund time, one by one; and, upon the Qucirion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That, the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill l}c read the third time Tomorrow.

The Order of the day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Commits of «he whole House, upon the Bill to provide for the be-ter execution of the several Acts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Cust oms and Lx die;

pre-1\ lhat this House will. Tommorrow, resolve

A’ into the said Committee.

The Order of the day being read, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole I Ioufe, to whom the Bill more effectually to regulate the Collection of the Duties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported and exported into or from Ireland, and the payment of Bounties, Allowances, and Drawbacks thereon, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further consideration Tommorrow.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do make the Report Linen Draw-from the Committee of Lie whole House, to whom the bi‘tk Bill for inerealing the Drawback on Linens exported ftT°rled’ from Great Britain to the West Indies, was committed.

Air. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be* reported to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon tho QuHnon severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the I Ionic.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the third time Tommorrow.

The other Order of the day being read :—The House Committee qn resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify all Persons who have been con- Bill, corned in issuing an Order of Council and Directions, for extending the time of certain Ships continuing to perform Quarantine.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alexander took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Alexander reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment:

And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill l>o i»gro!U.il.

Ordered, That the said Bill be void the third time Tomorrow.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to amend two Acts, passed in the 43d and 45th years of His present Majesty, lbr regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, was committed.

Mr. Alexander accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had

Veneris,50 Julii;

Anno 450 Georgii IIItil Regis, 1S05.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Estates, late belonging to, and devised by the will of. Sir Joji-yk baronet, dc-

ceased.

S*r J'jfeLi Mr.t hev's

YXAcri'X

LOimuivcti.

45 Geo. III.

5°

Julii.

477

m/ftec IO-ow.

tint of ccs of !e.

lted.

ppafed, in Trufices, to be sold, and for applying the Monies arising from the fa!e thereof, in the discharge of Incumbrances and Debts, and for jay in? out the surplus in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same uses, was read a fceond time.

Re faired, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Frederic!:, Lord William Russell,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have leave to lit, and proceed upon the said Bill, Tommorrow, notwithstanding any adjournment of the House.

The TIoufe being informed, that Mr. Dennis, from the Office of the Receiver General of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Balances remaining with the Receiver General of the Excite on the 5th day of January, the 5th day of March, the 5th day of April, the 5th day of June, the y th day of July, the 5th day of September, the 5th day of October, and the 5th day of December, in each year, from the year 1793 inclusive, to the 5<h day of April last; together with an Account of the names of the persons with whom, or in whole custody, the fame have been deposited at the respective periods ;—with a Duplicate thereof.

And then he withdrew :—And tho Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Account be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

The TIoufe being informed, that Mr. from the Pod Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, a't the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Balances remaining with the Receiver General of the Post Office on the 5th day of January, the 5th day of March, the 5th day of April, the 5th day of June, the 5th day of July, the 5t.l1 day of September, the 5th day of October, and the 5th day of December, from the year 1793 inclusive, to the 5th day of April last, in the hands of Esquire,

Receiver Ge neral of the Poll Office.

And then he withdrew :—And the Title was read. Ordered, That the find Account do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Account be printed, for the Members of the TIoufe.

The said Account is inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to provide for the better execution of the several Arts in force in Ireland, relating to the Revenue of Customs and Excise; be now read :—And the fame being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this day three months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for taking into further consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill more effectually to uhs. regulate the Collection of the Duties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported and exported into or from Ireland, and the Payment of Bounties, Allowances, and Drawbacks thereon, was committed; be now read:— Atul the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken irtto further consideration upon this day three months.

62.)

n of

■4

Cd,

62.)

r Bill,

ror

mths.

nd

U

U,

Mr. Alexander, according to -Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue several Arts, for the better collertion and security of the Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for presenting Frauds therein, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the TIoufe; and be read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Vol. 60.

Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrofi'ed.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Ireland— Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill tQ continue, so:r a time to be limited, and amend several &c. Duties,’ Arts for regulating the Collection of the Duties in Ire- r«Ported-land on Fire Hearths, on Dwelling Houses, on Coaches and other Carriages, on Male Servants, on Horses, and on Dogs, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Ireland— Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, and amend several reporttT.’ Arts for regulating and securing the Co EM ion of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors distilled in Ireland, and the warehousing of such Spirits for exportation, wa< committed; the Amendments which the Commutee had made to the Bill, and which they had din ged h m to report to the House; and he read Hie Report in If s place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with tlm Amemments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a second ’line, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed..

Mr. Alexander, according to Order, reported from the Ireland— Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, and amend several paper. Arts for regulating and Louring the Collection of the reported. Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and on Paper printed or stained in Ireland,'to serve for Hangings or other uses, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they bad di-rerted him to report to the TIoufe; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments, were once read throughout; and then a second time, one b}r one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Ilnjlcijfan, according to Order, reported from the pilot* Reeu-

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for )ation the better Regulation of Pilots and Pilotage of Vefi’ols navigating the British Seas, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards ‘ delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further put off fora consideration upon this day month. month.

Ordered, That the said Bill, as amended, be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third Linen Draw*

reading of the ingossed Bill for increasing the Drawback on Linens exported from Great Britain to the West Indies; be now read:—And the fame being read; the said Bill was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for increasing the Drawback on Linens exported from Great Britain to the West Indies.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their concurrence.........

6 F * Ordered

back Bill pulled.

j

• TrrUnd—

BC] rd'pectii 1 in Ad, p.itfed.

5u?ar T>r\w-b:ick$ Bill, palfed.

He Cl,f5

I'ry Bill,

polled.

Quarantine

Iinlc nihiry

Bill, pulltd.

Hop Duty Bill, passed.

v’rry Bi»l,

t:ifcVlU

O'

7 *

Hill.

J

478 a

Ordered, That the Order of the day; for the third read's ing of the ingrossed Bdl for exempting from the Du: ns on Profits arising from Property, the first half-ycai !v Dividends on Annuities under an Act of the present Sefiiun, for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, determined by way of Annuities, for the Service ot Ireland) which shall not have been written into the Books of the Bank of England; be now read And the same being read ;—The said Pill was read the third time.

Refalved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for exempting from the Duiins on Profits arising from Property, the first half-yearly Dividends on Annui- to the fame, without any Amendment rics under an Act of the present Session, for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thou fund Pounds, by way of Annuities, for the Service of Ireland, which shall not have been written into the Books of the Bank of England.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

A. 1805.

Orders 1, Ti'fit Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of John Moore with Barbara Brabazon his now wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned; was read the third time.

Bcfolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed

Moo’•p’s I/iVOTt paficii.

palfed.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed Bill to amend two Aids, pafl'od in the 43d and 43 th years of 11 is present Majesty, for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, he now road :—And the fame being rend ;—The said Bill was read the third time.

Befo'vcd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to amend two Aids, pnfled in the forty-third and forty-fifth years of His present Majesty, for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the exportation of Sugar from Circat Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, far the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for charging additional Duties on the Importation of Foreign Plate Olafs into Great Britain, !>e now read :—And the fame being read ;—The said Bill was read the third time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Gardner'! dilTolvc the Marriage of the Honourable Hyde

Gardner with Maria Elizabeth and to enable him to marry again, and for other purposes therein mentioned; was read the third time.

Befblved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; ami acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Ormfimreported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of

Petition of Franc/ ' Collier.James- Lloyd, Major., w.'j'.’M51

Birhard Me fan, William Chambers, Robert F.ieVtij

Th omas Squire, Poc~ele John Ilardiman, and John Frost, Ives and others, was r^fTrod: to

on behalf of themrel examine the matter thereof, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Com-

CoTmtHff reported, and rc-tOfftiiiiUtd.

mi tree had examined the matter of the food Petition, and had come to fivernl Resolutions thereupon, which they had directed biro to report to the House-: m.;J he read the Report :u his place; ami afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be rc-commbted.

Ordered, That the ibid Report he rc-committed to the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred.

A Menace from the Lords, by Mr. Smith and Mo The Lord* Simeon: ' , .. bive^i

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Militia os to empower His Majesty to retain, upon Full Pay Allowances, Odicers of the Militia, during the War, notwithstanding1 the Reduction; without any Amendment:

And also*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Billtoawnd to explain and amend an Act, made in the lafi Semon of Co:nAit* J Parliament, to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act PalaceVanJ for purchasing certain Buildings and Ground in and near PaUice Yard Wefhnivjler, for the use of the Public g without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act H^wch Hu* for granting a certain sum of Money towards improving bourfil1’ the Harbour on the North fide of the I Till of Ilowth, near Dublin, and rendering it a fit situation for His Majesty’s Packets; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for erecting Toll Bars and levying Tell Duties on the "

Road from Dunfermline to Niving^tone, in the Counties of Fife and Khirofs, and for making a new Turnpike Road from Saline towards the North Queens fern; Road, in the said County of Fife; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Beared, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for charoing additional Duties on the Importation of Foreign Plate Glass into Great Britain.

Ordered, That Mr. A! xander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the day, for the third reading of the ingrossed P>ill to indemnify all Persons, who have been concerned in hiding an Order of Council and Directions, for extending the time of certain Ships continuing to perform Quarantine, be now read :—And the fame being read ;—The said Bill was read the third time.

Refoh'cd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act. to indemnity ail Persons, who have been concerned in i fining an Order of-Couneil and Direct ions, for extending the time of certain Ships continuing to perforin Quarantine.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do cany the Bill to the Lords, and dehro their concurrence.

- The iugroiTed B:l: for reducing the Duty of Excite on Hops, the growth of Great Britain, was, according to Cider, read the thud rime.

Jielblxed, 7 hal the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for redo ring the Duty of Excise on Hops, the gro wth of Great Britain.

Ordered, That, Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lord-, and uAire their concurrence.

Ordered, Tint the Order of the day, for the third reading of \ lie ing o r d Bill to amend so much of an Act, for granting to His Majesty several Sums of Money for behaving the charge of certain permanent Services in Ireland, as relates to the Military Survey of Ireland, be now read:—A; d the fame being read;—The said Bill was read the third time.

Jiefhlvrd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act. to amend so much of an Act, for granting to His Majesty several Sums of Money for defraying the charge of certain permanent Services in Ireland, as relates to the Military Survey An Ireland. , .

Mr. Iluftxiffon presented to the House, pursuant to the Returns of directions of several Acts of Parliament;—Returns of the Qiiiilifications of Deputy Lieutenants and MilitiaOfiicers, offices, which have been transmitted to His Majesty’s principal PreJonteJ* Secretary of State for the Home Department, since those lad presented to the House :—Together with a List :■—-And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table.

The said Returns are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Selhon.

The

45 Geo. 111.

5° jtu

479

statenont of The House lining informed, that Mr. Fowler, (from Rt^ of ^,e Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes,

Jf attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, JUna rax, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of an p.idented. _^ft. of Parliament,

A Statement of the amount of Expences incurred for the Payment of Salaries to the Commissioners Clerks and Officer.;, under the Acts for the Redemption of the Land Tax, and for discharging the incidental Expences atiending the execution of those Acts, from the 5th April 1804 (the period to which the lad Statement was rnhde up) to the 5th April 13oq.

And then he withdrew.: And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Statement do lie upon the Table.

The laid Statement is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

rehnt— An ingrossed Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, -onrij ar<^ amend fevers! Acts for regulating and feenring the Collection of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors diddled in I re‘and, and the v'arehouling of fwch Spirits for Exportation: v. as read the third time.

Be.fidred, That, the P;!l do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six, and amend several Acts for re m daring and looming the Collection of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors diddled in Ireland, and the warehousing of lueh Spirits for Exportation.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and ddire their concurrence.

1. 28. To leave out " criminate" and insert " expose" instead thereof.

1. 29. After " might" to insert " therefore."

1. 34. After " Persons," to insert " against " any criminal Prosecutions and civil " Suits in respect thereof."

Pr. 2. 1. 32. After " Persons," 10 insert, " or in

" ref)>eft of any public Money uferl " or applied by him or them con-. " trary to law."

Pr. 3. 1. 11. After "they," to insert "may have

" incurred or become subject to, or " which he or they."

1. 12. After " fuhieft to," to insert, " and " also of, from, and against all Pro-" fecutions, Informations, and Suits, " criminal or civil, at the suit of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, "or any other Person or Persons."

1. 14. To leave out from " thing" to " and" in 1. 18. and insert " done by him or " them, or of any Money used or applied by him or them contrary to law, during the time he or they " shall have held his or their Office " or Offices," instead thereof.

Pr. 4. 1. 8. After " incapacities," to insert, " or

" any Prosecutions, Informations, or " Suits."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

*m'!~ An ingrossi'd Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, Befidved, That the Bill do pads: And that the Title be, rupefting anq amend several Acts for regulating and feeui ing the An Act to indemnify ail Persons who shall give evidence er, puffed. Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and against Henry Lord Viscount upon the Tin pea ch-

on Paper printed or Rained in Ireland, to serve for ment voted against him by the Commons of the United Hangings or other uses; was read the third time. Kingdom of Great and I eland, in Parliament

Jfef)lved, That the Jhil do pass: And that the Title be, a Hem bled, in respect of any act done by such Persons, in An Act to continue, until the 29th day of September one any office or employment held by them under the said thousand eight hundred and six, and amend several Acts Ix>rd Viscount Melville; during the rime he held and

cc

cc

for regulating and fee tiring the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and on Paper printed or Rained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings, or other ules.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords, and licfire their concurrence.

enjoyed the office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy.

Ordered, That Mr. IVhi‘bread do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

id—

Befolved, IS emine Con1rad>ren*e, Thr-t an humble Ad- Affffrefs dress be presented to His Majesty, That he will be Ah ingrossal Bill to continue, for a time to be limited, graeiously pleased to direct such Remuneration as His Mr. Colman.

and amend several Acts for regulating the Collection of Majesty shall think proper, to be made to Edward y'iucs*’ the Duties in Ireland on Eire Hearths, on Dwelling mEsquire, late Serjeant at Arms attending this House, *• Houses, on Coaches and other Carriages, on Male Ser- for his long and faithful services in the discharge of the rants, cn Hones, and on Dogs; was read the third Duties of that Office; and to a flu re His Majesty, that time. this House will make good the lame.

Be lived, That flic Bill do pass: Arid that the Title be. Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His An Aftfto continue, until the twenty-ninth day of Sep- Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of His tember one thouiund eight hundred and six, and amend Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council, several Acts fer regulating the Collection of (be Duties

in Ireland on Eire Hearths, cn Dwelling Houses, on An ingrossed Bill to continue several Acts for the better Ireland— Coaches and other Carriages, on Male Servants, on collection and security of the Revenues of Custotns and Horfwa and cn Hccw Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein, lection Bill,

Ordered, That Mr.- Alexander do carry the Bill to was read the third time. paiied.

the Lords, and defiro their concurrence. Refok'-ed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of Sep-Tiie T Ionic, according to Order, resumed the adjourned tember one thousand eight hundred and six, several Acts Proceeding upon the third reading of the ingrossed Bill for the better collection and security of the Revenues of to imlcmuifv a I! Persons who shall give evidence against Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds JJenrn Lord Viscount Melville, upon the Impeachment therein.

voted agnitif; him by tie. Commons of the United King- Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the dom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament af- Lords, and desire their concurrence, fumbled, in respect of any act done by such Persons, in

any office or cmyh»vmcr.t. held by them under the said The ingrossed Bill for continuing the Premiums al- Southern Lord Viscount. Melville, during the time he held and lowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fishery enjoyed the office of TreasurcV oi lEis Majesty’s Navy. from Great Britain, was, according to Order, read the passed.

The Amendments- following were severally proposed third time, to be, made to the Bill; viz. Be/oked, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

Tes

'lity

tiled.

'L\ I.

1.23. After " (lone,"

w lie Money i

1.24. After " them,11

" law/*

,1. :7- After cc them/’

lone," to insert "and ofpub- An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships 1 or applied." employed in the Southern Whale Fisherv.

insert " contrary to Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry' the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

- Vol. 60.

plication of such Money."

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten, of the Clock.

480

Lutice, 8° die;

Anno 45° Georgii IIIt,‘ Regis, 1805.

8° Julii. 1805.

Refuted, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the above Sums /Jiould be respectively paid to the said Witnesses, by George Boulton Mainwaring, Esquire, at whose instance they were summoned.

Prayers.

'm J<jre’!.h C IR John Frederick reported from the Committee, to EibTc Bin, whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

reported, and A a for veiling certain Estates late belonging to, and de-passed. vised by the will of Sir Mao'bey, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies arising from the sale thereof in the discharge of ^Incumbrances And Debts, and for laying out the surplus in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the •Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill . to the Mouf1, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:—And the said Sid was read the third time.

Rcfotei, Tht the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath 'agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Estimate of the Sum necessary to be provided for paying the or^r^.’ Salaries of the Comptrollers and Inspector of Lottery Offices in Ireland, for one year, ending 24th day of June

1805.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Estimate of the Sum necessary to be provided for paying the Salaries of the Commissioners for certifying outstanding Prizes in the various Lotteries, for one year, ending the 25th day of August 1805.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Estimate of the Sum necessary to be provided for paying the Salaries of the Commissioners for granting Licences, their Secretaries and Clerks, for the half year ending the 25th day of December 1804.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Estimate of the Sums necessary to be provided for paying the.

Salaries of the Commissioners for granting Licences, their Secretaries and Clerks, for the half year ending the 24th day of June 1805. "

F.-.iMington An ingrossed Bill from the Lords., intituled, An Act for Ertate Bill, enlarging the powers of an Act, passed in the 35th year commute . ^;|ir rejrr.n of His present Majesty, intituled, " An A'1!

" for enabling the Lord Hilltop of London to grant a " Lease, with powers of renewal, of Lands in the Parish " of Paddington, in the County of r, for the purpose of building upon," was read a fecund time.

Retted, That the Bill he committed to Sir John Frederick, Ia>rd William Ru/Tcll, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Committee Ordered, That the said Committee have leave to fit, morro»°' and proceed upon the said Bill, Tommorrow.

Lords The House proceeded to take into consideration, the

Amuidment Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, t0worth°nar An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of incinfure Bill, icorfh, in the County of Middlesex. agreed to. And the said Amendment was read; and is as followed; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 20. Leave out from " aforesaid" to " and" in 1. 22.

The said Amendment being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Re committed Mr. Ormfny reported from the Committee to whom the

retition'of P‘cPort 'Vils re-committed, which was made from the WimeiTe" at Committee, to whom the Petition of Francis Collier, James Mi.idicfex Lloyd, Robert Mason, Richard William Chambers,

Committee, Lcaper Percy, Thomas Squire, Pocockc John

repotud. diman, and John Frojl, of behalf of themselves and others,

was referred; to examine the matter thereof, and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House; That the Committee had further examined the matter of the said Petition, and had come to several Resolutions thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the fame was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon consideration of the Evidence given by the several Witnesses, Your Committee have come to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mr. John Frofi, Mr. Robert Lcaper Percy, and Mr. Thomas Squire, lhouUl be alluwcd for nine days attendance 2ov. per day.

J?r/c/w/, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mr. Ft ■r/m'is Collier, Mr. James L Mr. Robert,

Mr. Richard Mason, Mr. William Chambers, and Mr. Pocockc John Hardiman, should be allowed for nine days attendance, toy. per day.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lnppino'i for naturalizing Thomas Luppino, was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed*© Mr. Baldwin,

Sir John William Anderson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Innkeepers and Victuallers of the potion of Borough of Douche ster, was presented to the House, and of

read; lotting forth. That the Allowance by Government to the Soldier in Barracks or Quarters, is three quarters of a pound of Meat and one pound of Bread per day; and if the House would order such quantity of Meat and Bread pc day ar might be thought sufficient to be provided by the Innkeeper or Victualler for the Soldier, on the March or in Quarters, it would be the means of giving great satisfaction, both to the Innkeeper and Soldier, and prevent a deal of misunderllanding as well as wade: And therefore praying for such relief as the House may dtem necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition do life upon the Table.

Statement «f

Balances of Stamp Office, presented.

The House being informed, that Mr. Tilby, from the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamps, attended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Statement of Balances in the hands of the Receivers General of the Stamp Duties, from the 5th day of January x 793 to the 5th day of April 1805.

And then he withdrew: And the Title was read.

Ordered, That the said Statement do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the said Statement be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Statement is inserted in the Appendix to JpptnA*. this Volume. (No. 62.)

The House being informed, that Mr. Jolivfon, from the i^nd— Office of the Chief Secretary for Ireland, attended at the

door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the J,r^nt* House, pursuant to their Orders, ’

Estimate of the Sum necessary to be provided for paying the Salaries of the Comptrollers and Inspector of Lottery Offices in Ireland, for one year, ending the 24th

day of June 1805: And also,

Estimate of the Sum necessary to be provided for paying the Salaries of the Commissioners for certifying outstanding Prizes in the various Lotteries, for one year, ending the 25th day of August 1805: And also,

Estimate of the Sum necessary to be provided for paying the Salaries of the Commissioners for granting Licences, their Secretaries and Clerks, for the half year ending the 25th day of December J804 j, And also,

4 ' Estimate

Lotteries.

ne

8°

50/i/tX,

>• 74-)

3on’s

:mge

nitted.

irrnttee r Toro w.

Lords i a^rted o

w Platting ill.

'Utor* of: mints till.

iliery Bill.

in Pay.

miflion-

Bui.

Har-

Bill.

d— Red Bill.

i—

»tding

rics.

Bill.

45 Geo. III.

Estimate of the Sums necessary to be provided for paying the Salaries of the Commissioners for granting Licences, their Secretaries and Clerks, for the half year ending the 24 th dav of June 1805.

And then he withdrew:—And the Titles were read. Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table.

The said Estimates are inserted in the Appendix to this Volume.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming certain Building ix*ases of Lands in Walworth, in the Parish of Saint Mary in the County of Surrey, granted by the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, jointly with their Lessees, Henry Benton, Esquire, and Samuel Brandon and Thomas Brandon, Esquires, contrary to the provisions of an Act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of His present Majesty; and for establishing Exchanges of three l'niall pieces of Freehold and Leasehold Lands between the said Dean and Chapter and the said Samvel Brandon, and the Trustees under the will of the said Thomas Brandon, deceased; and for empowering the said Dean and Chapter, and their Lessees for the time being of their Estates in Walworth, to grant building Leases of parts of the said Premises, and for other the purposes therein mentioned; was read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

•Mr. Giles, &c.: And they are' to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have leave to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill, Tommorrow.

A Menage from the Lords, by Mr. Stratford and Mr. Harvey:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agrepd to the Bill, intituled, An Act for charging additional Duties of Customs on Straw Platting, and on Straw Hats or Bonnets, imported into Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing additional Commissioners for the better examining and auditing certain of the Public Accounts of Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for better regulating the distilling of Spirits in for exportation to Scotland, and in Scotland for exportation to England; for the better securing the Duties payable thereon; and for altering the time of making Entry and granting Licences todiftil Spirits for;

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to appoint Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities or Abuses which may have taken place in conducting and managing the paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin, and to provide for the Suf-pension of the Powers and Authorities of the Corporation of Directors and Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets, and for veiling the fame ‘mother Persons during such Suspension; and for the better con-dufting and managing the business of the said Corporation; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury of Great Britain to advance a certain Sum of Money to the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of. Edinburgh, towards the completion of the Docks and other works in the Harbour of Leith-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for charging, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, an additional Duty on Syanish Red Wine imported into Ireland-, without any Amendment: And also,

T1 ie Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the fifth year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for erecting and establish-" ing Public Infirmaries or Hospitals in this Kingdom without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Vol. 60.

Hutton's Ambo Inclosure Bill*

481

to revive and continue an Act, made in the thirty-first year of I lis present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the " Encouragement of the Pilchard Fishery, by allowing " a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, and " exported without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Dublin to repeal several Acts, passed in the Parliament of Ire- Baker* *l11-land, for regulating the Baking Trade in the City and County of Dublin, and Liberties thereof, and for better regulating the said Trade; and for preventing Frauds in the buying and selling of Com; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing the Award and Decree made and passed on the division and inclosure of Lands in the Township of Huttons Ambo, in the North Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by Amendments this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting part to, Legir.1?.* of the settled Estates of Sir John Legard, Baronet, in E l* 1 Trustees, to be sold, with the approbation of the High Court of Chancery, and for applying part of the Purchase Monies in paying off Incumbrances on such Estates, and in reimbursing to him the Sums required by the Commissioners acting in the execution of several Acts for inclosing and draining such Estates, and for laying out the residue of the purchase Monies in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former uses; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of All Saints, in the Town of Lexers, in the County of Suffer, and for repairing the lower thereof, with feme Amendments; to winch Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Report of further consideration, the Report which was made from the Committee appointed to draw up Articles of Impeachment against Henry Lord Viscount Melville.

Ordered, That the said Articles be now read a second time. Article by Article.

And the Preamble to the said Articles being read a second time;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made there* to, by inferring after the word " be," the words " ijn " some respects;" by leaving out the words "frequent,

" long, and;" by leaving out the words " public Accounts," and inferring the word " matters" instead thereof; by inferring after the word " Commons," the words " and for preventing all future abuse and mif-" application of the Public Money issued for Navy " Services."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question. severally put thereupon; agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said Preamble, so amended, be the Preamble to the Articles of Impeachment against the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville.

The first Article being read a second rime;

Resolved, That the said Article be one of the Articles of Impeachment against the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville.

Lewes

Church Bill, with Amendments.

Impeachment, con littered*

The second Article being read a second time;

Retfolved, That the said Article be one other of the Articles of Impeachment against the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville.

The third Article being read a second time;

Resolved, That the said Article be one other of the Articles of Impeachment against the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville.

The fourth Article being read a second time;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the word " fourth," and inferring the word " fifth " instead thereof; by leaving out the words " That during the time the said Alexander Trotter held " and enjoyed the said Office of Paymaster to the said " Henry Lord Viscount Melville as aforesaid, and whilst " the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville held and en-

6 G " joyed

A. 1805.

" joyed the said Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s * Navy as aforesaid, he the said Alexander Trailer kept " with the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville aivAccount " current, entered in certain Books of Account, con-" taming Entries of all the Sums paid and received by " the said Alexander Trotter on the account of the said *# Henry Lord Viscount Melvilleand by Agreement be-" tween the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville and the " said Alexander Trotter, bearing date the 18th and 23d " days of February 1803, it is dated, that they had either " mutually delivered up to each other, or resolved and " agreed mutually to cancel or destroy all the Vouchers " or other Memorandums and Writings that at any time " theretofore might have gxifted, passed, or been inter-" changed between them, relative to the said Accounts, " and the different Items and Articles of which the said " Accounts were composed or consisted; and the said " Books of Account containing the said Account Cur-" rent, together with all Vouchers or other Memoran-" dums and Writings in the possession of the said r-" ander Trotter, and also of the said Henry Lord Vif-" count Melville, relative thereto, were burnt and de-" ltroyed by the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville " and Alexander Trotter, and the said llipulation contained in the said Agreement, for the said Henry Lord " Viscount Melville and Alexander Trotter mutually " delivering up to each other, or for mutually cancelling " and destroying all the said Vouchers or other Memo-" randoms or Writings relative to the said Account, was " so entered into, and the said Books of Account, * Vouchers, Memorandums and Writings were so burnt " and destroyed, with a view to conceal and prevent the " discovery of the several Advances of Money made by " the said AlexanderTrotter to the said Henry Lord Vif-

" count Melville, and of the several Accounts or C011-" siderations for or upon which the fame were so ad-" vanced."

And the said Amendments were? upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said Article, so amended, be one other of the Articles of Impeachment against the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville.

The fifth Article being read a second time;

Several Amendments were proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the word " fifth" and inl’erting the word " sixth" in (lead thereof; by leaving out the words

and for the purpose of more effectually concealing the " said Advances of Money, the said Books of Account, " Vouchers, Memorandums and Writings were so as " aforesaid burnt and destroyed," and inserting the words " That during the time the said Alexander Trotter held " and enjoyed the said Office of Paymaster to the said " Henry Lord Viscount Melville as aforesaid, and whilst " the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville held and en-" joyed the said Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s " Navy as aforesaid, he the said Alexander Trotter kept " with the said Henry l>ord Viscount Melville an Ac-*/ count current entered in certain Books of Account, " containing Entries of all the Sums paid and received " by the said Alexander Trotter on the account of the " laid Henry Lord Viscount Melville, and by Agreement " between the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville and " the said Alexander Trotter, bearing date the iSth and " 23d days of February 1803, it is stated, that they had " either mutually delivered up to each other, or resolved " and agreed mutually to cancel or destroy all the " Vouchers or other Memorandums and Writings that at " any time theretofore might have existed, past, or been " interchanged between them, relative to the said Ac-" cuunts, and the different Items and Articles of which " the said Accounts were composed or consisted; and " the said Books of Account containing the said Account " current, together with all Vouchers or other Memo-" randoms and Writings in the polVeflion of the said " Alexander Trotter, and also of the said Henry Lord " Viscount Melville relative thereto, were burnt and " destroyed by the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville " and Alexander Trotter, and the said llipulation contained in the said Agreement, for the said Henry Lord " Viscount Melville and Alexander Trotter, mutually

" delivering up to each other, or for mutually cancelling " and destroying all the said Vouchers or other Memo-" randums or Writings relative to the said Account, was " so entered into, and the said Books of Account,

" Vouchers, Memorandums, and Writings were lb burnt " and destroyed, with a view to conceal and prevent the " difeov ery of the several Advances of Money made by " the said Alexander Trotter to the said Henry Lord " Viscount Melville, and of the several Accounts or " Considerations for or upon which the fame were so " advanced," instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said Article, so amended, be one other of the Articles of Impeachment against the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville.

The sixth Article being read a second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the word " sixth," and inserting the word " seventh" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said'Article, so amended, be one other of the Articles of Impeachment against the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville.

The seventh Article being read a second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the word " seventh," and inserting the word " eighth" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said Article, so amended, be one other of the Articles of Impeachment against the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville.

The eighth Article being read a second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving out the word "eighth," and inserting the word " ninth" instead thereof.

And the said Amendment was,*upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the said Article, so amended, be one other of the Articles of Impeachment against the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville.

Then Nr.‘Whitbread prefi nted to the I louse another Another Article of Impeachment against the said Hairy Lord Viscount Melville:—And the fame was read; and is as ^Vedta followeth; viz.

4th Article.

That after the said 10th day of January 1786, and -whilst the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville held and enjoyed the said Office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, the said Alexander Trotter did, with the privity, or by the connivance and permission of the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville, place Sums of Money, issued from His Majesty’s Exchequer unto the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, on account of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, and drawn, received, and taken by him the said Alexander Trotter from the Governor and Company of the'Bank of England, in the hands of Mark Sprott and other Persons, and did apply and life the fame for purposes of private advantage or interest, profit and emolument, or for purposes other than Navy Services.

The said Article being read a second time;

Resolved, That the said Article be one olber of the Articles of Impeachment against the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville.

1

Ordered, That the said Articles be ingrossed.

Ordered, That a Clause be prepared, faring liberty clause tarn* to the Commons to exhibit any further Articles against the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville-, and that he Ar.kks. may be put ter an fiver the said High Crimes and Mil-demeanors.

Ordered, That the Committee, appointed to draw up the said Articles of Impeachment, do withdraw immediately, to prepare the said Clause.

Mr. Whitbread reported from the said Committee,

That they had, pursuant to the Order of the I louse, prepared a Clause, saving liberty to the Commons to exhi-4 ‘bit

45 Geo. III. 8°—9

483

bit any further Articles of Impeachment against the said Henri) I.ord Viscount Melville, and that he may be put to answer the Articles of Impeachment of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against him; and he read the Report in his place; and afterwards delivered the Clause in at the Clerk’s Table: Whore the fame was read, and is as folio wet h; r/.r.

And the said Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, by pro-testation faring to themselves the liberty of exhibiting at any times hereafter, any further Articles or further Accusations or Impeachment against the said Henry Lord Viscount Melville; and also of replying to the Answers which he shall make unto the said Articles or any of ihejn, and of oflering proof of all and every the aforesaid Articles, and of all and every other Articles, Impeachment, or Accusation which shall be exhibited by them, as the case shall, according to the course of Parliament require; Do pray, That the said Lord Viscount

Melville may be put to answer the said Crimes and Misdemeanors; and that Inch Proceedings, Examinations, Trials, and Judgments may be thereupon had and given, as are agreeable to law and justice.

The said Clause being read a second time, was, upon the Hue ft ion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Clause be ingrossed with the said Articles of Impeachment.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an a: Account of the Produce of the Permanent Taxes, and of

"nt the War Taxes; dist.inguilimig each respectively in the year and quarter ending 5th July 1804, and the year and quarter ending 5th July 1805. idated Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums paid into, and the Charges upon, the Consolidated Fund, in the quarter ending 5th July 1805.

•oa The House was moved, That the Order, made upon - Thursday last, for resuming, Tommorrow, the adjourned Dtiir, Debate upon the Motion respecting the Total Amount "iff of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, might be li:d‘ read :—Aral the fame being read;

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till Wedoefday next.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow •Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 9° die Jidii;

Anno 450 Georgii III'11 Regis, 1805. Prayers.

ton CJIR Jehu Frederick reported from the Committee, to ' ^1 O whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the 35th year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling the Lord Bishop of London to grant a Lease, with Powers of renewal, of Lands in the " Parish o i Paddington, in the County of for the purpose of building upon," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the satisfuftion of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table:—And the said Bill was read the third time.

jointly with their Ixfffees, Henry Benton, F.squire, and Samuel Brandon and Thomas Brandon, Esquires, contrary

to the provisions of an Act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of His present Majesty; and for establishing Exchanges of three small pieces of Freehold and Lease-hold Lands between the said Dean and Chapter and the said Samuel Brandon, and the Trustees under the will of the said Thomas Brandon, deceased; and for empowering the said Dean and Chapter, and their Lessees for the time being of their Estates in Walworth, to grant Building Leases of parts of the said Premises, and for other the purposes therein mentioned; ufas committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to th® satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table :—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Calcraft do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whofti Luppino’* the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Nat- Bill, naturalizing Thomas Luppino, was committed; That the pated!*1, Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any AmendmentAnd he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table :—And the said Bill was read the third time.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House proceeded to take into consideration, the Lords Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of All Saints, in Church Bill, the Town of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, and for *Kreed to-repairing the Towrer thereof.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as so’loweth; viz.

Pr. 19. I.34. After " aforesaid " insert "being duly " instituted and indufted. "

Pr. 26. I. 8. After " Aft" insert " such Sale being " confirmed by a Faculty obtained " in the Consistorial Court of the " Bishop of the Diocese for the time " being. "

The said Amendments being severally read a fecoitd time, were, upon the Hueftion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Fuller do carry the Bill to th®

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The ingrossed Articles of Impeachment of High Articles of

Crimes and Misdemeanors against Henry Lord Viscount impeachment

.7/ , . 1 0 to be carried

Melville, being read; to the Lord*.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitbread do carry the said Articles of Impeachment to the Lords.

Mr. Whitbread reported, That he had delivered to the Report of Lords, and left with their Lordships, the ingrossed Articles beelTdeli*"5 of Impeachment of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, vered.61* ' against Henry Lord Viscount Melville.

Befolved, That the Bill do pass. Mr. Hujkiffon presented to the House, pursuant to Accounts of

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick do carry the Bill to their Orders, Duties of the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath An Account of all Duties of Customs in Great Britain ^cife* agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. charged and outstanding on the 5th January and the 5th presentefl.

April in the years 1804 and 1805, respectively; dif-Mr. Calcraft reported from the Committee, to whom tinguidiing the several Articles, and temporary from the ingrossed Bill fi’om the Lords, intituled, An Act for permanent Duties: And also,

confirming certain Building Leases of Lands in Walworth, An Account of all Duties of Excise in Great Britain in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of charged and outstanding on the 5th of January and the Surrey, granted by the Dean and Chapter of Canterbury, 5th of April in the years 1804 and 1805, respectively;

484

9°—10"

A. 1805.

distinguishing the several Articles, and temporary from permanent Duties; so for as relates to the Revenue of Excise in England.

And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table.

' Ordered, "Hint the said Accounts be printed, for the Members of the I louse.

The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

the Proceed* ^r* Whitbread, from the Committee appointed to ings a^init" draw up A rticles of Impeachment against Henry Lord Lord Melville, Viscount Melville, acquainted the House, That lie was ordered1. directed, by the said Committee, to move the House, that leave be given to bring in a Bill, to continue the Proceedings, now depending in the House of Commons, upon Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Mifde-meanors against Henry Lord Viscount Melville, notwithstanding the Prorogation or Diflblution of Parliament; and that the Committee, appointed by the said House to prepare the said Articles, may continue to fit notwithstanding such Prorogation.

And Mr. Whitbread moved the House accordingly.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out from the word " Parliament " to the end of the Question.

And the said proposed Amendment and Motion, were severally, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to

?rovide, that the Proceedings, now depending in the louse of Commons, upon Articles of Charge of 1 ligh Crimes and Misdemeanors, which have been exhibited against Henrtj Lord Viscount Melville, shall not be difeon-tinned by any Prorogation or Diflblution of Parliament: And that Mr. Whitbread, Mr. Fox, Mr. Grey, Mr.

Sheri'an, Lord Henry Petty, Lord Viscount Mar (ham, Mr. Giles, Lord Viscount Folkestone, Mr. Raine, I)o6tor Lawrence, Mr. Creevy, Mr. Holland, Mr. Caleraft, Mr. Kinnaird, Lord Porchester, Lord Archibald Hamilton, Mr. Williams Wynn, Mr. Jekyll, Mr. Morris, the Earl Temple, and Mr. Serjeant Bejl, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend two Acts, passed in the forty-third and forty- Bui.' fifth years of His present Majesty, for regulating the D rawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hop Duty for reducing the Duty of Excise on Hops, the growth of B,n-Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill retain

to amend so much of an Act, of the forty-third year of to A(Te(rft

Taxes

frier

hdoiiirf

Fishery Bill.

His present Majesty, for consolidafing certain of the pro- scotSni visions of the Acts relating to the Duties in Scotland, under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, as relates to the appointment of Assessors and Sub-collectors, and the Notices required to be delivered to Persons assess'cd to the said Duties; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Q.iamv.:ne to indemnify all Pertous who have been concerned in indemnity iffuingan Order of Council and Directions, for extending 11' the time of certain Ships continuing to perform Quarantine; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act SoutWr* for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed Whalf lit the Southern Whale Fishery; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for exempting from the Duties on Profits arising from Property, the first half-yearly Dividends on Annuities under an Act of the present Session for raising the sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities, for the Service of Ireland, which fi.all not ha*e been written into the books of the Bank o without any Amendment: And a1 lb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six, and amend several Acts for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors distillerl in Ireland, and the ware-houiirtg of such Spirits for Exportation; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend so much of an Act, for granting to His Ma-

j;iSW

f'rbaa

d iwlr

r‘Z Aj2t& XX

so

Bil

r: Affitad

Ireland—

BiUrelpccting

Loan Act*

!:c;:urt

Ireland—

.rta

Mi

lx

jesty several Sums of Money for defraying the charge

Ireland-Military Survey Bill.

Mercuniy 10°;

Anno 45* Georgii III1’1 Regis, 1805.

Ireland—

Culton? ^nd Excise Colic dlion Bdl.

Prayers.

AnlWrs to Addresses.

IORD Viscount Stopford reported to the House, That

their Address of the ift day of this instant July (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give "directions, that the Reports therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that lie will give directions accordingly.

Lord Viscount Stopford also reported to the House, that their Address of Friday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to direct such remuneration, as His Majesty should think proper, to be made to Edward Col-man, Esquire, late Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his long and faithful Services in the discharge of the Duties of that office) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that lie will give directions, as desired by the said Address.

Ireland— Duties on Paper,

Ireland— Bill refitting

,e Lords ;e agreed

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Stratford and Mr. Harvey

ifn Praw-k Bill.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for incroafing the Drawback on Linens exported from Great Britain to the West Indies; without any Amend-

ment: And also.

of certain permanent Services in Ireland, as relates to the Military Survey of Ireland-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninffi day of September one thousand eight hundred and six. several Ac's for the better collection and security of the Revenues of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bili, intituled, An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six, and amend several Acts for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and on Paper printed or stained in Ireland, to forve for Hangings or other

JO

uses; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one "ire thousand eight hundred and six, and amend several Acts &c, outio. for regulating the Collection of the Duties in Ireland on Fire Hearths, on Dwelling Houses, on Coaches and other Carriages, on Male Servants, on Horles and on Dogs; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for improving and rendering more commodious the Port of Ipfioich, in the County of Suffolk; without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal two Acts, passed in the 6th and 3 2d years gjj^-eiaiL his late Majesty, for the regulation of Laftage and Bal-lastage in the River Thames, and to make more effectual regulations relating thereto; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act CMjj0" 1 for enabling His Majesty to grant a certain Creek, called

S3

'x

<5 C|

IpfWwh Port BiH.

j

45 Geo. III. 10 9 yulii,485

Chelfon Bay, otherwise S Bay, in or near the Parish

of Plympton Saint Mary, in the County of Devon; and for vetting the fame, for a valuable consideration, in the Right honourable John Lord and his heirs j

without any Amendment: And also, ifham The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act i°r for inclosing Lands in the Township of Swaffham Prior, olure 1 ' in the County of Cambridge; without any Amendment; And also,

herhithe The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act hway Bill, for making and maintaining an Archway or Archways eudment under the River Thames, from the Parish of Saint Mary Bother hi the in the County of Surrey, to the opposite fide of the said River, in the County of with-

an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And allb, ry Orton The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Aiwairon for inclosing Lands lying in the Parishes of Cherry Amend!’ otherwise Overton WateroiUe, and Alwalton, in the County s. of Huntingdon; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also, rd, &c. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act lure Bill, for inclosing Lands in the Tythings of Enford, Fifield, Amen - Coombe, Longstreet, and East in the Parish

of Enford, in the county of ; with some Amendments j to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House; And also, norton, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act wit'hlure for inclosing Lands in the Hamlets of Chelmerton and idmenti. Flagg, in the Parish of Bakeivell, in the County of Derby, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

inti, The House being informed, that Mr. BiiUey, from the nted.; Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their

Orders,

(dated An Account of the Sums paid into, and the Charges d- upon, the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ending 5th July 1805: And also, lent An Account of the Net Produce of all the Permanent Taxes, and of the War Taxes, in the years and quarters ending 5th July 1804 and 5th July 1805, respectively.

And then he withdrew: And the Titles were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table. Ordered, That the said Accounts be printed, for the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Se/fion.

s of The House being informed, that Mr. Meheux, from the s o{ office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, at-

cer- * 7

s at tended at the door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Expence of building the Bombay Frigate, of 32 guns, at Bombay, in 1791-2: And also.

An Account of the Expence of building the Ship Cormoallis, of 46 guns, at Bombay, in the year 1800.

And then he withdrew:—And the Titles were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House proceeded to take into consideration, the 11 Amendment, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

* An Act for making and maintaining an Archway or Archways under the River Thames, from the Parish of Saint Mary Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey, to the opposite fide of the said River in the County of Middlesex.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followed; viz.

Pr. 153. I.27. After " Med," insert "except as " herein after mentioned."

The said Amendment being read a second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Davies Giddy do cany the Bill to Vol. 60.

the Lords; and acquaint them, this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

The Order of the day being read, for refitming the Debate adjourned Debate, upon the Motion reflecting the total pJbi'cDd't; amount of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britaintec. further Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned adj°urned* till Tommorrow.

Mr. Whitbread presented to the House, according to Bilirefpeaing Order, a Bill to provide that the Proceedings, now de- •IlJeJParocfne^' pending in the House of Commons, upon Articles of LordMeWiile, Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, which have presented. been exhibited against Henry Lord Viscount Melville, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Diffolu-tion of Parliament: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said considered. Committee. *nd reported.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Giles took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Giles reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment;

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Stranraer, See. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Writ* electing of a Commissioner, to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Stranraer,

Whitehorn, and New Galloway, in the room of the Honourable William Steivart, who, since his election for the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff or His Majesty’s three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Cockermouth Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Wm* electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cockermouth, in the room of James Graham, Esquire, who, since his election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward of His Majesty’s Manor of East Hendred, in the County of Berks.

An ingrossed Bill to provide that the Proceedings, now Bin respecting depending in the House of Commons, upon Articles of she Proc.eed* Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, which have iJfrdiSSviii* been exhibited against Henry Lord Viscount Melville, shall not be discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution Of Parliament, was read the third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 34. To leave out * and."

Pr. 2. 1. 1. After " the" to insert f* said Proceedings u on the."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Questioxr severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: Ancf the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be*

An Act to provide that the Proceedings, now depending in the House of Commons, upon Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, which have been exhibited against Henry Lord Viscount Melville, shall not be1 discontinued by any Prorogation or Dissolution of Parliament

Ordered, That Mr. Whitbread do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their concurrence.

6 H The

486

■ WJulu.

lordi The House proceeded to take into consideration, the *oTnfQ*nt* Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, &c. incJofnre An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tythings of Sill, agrctd to« Fifield, Coombe, Longst reef, and in the

Parish of Enford, in the County of

And the said Amendments were read; and arc as foJ--loweth; i)iz.

Pr. 17. I. 6. Leave out " as" and insert " if"

I.17. Leave out from "Ground" to "as" in 1.19.

124. Leave out " Vicarial " and insert " Small."

The said Amendments being severally read a second ' time; were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Cdicraft do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Lord* The House proceeded to take into Consideration, the MChdroor.'*' Amendments made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, ton, ke. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlets of Chel-Tn^ioAire Sill, morton and Flagz, in the Parish of Bakeivell, in the County of Derby.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 28. Leave out " sixty " and insert " one " hundred and thirty-six."

1. 33. Leave out "sixty" and insert " one " hundred and thirty-six."

Pr. 2. 1. 1. After "Acre" insert " in lieu of such " Tythes aforesaid."

1. 22. Leave out " Vicarial or."

1. 24.7After " Hamlets" insert " save and & 25.3 " except the Tythe of Wool and

" Lamb."

Pr. 2i. 1. 6. Leave out " tythable."

1. 7. After " Inclosures " insert " subject to " the payment of Tythes in kind."

1. 22. After " Flagg," insert " save and except certain Lands called Abbey " Lands."

1. 31. Leave out " tythable."

1. 32. After " Inclosures " insert " subject to " the payment of Tythes in kind." Pr. 22. 1, 8. After " Flagg," insert " save and except certain Lands called Abbey " Lands."

1. 17. Leave out " tythable."

1. 20. After " Flagg," insert " subject to the " payment of Tythes in kind."

1. 34. After " Flagg' insert " as are subject " to the payment of Tythes in kind " as aforesaid."

Pr. 23. 1. 35. After " a" insert " full."

1. 37. Leave out " Vicarial " and insert " Small."

I.38. After " Tythes " insert " including " Agistment Tythes."

Pr. 25. 1. 11. Leave out " fix," and insert " five," and in the fame line, after " feet" insert " three inches."

Pr. 32. 1. 29. Leave out " sixty" and insert " one " hundred and thirty-six.

The said Amendments being severally read a second time; were, upon- the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Calcraft do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Address for - Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to th/c2piain. His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Samuel Smith, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty s most Honourable Privy Council.

Cfcdraun°of Address be presented to

way* ud His Majesty, That he wdl be graciously pleased to order

Means*

A. 1805.

the Sum of Twelve hundred Pounds to be advanced to Henry Alexander, Esquire, for his Services to this House, in the present Session, as Chairman of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s moii Honourable Privy Council.

Refolded, That an humble Address be presented to Address for His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to direct *-lerk Af. such a sum of Money to be issued to Jeremiah Oyfon,

Esquire, Clerk Assistant of this I louse, for his services to this House. in the present Session, as, together with the Fees and Emoluments of the said Office, will amount to the clear sum of Two thousand Pounds; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to d° for His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to direct the clear sum of One thousand Pounds to be advanced to 1 John Henry I^ey, Esquire, Second Clerk Assistant to this House, for his services to this House, in the present Session; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to q.

His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to direct Deputy Se^ such a sum of Money to be issued to John Clementson, ieantitAn!* Esquire, Deputy Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for his services to this House in the present Session, as, together with the Emoluments of the said Office, will amount to the clear sum of Five hundred Pounds; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the end journal to be of the last Session of Parliament to the end of this present PnnKd-Session, with an Index to the Sixtieth Volume, be printed.

Ordered, That one thousand seven hundred and fifty copies of the said Journal and Index be printed, by the appointment, and under the direction, of John Ley,

Esquire, Deputy to the Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal and Index be printed by such person as shall be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other person do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the sum of Three hundred and ten Pounds to be advanced to George Whittam, Esquire, Clerk of the Journals of this House, for defraying the expence of making and printing an Index to the Votes of this House of the present Session; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order such Compensation, as His Majesty shall think proper, to be made to the Clerks who have attended Public Committees of the House of Commons in the present Session of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds to be advanced to Thomas Edlyne Tomlins, Esquire, as a Compensation for his trouble in compiling Registers for the use of the Committee on Expired and Expiring Laws, appointed in the last Session of Parliament, and in the present Session; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s most honourable Privy Council.

The

Address for making IudCX to Votes.

D° for Attendance on

Committee*

D« for

compi'ri1? Regilitrs of Expired and Expiring Laws.

45 Geo. III. 10487

lordy The House proceeded to take into consideration, the

.mcndments Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, 'nonind An Act for inclosing Lands lying in the Parishes of Cherry iwiiton rn- Orton, otherwise Overton Watervile, and in

reed^to'^’ ^ie County of Huntingdon.

ret ‘ And the said Amendments were read ;• and are as fol-

loweth; viz.

Pr. 14. I. 15 > Leave out " hereinbefore* and insert & 16.3 "herein."

Pr. 46. 1. 17. Leave out " lieu " and insert " respect." Pr. 48. 1. 2. Leave out from " Allotments" to " shall," in line 4.

Pr. 49. 1. ult, After " Act," insert " Clause (A.)" Clause (A.) " Provided always, and be it further

" Enacted, That in case any surplus " shall remain after payment of such " expences as aforesaid, such surplus " shall be distributed amongst and " paid to the several Persons inte-,f relied in the said intended Division, " Allotment and Inclosure, in case " such Persons shall be Tenants thereof in fee Ample, in such " shares and proportions as the said * Commissioners shall think right and " proper, or otherwise shall be applied and disposed of in the manner " directed by the said recited Act, uwith respect to money thereby * directed to be paid for the pur-. * chafe or exchange of Lands, Te-

" nements, or Hereditaments, or of - " any Timber or Wood growing

" thereon, and which sum of Money " ought to be laid out in the purchase of other Lands, Tenements, " or Hereditaments, to be settled to * the same uses."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Fidler do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

sfi for The House was moved. That the several Estimates re-'iifon- to Lotteries, (which were presented to the House

Lotte- upon Monday last by Mr. Johnson, from the office of the Ireland, Chief Secretary for Ireland) might be read:—And the s. fame being read;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the sum of Three thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, Irish Currency, to be advanced for paying the Salaries of the Commissioners for granting Lottery Licences in Ireland, their Secretaries and Clerks, and of the Comptroller and Inspector of Lottery Offices in Ireland, for one year, to the 24th day of June 1805; and also the Salaries of the Commissioners for certifying outstanding Prizes in Ireland, for one year, to the 25th day of August 1805.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council. -

■font; A Message by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Ullier of the ‘ Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Afl’ent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the desire of the Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission afore-mentioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was tread, Vol. 60.

giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, their Royal Highnesses the Duke of York, the Duke of Clarence, the Duke of Kent, the Duke of Cumberland, the Duke of Suffer, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of Gloucester, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord High Chancellor, the Earl Graham, and the Lord Walsingham, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal AlTent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising the sum of Eight Millions, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five:

An Act for raising the sum of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five; and for indemnifying the Bank of England for having advanced Money for the Public Service on the credit of certain Exchequer Bills:

An Act for raising the sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five:

An Act for repealing the Duties of Customs on Cochineal Dull and Granilla imported into Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof:

An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six, and amend several Acts for regulating and securing the Col-Jestion of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors distilled in Ireland, and the warehoufing of such Spirits for exportation:

An Act for charging additional Duties of Custofris on Straw Platting, and on Straw Hats or Bonnets, imported into Great Britain:

An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six, and amend several Acts for regulating the Collection of the Duties in Ireland on Fife Hearths, on Dwelling Houses, on Coaches and other Carriages, on Male Servants, on Horses, and on Dogs: ’

An Act for reducing the Duty of Excise on Hops, the growth of Great Britain:

An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six, and amend several Acts for regulating and securing the Collection of the Duties on Paper made in Ireland, and on Paper printed or stained in Ireland, to serve for Hangings or other uses:

An Act for charging, until the twenty-fifth day of March one thousand eight hundred and six, an additional Duty on Spanish Red Wine imported into Ireland:

An Act to amend two Acts, passed in the forty-third and forty-fifth years of His present Majesty, for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the exportation of Sugar from Great Britain:

An Act to amend so much of an Act, of the forty-third year of His present Majesty, for consolidating certain of the provisions of the Acts relating to the Duties in Scotland under the management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, as relates to the appointment of Assessors and Sub-collectors, and the Notices required to be delivered to Persons act'efled to the said Duties:

An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth day of September one thousand eight hundred and six, several Acts for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of Customs and Excil'e in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein:

An Act to amend so much of an Act for granting to His Majesty several sums of Money for defraying the Charge of certain permanent Serv ices in Ireland, as relates to the Military Survey of Ireland:

An Act for' exempting from the Duties on Profits arising from Property, the first Half Yearly Dividends on Annuities, under an Act of the present Session for raising the sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by way of Annuities, for the Service of Ireland, which shall

net

488 10° ruliLA. 1805,

not have been written into the Books of the Bank of England:

An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whale Fi faery:

An Act to alter and extend the provisions of the Laws now in force for the punishment of the Forgery of Bank Notes, Bills of.Exchange* and other Securities, to every part of Great Britain:

An Act to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in issuing an Order of Council and Directions, for extending the time of certain Ships continuing to perform Quarantine:

An Act for increasing the Drawback on Linens exported from Great Britain to the West Indies:

An Act to authorize the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, to permit certain Articles to be warehoused in different Ports in Great , upon

giving security for the payment of Duties upon the Articles therein mentioned:

An Act for regulating and encouraging the Trade, for the improvement of the Revenue, and prevention of Smuggling to and from the Isle of Man:

An Act to empower His Majesty to retain upon full Pay and Allowances, Officers of the Militia, during the War, notwithstanding the Reduction:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon:

An Act for better regulating the diddling of Spirits in England for exportation to Scotland, and in Scotland for exportation to England; for the better securing the Duties payable thereon; and for altering the time of making Entry and granting Licences to distil Spirits for Scotland:

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the ninth year* of the reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to restrain the " Disposition of Lands, whereby the fame become un-" alienable," as restrains Colleges within the two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, from purchasing or holding Advowsons, except as therein is provided:

An Act for appointing additional Commissioners for the better examining and auditing certain of the Public Accounts of Great Britain:

An Act to amend two Acts, of the thirteenth and forty-fourth years of His present Majesty, for the more effectual execution of the Criminal Laws, and more easy apprehending and bringing to Trial Offenders escaping from one part of the United Kingdom to the other, and from one County to another:

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Parliament of , in the fifth year of

His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for erecting * and establishing Public Infirmaries or Hospitals in this " Kingdom

An Act to continue the Proceedings in the House of Lords, touching the conduct of Luke Fox, Esquire, one of the Judges of the Court of Common Pleas of that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, notwithstanding any Prorogation or Diflblution of Parliament:

An Act to revive and continue an Act, made in the thirty-fixft year of His present Majesty, intituled, " An *Act for the encouragement of the Pilchard Fiftiery, by " allowing a further Bounty upon Pilchards taken, cured, " and exported An Act for granting a certain sum of Money towards improving the Harbour on the North fide of the Hill of Hoicth, near Dublin, and rendering it a fit situation for His Majesty’s Packets:

An Act to appoint Commissioners to enquire and exar mine into any Irregularities or Abuses which may have taken place in conducting and managing the paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets of Dublin, and to provide for the Suspension of the Powers and Authorities of the Corporation of Directors and Commissioners for paving, cleansing, and lighting the said Streets, and for veiling the fame in other Persons during such Suspension; and for the better conducting and managing the business of the said Corporation:

An Act for enabling the Commissioners of the Treasury of Great Britain to advance a certain sum of Money to the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the Cit v of Edinburgh, towards the completion of the Docks and other Works in the Harbour of Leith:

An Act for purchasing certain Buildings and (hound in and near Palace Yard Westmfor the use of the Public: '

An Act for enabling His Majesty to grant a certain Creek called Chetfon Bay, otherwise Shi/fton Bay, in or near the Parish of Plympton Saint Many, in the County of Devon, and for veiling the fame, for a valuable coulkle-ration, in the Right honourable John Lord Boringdon and his heirs:

An Act to repeal two Acts, passed in the sixth and thirty-second years of his late Majesty, for the regulation of Eastage and Ballastage in the River Thames-, and to make more effectual regulations relating thereto:

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the forty-fourth year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " better governing, maintaining, and employing the " Poor of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of " Middlefe.r; for providing a new Workhouse for the use

" of the said Parish; for appointing Collectors of the " Rates; and for other purposes therein mentioned and for making more effectual provision for those and other purposes:

An Act for rebuilding the Parish Church of All in the Town of Leaves, in the County of and for

repairing the Tower thereof:

An Act for improving and rendering more commodious the Port of Ipfioich, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the thirty-second year of His present Majesty, for repairing or rebuilding the Pier ad joining to the Harbour of fairs, in the Use of Thanet, in the County of Kent:

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the thirty-second year of His present Majesty, as relates to the building a Gaol and House of Correftiort for the Town and County Borough of Carmarthen; and for wat ching, and supplying the said Town with Water, and for granting further powers for those and other purposes relating thereto:

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Gloucester and Berkeley) Canal, to vary and alter the

Line of a certain part of the said Canal, and to enable the said Company to raise a further sum of Money for canying into execution the several Acts for making the said Canal:

An Act for draining and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs, within the Parishes, Townfaips, and Places of Selby, Brayton, Thorp Willoughby, Ham-bletov, Wiftrnv, Scalm Park, Cawood, Sherbum, Len-nerton, Rest Park, South Milforth, and Barkfton Ash, in the West Riding of the County of York:

An Act to repeal several Acts, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for regulating the Baking Trade in the City and County of Dublin, and Liberties thereof, and for better regulating the said Trade; and for preventing Frauds in the buying and selling of Cora:

An Act for making and keeping in repair, a Carriage Road, to branch out of the Sheffield and Penifton Turnpike Road, in the Township of Wadjley in the West Riding of the County of York, to join the Done after and Salter's Brook Turnpike Road, in the Township of Langset in the said West Riding:

An Act for erecting Toll Bars and levying Toll Duties on the Road from Dunfermline to Nivingstone, in the Counties of Fife and Kinross-, and for making a new Turnpike Road from Saline towards the North Queensferry Road, in the said County of Fife:

An Act to continue the term and alter and enlarge the powers of an Act, passed in the twenty-third year of His resent Majesty, for amending the Road leading from the adage or Ferry over the River Severn at to

a place called Saint White's, adjoining the Forest of Dean,

in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for confirming certain Building Leases granted by the Right honourable Charles Earl Camden, deceased, and the Prebendary of the Prebend of Cantlaives, in the i Cathedral

45 Geo. III. 10°— \\° Jul489

Cathedral Church of Saint Paul in London, and by the Right honourable John Jefrez/s, now Earl Camden, and the said Prebendary; and for enabling the said John Jeffreys Earl Camden and others, with the consent of the Prebendary, to grant similar Leases in future of the Prebendal Lands of Kentish Town, in the County of Mid*

diefex, and for rectifying a mistake in the present Earl’s Marriage Settlement relating to those Lands:

An Act to establish and confirm an Exchange made by and between the Rector of the Parish Church of Saint Giles And Alhalloics, in the County of Dorset, and the Right honourable Anthony Ashley Earl of Shaf-tefbury, of part of his glebe lands, and other lands held and enjoyed with the said Rectory, for other lands there, the property of the said Earl, which are more conveniently situated for the said Rector and his Successors:

An Act for vesting certain Estates, late belonging to, and devised by the will of Sir Maivbey, Baronet,

deceased, in Trullees, to be sold, and for applying the Monies arising from the sale thereof in the discharge of Incumbrances and Debts, and for laying out the surplus in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same uses:

An Act for enlarging the powers of an Act, passed in the thirty-fifth year of the reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enabling the Lord Bishop of " London to grant a Lease, with powers of renewal, of " Lands in the Parish of Paddington, in the County of " Middlesex, for the purpose of building upon: "

An Act for vesting part of the settled Estates of Sir John Legard, Baronet, in Trullees, to be sold, with the approbation of the High Court of Chancery; and for applying part of the purchase Monies in paying off Incumbrances on such Estates, and in reimbursing to him the sums required by the Commissioners acting in the execution of several Acts for inelofing and draining such Estates, and for laying out the residue of the purchase Monies in the purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former uses:

An Act for confirming certain Building Leases of Lands in Wahvorth, in the Parish of Saint Mary ington, in the County of Surrey, granted by the Dean-and Chapter of Canterbury, jointly with their Lessees, Henry Penton, Esquire, and Samuel Brandon and Thomas Brandon, Esquires, contrary to the provisions of an Act made in the fourteenth year of the reign of His present Majesty; and for establishing Exchanges of three small pieces of Freehold and Leasehold Lands between the said Dean and Chapter and the said Samuel Brandon, and the Trullees under the will of the said Thomas Brandon, deceased; and for empowering the said Dean and Chapter and their Lessees for the time being of their Estates in Wahcorth, to grant building Leases of parts of the said premises, and for other the purposes therein mentioned: An Act to enable the Truliees therein named to erect and build a new Bridge over the River Avoji, on the North-well fide of the Manor of Bath Wick, in the County of Somerset, to communicate with the Parish of Walcot, and the Road from the City of Bath to London; and also to raise a sufficient sum of Money for that purpose, by a charge on the Trull Estates of the late General Pulteney:

An Act for settling and securing certain parts of the Lands of Bedcloak and Findiayslon, lyingin the Parish of Fettereffb and County of Kincardine, upon and to, and in favour of, Robert Barclay Allardice, of Uric, Esquire, and the fame series of ITcirs, and under the fame conditions and limitations as are mentioned and contained in a Deed of Entail made by Robert Barclay, of Urie, deceased; and for vesting in the said Robert Barclay Allardice and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, certain parts of the Barony of Urie, lying in the said County of Kincardine:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Anderby, in the County of Lincoln:

An Act for inclosing Lands in in the County of Leicester;

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Somerford Keynes, in the County of Wilts:

An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish o Vol. Co.

otherwise Aldborne, otherwise ,in the County of

Wilts:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of East -ling and Teflon, in the County of Kent

An Act for inclosing a certain Tract or Parcel of Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, called Moor,

within and Parcel of the Manor of Claugnton in dale, in the County Palatine of and for con-

vesting the fame into a Stinted Pasture:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Lordship of otherwise Maunton, in the County of I.incoln i

An Act for confirming and establishing the Award and Decree made and passed on the Division and Inclosure of Lands in the Township of Hutton's Ambo, in the North Riding of the County of York:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of worth, in the County of Middlesex:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Stvajf-ham Prior, in the County of Cambridge:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Honourable Alan Hyde- Gardner with Maria and

to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Moore with Barbara Brabazon his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned: An Act to dissolve the Marriage of William Lingham the younger, with Eliza Lingham his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for naturalizing Thomas Luppino.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the clock.

Jovis, 11° die Julii;

Anno 45* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Stratford The Lord* and Mr Harvey: agre«4

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ConfoUdated for granting to His Majesty a certain sum of Money out ^und the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Duke of for settling and securing a certain Annuity on John now Duke of Atholl, and the Heirs General of the seventh * *,

Earl of Derby; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mate GIafc for charging additional Duties on the Importation of Duty * Foreign Plate Glass into Great Britain; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act BiUrafpefting to amend an Act, passed in the fourth year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing inconveni- privilege of " ences arising in cases of Merchants, and such other ^riiamant,

" persons as are within the description of the Statutes " relating to Bankrupts, being entitled to Privilege of " Parliament and becoming insolvent; and to prevent " delay in the entering appearances in Actions brought " against persons having Privilege of Parliamentwithout any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bill for the for the more effectual prevention of Smuggling; without P"ve"|‘-on of any Amendment: And also, sg *'

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act TWnieian to veil the Toioideian Collection of antient Sculpture in C the Trullees of the British Museum, for the use of the Public; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Dulwich for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Duhvich, in the

61 County

"NT li Jftone Poor Bill, with Amerd ments.

Bill for bringing Com Is to London by Inland Navigation, with Amendments.

Witnesses In. demnity Bill, with Amendments.

Camberwell, See. Waterworks Bill, with Amendments.

Lords Amendments to Camberwell, &c. Waterworks Bill, agreed to.

490

11° Julii.

A. 1805.

County of Surrey, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the powers of an Act, passed in the twentieth year of His present Majesty, for the better government and regulation of the Poor in the 1'own and Parish of Maidstone, in the County of Kent; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the , Lords desire the concurrence of this House: -And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing, under certain restrictions, until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and six, the bringing a limited quantity of Coals, Culm, or Cinders, to London and Westminster by Inland Navigation; with

some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords tlcfire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnity all Persons who shall give Evidence against Henry Lord Viscount Melville, upon the Impeachment voted against him by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, in respect of any act done by such persons, in any office or employment held by them under the said Lord Viscount Melville, during the time he held and enjoyed the oflice of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for supplying the Inhabitants of the Parish of Giles Camberwell, and parts of the Parish of Mary Lambeth, and several other Parishes and Places in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, with Water; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for supplying the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Giles Cambencell, and parts of the Parish of Saint

Mary Lambeth, and several other Parishes and Places in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, with Water.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed!; viz.

Pr. i. 1. 16. Leave out " Counties," and insert " County," and in the fame line leave out " and Kent."

Pr. 9. 1. x. Leave out " Counties," and insert " County," and in the fame line and line 2, leave out " and Kent."

Pr. 17. 1. 6. Leave out " Counties " and insert " County," and in the fame line and line 7, leave out " and Kent."

Pi'- 35- L 3 7* After "granted" insert " Clause A." Clause (A.) " And whereas a Map or Plan describ-" ing the Places where the said Re-" fervoirs are to be made or erected, " and the line of the Creeks or " Watercourses along which the "water will flow to such Reservoirs, " hath been deposited with the Clerk " of the Peace for the County of " Surrey: Be it therefore Enacted, " That such Map or Plan shall re-" main in the custody of the said " Clerk of the Peace for the time " being, or his Deputy, and that all " Persons interested therein shall at

-- *-----~ I1UU

inspect and peruse the fame, take a Copy thereof or any thereof, paying a reasonable pensation to the Clerk of the P or his Deputy, for every fuel speftion; and that the said ( pany shall not make any olhci fervoir or Reservoirs, or have right or authority to take any ( r . for yaking any other fenroir or Reservoirs, or fori

" ing any other Aqueduct, Feeder or . " 1 unnel for the supplying of any

" Water than the Reservoir or Refer-

" voirs, Aqueduct, Feeder or Tunnel " in the said Map or Plan described; " nor in making the said Reservoir " or Reservoirs, Aqueduct, Fceder-or " Tunnel, deviate more than twenty " yards of three feet each from the " place or places, line or course de-" feribed in the said Map or Plan, " without the consent in writing of " the Person or Persons, Bodies Po-" litic or Corporate, in or throilgh " or upon whose Lands arty such Re-" fervoir or Reservoirs, Aqueduct, " Feeder or Tunnel shall be erected " or made, or through whose Lands " any such deviation shall be made." Pr. 37. 1. 2S. After " allowed" insert " Clause (B.)" Clause (B.) " Provided always, and be it further

" Enacted, That nothing in this Act " contained shall authorize, or be , " construed to authorize or empower

" or enable the said Company of Pro-" prietoi-s, to erect, make, or use any " Engine or Engines, which shall be " worked by means of fire or fleam, " in any place or places in which the " erection thereof would be deemed " a nuisance in Law to any Person " or Persons residing in or near to " such place or places, nor to erect " the Reservoir described in the said " Map or Plan within the said Parish " of Saint Giles Cambcnoell, without the consent of the Lord Bishop of " the Diocese and the Patron and Vicar of the Vicarage of Saint Giles " Cambencell for the time being respectively."

Pr.40. 1. 15. After " Authority," insert "to make " any Aqueduct, Tunnel or Feeder for supplying any Reservoir in the " Town or Village of Camberwell, " over or across any Lands or Grounds, " except with the consent of the " Owner or Owners thereof for the " time being (save and except along,

" in or across any public Highway,

" Road, or Footpath) or."

1. 28. After " Garden," insert " Paddock."

Pr. 41. 1- 38. Leave out " Wyndham Botcyer" and insert " Joseph and in the fame line after " Esquire," insert ' V or his Lessee or Lessees, or his or

" their Undertenant or Underte-" nants."

Pr. 59. 1. ult. After " Security," insert " to the satisfac-" tion of the Owners or Proprietors." Pr. 107. At the end of " Clause (A.)" annexed to the Bill, insert " Clause (C.)"

Clause (C.) " Provided also, and be it further

" Enacted, That nothing in this Act " contained shall extend to enable

c<

tc

(C

u

iC

U

iC

fC

a

a

a

cunvey u arer oy ripes or oth wife from the said Reservoirs, the pui*pose of supplying all or a of the Inhabitants residing wit! the Royal Manors of East xoich and Saves Court, in I Counties of Kent and Surrey, one of them with Water, or any other manner to prejudice injure the Proprietors of‘a cert: Patent granted by his Maje King nut, am the Third, i,

year »f :*‘s reign, " ilUam Varnold and Robert /Vi

" M,

45 Geo. III.

11° J

491

" foil, enabling them, their Execu-" tors, Administrators and Assigns,

" for the term of five hundred years " thence next enfiling, to convey " Water by Pipes from the River fia-" venfhourneto the Houses and Pre-" miles of the Inhabitants of the said " Manors of East and

" SayesCourt."

In the Title of the Bill;

1. 5. Leave out " Counties " and insert " County," and in the fame line leave out " and Kent."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the I Ioufe.

Ordered, That Mr. Tierney do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this Idoufe hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

rrit Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifl’ue his Warrant to

the Clerk of the Crown in Ireto make out a new Writ for the electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of in the

room of the Right honourable Henry Robert commonly called Lord Viscount who, fnvee

his 1'left ion for the said County, hath accepted the Office of one of His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State.

in the tjle of Dogs, by the Corporation of London: And also.

An Account of the Receipts and Application of all Monies received by the Court of Directors of the Eujl India Dock Company: And also,

A Statement of the Progress of the Works of the East India Dock Company, at Blackmail.

And then he withdrew :—And the Titles were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table.

T1 ie said Papers are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House proceeded to take into consideration, the lords Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act to indemnity all Persons who shall give Evidence indemnity . against //ewy Lord Viscount Melville, upon the Impeach- Bill, put off ment voted against him by the Commons of the United ^onth" Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, in respect of any act done by such Persons in any office or employment held by them under the said Lord Viscount Melville, during the time he held and enjoyed the office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy.

"And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth j viz.

Pr. I. 1. ix. After "impeached," insert " and exhibited Articles of Impeachment

I to

es.

Mr. Long reported to the I Ioufe, That their Address of yesterday (that His Majesty would he graciously pleased to coaler l'ouie Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Samuel Smith, Chaplain to this IIoulc) had been pro fen ted to 1 Iis Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will confer l‘<»me Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. Samuel Smith; as is deli red.

Mr. Long also reported to the House, That their several other Addredes of yesterday, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give directions as desired by the said Addresses.

, The House proceeded to take into consideration, the ments Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, V An Act for allowing, under certain rellrifiions, until the > first day of August one thousand eight hundred and six, by the bringing a limited quantity of Coal, Culm, or Cin-ion, ders, to London and We/tm infer by Inland Navigation.

"• . And the said Amendments were read; and are as fol-

loweth; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 23. After " no" insert " such."

1. 36- After " any" insert " such."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordlliips.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Monies paid to the Sierra Company, in pursuance of Grants made by Parliament; with the dates of each payment.

Ordered, That ihere be laid before this House, an Account of the Dilbnrfements of all Sums granted by Parliament to the Sierra Leone Company.

BC

The House being informed, that Mr. Tyrrell, Remem* e brancer of the City of London, and Solicitor to the West India and East India Dock Companies, attended at the door; he was culled in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of all Monies received by or for the WefiIndia Dor k Company, with the application of the fame, to the ill February 1803: And also,

A Statement of the Progress of the Works of the West India Dock Company, at the of Dogs: And also,

A Statement of the Progress of the Works at the Canal VOL. 60,

1. 12.

1. I7. 1. 21.

1. 23.

" of High Crimes and Misdemeanors " against."

Leave out from "Melville " to " And" in line 14.

Leave out " certain."

After * time " insert " or respective " times."

In the interlineation, after " and " insert " in respect of the nfe and application'; " also in the said interlineation, after " of " insert " the and also in the said interlineation, leave out from " Money" to " dur-" ing," in line 24.

1. 26. Leave out from " and " to " tend," inline 27; and insert " in case the * " disclosure by such Persons of such

" acts, or of such use or application " of the Public Money should."

1. 28. After " Persons" insert "to criminal " Prosecutions."

1. 33. After " indemnify," insert * as they " are herein after indemnified ;" and in the interlineation in the fame line, leave out " and Civil Suits in respect " thereof."

1. 34. Leave out from " faithfully " to " here-. " inafter," in press 2, line 3; and insert " making such discovery and " disclosure as is."

Pr. 2. 1. 14. After " who" insert " has or."

I.22. After "Navy" insert "and."

& 24 } ^eave out * or interrogated."

1. 27. Leave out from " House" to " in," in line 29.

1. 30. Leave out from " transactions " to " during," in line 33; and insert, " or any use or application of any " Public Money, touching or con-

" corning which acts, trail faflions,

" use, or application the said Henry " Lord Viscount Melville hath been " impeached as aforesaid, and in " which acts, transactions, use, or " application respectively, such Per-" fun or Persons shall have been in " any manner concerned."

I.33. After "time" insert " or times."

1. 36. After " and " insert " who."

1. 37. Leave out from " examination" to " to," in line 38, and insert " make " a true and faitlifnl discovery and " disclosure."

Pr. 2;

Witnessc* Indemnity Bill, ordered

Bill,

presented.

committed

considertd, and reported.

492

11° Jul'u.

A. 1805.

Pr. 2. I. ult I^eave put " retnembrance and belief' and insert " touching ;" and also in the fame line, after " such "insert " acts, transactions."

Pr. 3. 1. t. After " as" insert " aforesaid, re-" Ipefting which."

1. 2. After " be" insert " so," and in the fame line leave out from " examined" to " shall," in line 5.

1. 10") After " incapacities " insert " and all & ix. y" criminal Prosecutions which he or " they may be or may become lia-" ble or subject to or;" and in the interlineation of line. 11, leave out " become subject to, or which he or " they."

1. ia. Leave out " or become subject to, and " also of, from, and against all pro-" fecutions, informations, and suits " criminal or civil."

1. 13. After " of " insert " or in relation to." 1. 14. After "any" insert "such;" also in the lame line, after " aft" insert " transaction;" and also in the fame line, leave out from " thing" to " and, " in line 19, and insert " use " or application of Public Money as " aforesaid, respecting or concerning " which, such Person or Persons shall " be so examined as aforesaid, and " shall make such true and faithful. " discovery as aforesaid."

1. 19. Leave out " that"

1. 21. After f*be" insert u so."

1. 33. After "be" insert " or become."

Pr. 4. 1. 8. In the Interlineation, leave out " in-" formations or suits."

1. 16 > Leave out " the matter of the said & 17.3 " Impeachment," and insert" which such Person or Persons shall be so " examined as aforesaid."

In the Title of the Pill:

1. 1. Leave out " all."

L 6. Leave out " any Aft" and insert Acts."

Ordered, Nemine Contradicente, That the further confederation of the said Amendments be adjourned till this day three months.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify Persons who shall give Evidence against Henry Lord Viscount Melville upon the Impeachment voted against him by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, in respect of acts done by such Persons in any office or employment held by them under the said Lord Viscount Melville, during the time he held and enjoyed the office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy: And that Mr. Whitbread, Mr. Fox, Mr. Grey, Mr. Sheridan, Lord Henry Petty, Lord Viscount Mar/ham, Mr. Giles, Lord Viscount Foljcejtone, Mr. Paine, Doctor Laurence, Mr.

Creevey, Mr. Holland, Mr. Calcraft, Mr. Kinnaird, Lord Porchester, Lord Archibald Hamilton, Mr. Williams Wynn, Mr. Jekyll, Mr Morris, the Earl Temple, and Mr. Ser-

jeant Bejl, do prepare, and bring in, tile fame.

Mr. Whitbread presented to the House, according to Order, the said Bill: And the fame was received; and read the first time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a second time.

1 he said Bill was accordingly read a second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. ®

Resolved, That this House will, immediately resolve llidBiir ' Committee of the whole upon the

Committee.11^0 cordmS\y refo!ved into the said

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Creevey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Creevey reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into consideration, the Lo^, Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Amendment; An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the twentieth year of His present Majesty, for »gre*il<». the better government and regulation of the Poor in the Town and Parish of Maidstone, in the County of Kent.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as fol-leweth; viz.

Pr. 7. 1. ult Leave out from " Act " to " And," in press 16, line 1; and insert " Clause " (A.)"

Clause (A.) " Provided always, and be it further

" Enacted, That if any surplus shall remain of any such Monies after the building of such new Alms or Poor Houses, and completing the fame, then and in such case such •" surplus shall be laid out in the Three per centum Consolidated " Bank Annuities, in the names of the said Trustees, by the name and " style of " The Trustees of the Poor " of the Town and Parish of " stone;" and the Dividends arising from such stock, shall go and be applied to such and the like purposes, and be disposed and accounted for upon the like Trulls " and in like manner as the produce of the Estates now belonging to the " said Trustees are to be disposed of,

* applied, and accounted for, and a receipt, signed by any three or " more of the said Trustees for the " time being, shall be a full and

" sufficientdischarge to the Governor

" and Company of the Bank of England, for payment of the Dividends " annually to arise from such stock - " so to be purchased as aforesaid;

" and the said Governor and Com-" pany of the Bank of England are hereby required to pay such Divi-" dends accordingly, on the produc-" tion to them of the said receipt."

The said Amendments being severally read a second time, were, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Frederick do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord ships.

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify Persons who shall give wi<neir« Evidence against Henry Lord Viscount Melville upon the Impeachment voted against him by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, in respect of acts done by such Persons in any office or employment held determined by them under the said Lord Viscount Melville during the time he held and enjoyed the office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy; was read the third time.

a Re{ola ledyThat the.Bill do Pass: And that the Title be,

An. a:rr° indemn*fy Persons who shall give Evidence against Henry Lord Viscount Melvill upon the Impeachment voted against him by the Commons of the United HS of Great Britain and in Parliament

oflkSbnr<imnirefpea *done f«ch Persons in any

‘^'"jfWurerof Hi, Meeay3 ""J'Wed 7 The

45G-Kb.ni. 11 6J. 493

The House was moved, That the Cider made upon cl urn of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament af-the 29th day of April last (that the Attorney General sembled, in respect of acts done by such Persons in any be directed to take such measures as may appear to him office or employment held by them under the said Lord tter. to be most eilrctiml, in due course of Iuxw, for ascertaining' Viscount Melville, during the time he held and enjoyed and recovering any sums of Money that may be due to the office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy; without

not

id

the Public from Lord Viscount Melville or Alexander Trotter, Esqmrc, in respect of any profits derived by them from Monies issued for Naval Pnrp'oles, and that may have come into their hands subsequent to the ill day of January 17S6) might be read:-—And the fame being read;

A Motion was made, and the Quell ion was proooofed. That i'o much of the said Older as relates to the find Mr. Trotter, be discharged.

And the said Motion was, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Attorney General be directed not

11 s

Clergy

itlaud.

•unt of :s>

any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid hefir:? this House, a Copy of a Letter from the Navy Huai d to the Admiralty ;— inclosing their Memorial in answer to the Third Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, now before this Iloufe.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account shewing the number of Shipwrights and Apprentices in His Majesty’s Dock Yards, on the 14th

Letter from Navy Board to Admiralty ordered.

Papers relating to Ships of War, &c, ordered.

to proceed age.;:ft the said Mr. Trailer, in consequence May 1804, the Apprentices to be separately Hated from of the said Order, before the commencement of the next the Shipwrights.

Seikou of Parliament. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account shewing the names, age, and time of service, of A Motion was liiad^, and the Question was proposed, all the Shipwrights who have discharged themselves from That there be laid before this House, an Account of the the Dock Yards at Deptford and , between ift

Stipends of the Milliners of the Clergy of the Church of Scotland, in so far as the fame can be af'certained; distingnishing in Alphabetical Order, and under distinct heads, the name of the Parish, the County and Prefby-tery in which it is situated. the original Stipend where-ever it can be afeertuined, the fuecessive Augmentations made thereto, and the Period when each was granted, the present Stipend under all itsdillerent heads, the Efti-mated Value of the Glebe, the Amount of the Free Teinds of the Parish, if any yet remains unexhausted, its Population, its valued Rent, the names of the* Parishes where an augmentation is still depending, together with the Totals.

And the said Motion was, with leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the number of Lunatics and Insane Persons now confined and under Custody in the different Gaols, Houses of Correction, Poor Houses, and Houses of In-dustry, in England.

June 1804 and 31ft May 1803.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account shewing the number of Shipwrights and Apprentices, for one day, who have been paid for building His Majesty’s Ships Plant a genet, Ethalion, and Ocean-, and also, an Account shewing the number of Shipwrights and Apprentices, for one day, who were paid for repairing or fitting His Majesty’s Ships Chichester, Squirrel, Racoon, and Amaranthe, at Woolwich Dock Yard, in the years 1799, 1800, 1801, and 1802, and against each Ship to be stated the nature of the Repair the received, and whether ftie was docked.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, art Account shewing the number and tonnage of the Merchant Ships built in Great Britain, between ift January 1793 and 31ft December 1804, inclusive.

Ordered, That the Accounts, which were yesterday presented to the House by Mr. from the office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, be printed, for the Members of the House.

Accounts of building certain Ships at Bombay, to be printed.

s for pon-respefb aptain

ords

reed

hefting

ceed-

linft

elville.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that lie will be gracioufty pleased to give directions, that there be I M before this House, Copies of such Correspondence as any have taken place between His Majesty’s Government anil the Government of France, or with that of any other Country, relative to the treatment, or exchange, of Captain Wright, late of His Majesty’s Sloop Viiurgo, and now a Prisoner of War in close confinement in France-, and also, a Copy of a Letter from William Marflen, Esquire, to Edward Cooke, Esquire, Under Secretary of State, dated the 17th of July 1804, with a Copy of its Inclosure, from \ Ir. Riviere, of the Marine Department at Paris—And also, a Copy of a Letter from Edward Cooke, Esquire, to William Mars-

den, Esquire, Secretary to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, in anfv. er thereto, dated the 2Sth August 1804.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Counc il.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Mr. Stratford and Mr. Harvey:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Rill, intituled, An Act to provide that the Proceedings, now depending ithe House of Commons, upon Articles of Charge of high Crimes and Misdemeanors, which have been exhibited against Henry Lord Viscount Melville, shall not he discontinued by any Prorogation or Dilsolution of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify Persons, who shall give Evidence against Henry Lord Viscount Melville, upon the Impeachment voted against him by the Commons of the United King-Voi. 60,

The Order of the day being read:—The House re- Debate oa fumed the adjourned Debate upon the Motion, That the ^,0‘ion total Amount of the Public funded Debt of Great Bri- PuWic Debt, tain, was, on the ift February iSi 3, *£.567,008,978 ;— &c. resumed, of which X-67,255,915 had been purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and *£.19,180,587 had been transferred to them on account of Land Tax redeemed; leaving a funded Debt unredeemed of £.480,572,476; and that the amount of

Annuities charged on Great Britain (after deducting what have fallen in) was, on the ift of February, in Short Annuities and for Lives X-539,979, and in Long Annuities *£.1,015,410.;

Resolved, That the total amount of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain was, on the ift February 1803,

*£.567,008,978;—of which *£.67,255,915 had been purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and £. 19,180,587 had been transferred to them on account of Land Tax redeemed, leaving a funded Debt, unredeemed of £.480,572,476:—And, that

the amount of Annuities charged on Great Britain (after deducting what have fallen in) was, on the ift of February, in Short Annuities and for Lives *£ and in Long Annuities *£. 1,015,410.

Resolved, That the total amount of Public Funded Debt created in Great Britain for account of Ireland, was, on the ift of February 1803, *£. 22,348,000;—of which there had been purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt *£. 1,123,415; leaving a Funded Debt unredeemed of 21,224,585, together with Long Annuities to the amount of *£.9,791.

Resolved, That, the total amount of PuMic Funded Debt created in Great Bn fain lor account of the Emperor of Germany, was, on the ift of February 1803,

6K X 7.5°2,633;

• 539>979

494

11° Julii.

A. 1805;

£• 7><502,%3 ’>—of which £.375,137 had been purchased determined by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; leaving a Funded Debt unredeemed of £.7,127,496, together with Annuities to the Amount of £. 230,000, which will expire in 1819.

Resolved, That the amount of the Outstanding Demands unprovided for on the 5th January 1803, exclu-1 five of Unfunded Debt, and of the anticipation of certain Duties annually voted, was £.592,630: that the deficiency of Ways and Means for the year 1802, was, £. 171,431;—making the amount of Demands unprovided for, on the 5th January 1803, £.764,061.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Unfunded Debt in Exchequer Bills unprovided for, or charged upon Funds which proved in-iuflicient, was, on the 5th January 1803, ,£.9,827,400, including £. 3,000,000 in the Bank, which bear no interest in consideration of the renewal of the Charter;

That the Unfunded Debt in Navy Bills was, on the 5th of January 1803, £.3,105,648;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Unfunded Debt, exclusive of the Anticipation, in the usual form, of certain Duties annually voted, and of those provided for by the Aids of 1802, amounted, on the 5th of January 1803, to £.9,933,248; exclusive also of £. 3,000,000 advanced by the Bank, without interest, for the renewal of their Charter, to be repaid in 1806.

Resolved, That the total amount of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain was, on the ill February 1805, £.603,925,7^2;—of which £.89,003,759 had been

Surchafed by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the lational Debt, and £.21,794,307 had been transferred to them on account of Land Tax redeemed, leaving a Funded Debt unredeemed of £. 493,127,726. And that the amount of Annuities charged on Great Britain (after deducing what have fallen in) was, on the 1 ft of February, in Short Annuities and for Lives, £.509,353, and in Long Annuities £. 1,047,494. And that a further Debt, amounting to £.34,400,000 Capital Stock, has been created by the sums borrowed in the present Session of Parliament, and £.1,660,529 by £. 5 per cent. Annuities, created in 1797, subscribed into other Funds.

Resolved, That the total amount of the Public Funded Debt, created in Great Britain for account of Ireland, was, on the ill of February 1805, £.33,738,000;—of which there had been purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt £.2,175,099, leaving a Funded Debt of £. 31,562,901, together with Long Annuities, to the amount of £. 16,208. And that a further Debt, amounting to £. 4,660,000 Capital Stock, and to £. 75,000 per annum in Long Annuities, has been created by sums borrowed in the present Session in Great Britain on account of Ireland.

Resolved, That the total amount of Public Funded Debt created in Great Britain for account of the Emperor of Germany, was, on the ill of February 1805, £.7,502,633;—of which £.550,228 had been purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, leaving a Funded Debt of £.6,952,405, together with Annuities to the amount of £.230,000, which will expire in 1819.

Resolved, That the amount of outstanding Demands unprovided for on the 5th January 1805, exclusive of Unfunded Debt, and of the anticipation of certain Duties annually voted, was £.1,817,863; that the surplus of Ways and Means for the year 1804, was £. 1,192,115; reducing the amount of demands unprovided for on the 5 th January 1805, to £. 625,748 ;—the whole of which has been paid oft or provided for in the present Session.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, that on the 5th January 1805, there were £.3,375,488 in Exchequer Bills, charged upon the Aids of 1804, to

the difehafge of which the Aids of 1804 were insufficient; £. 12,000,000 charged on the Aids of 1805; and £. 3*000,000 payable in 1806, which are with the Bank, and bear no interest in consideration of the renewal of the Charter; making a total of Exchequer Bills unprovided for, of £. 18,375,488 ;—of which sum £.3,375,488 has been paid oft’ in the present Session;

That the Unfunded Debt in Navy Bills was, on the 5th of January 1805, £.5,001,567;

And the previous Question being put, That tb^t Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the U n funded Debt, exclusive of the Anticipation, in the usual form, of certain Duties annually voted, and of Exchequer Bills provided for by Aids 1804, amounted, on the 5th January 1805 to £.18,242,155; exclusive also of £. 3,000,000 advanced by the Bunk without interest, for the renewal of their Charter, to be repaid in i8c,6; of which sum of £.18,242,155, £.3,375,488 has been paid oft’ or provided for in the couri’e of the present Session.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Variations in the State of the Public Debt, between the 5th of January 1803 and the 5th of January 1806, being three years of War, maybeefti-mated as follow: ,

The Public Funded Debt of Great Britain unredeemed, which on the ift February 1803 was £.480,572,476, will amount to £.516,689,25 5, afterdedufting £12,500,000 for the operation of the Sinking Fund and the Redemption of Land Tax during the current vear; being an increase of Capital

Stock of ...... - £.36,116,779

The Public Funded Debt created in Great 1 ’ -

Britain for account of Ireland unredeemed, which' on the ift February 1803 was £.21,224,585, will amount to £.35,472,901, after deducting £. 750,000 for the operation of the Sinking Fund during the current year; being an increase of Capital Stock of - £. 14,248,316

The Long Annuities of Great Britain, which on the ill of February 1803 were £. 1,015,410, will amount to £. 1,047,494; being an increase of Annual Charge of - £. 32,084

The Long Annuities created in Great Britain for account of Ireland, which on the ift of February 1803 were £.9,791, will amount to £.91,207; being an increase of Annual Charge of ----- - £. 81,416

The Unfunded Debt in Exchequer Bills, ' "

which on the ift of February 1803 was £.9,827,400, will amount to £.15,000,000; being an increase of - £.5,172,600

The Unfunded Debt in Navy Bills, which 1

on the ift of February 1803 was £.3,105,648, will amount to £. 5,001,567; being an increase of ...... £. 1,895,919

The Funded Debt created in Great Bri- ~' tain for account of the Empe;or of Germany, unredeemed, which on the ift of February 1803 was £. 7,127,406, will be reduced to £.6,852,405, after deducting £.100,000 for the operation of the Sinking Fund during the current year; being a diminution of Capital Stock of - - - - £• 27

The Short Annuities of Great Britain, which on the ift of February 1803 were £. 539,979, will be reduced to £.486,099; being a diminution of Annual Charge of - £. 53>88°

The outl’tanding Demands unprovided for, ——

which on the ift of February 1S03 were £. 764,061, will be reduced to £. 625,748; being a diminution of - £. 138,3! 3

The Sum applicable to the Redemption

of Debt, which on the rft of February 1803 was, for the Debt of Great Britain,

13 jC.5^34.986;

45 Geo. III. 11"

t

£’.5,834,986; for Debt created in Great Britain for account of Ireland, £. 258,434; for Debt created in Great Britain for account of the Emperor of Germany, £. 47,947; making a total of ..£ ,6,141,367; will amount to £. 7,599,172 for the Debt of Great Britain;

£.473,612 for the Debt created in Great Britain for account of Ireland; £.56,199 for the Debt created in Great Britain for account of the Emperor of Germany; making a total of £.8,128,983; being an in-create of - - - -: - £. 1,087,616.

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Befolved, That the Variations in the Hate of the Public Debt, between the 5th January 1803 and the 5th January 1806, being three years of war; may be estimat-fed as follows:

The Public Funded Debt of Great Britain unredeemed, which, on the ift of February 1803, was £.480,572,476, will amount to £. 516,689,255, after deducting £. 12,500,000 for the operation of the Sinking Fund during the current year; being an increase of Capital Stock of - - £.36,116,779

The Public Funded Debt created in Great Britain for account of Ireland, unredeemed, which, on the ift of February 1803, was £. 21,224,585, will amount to £. 35,472,901, after deducting £.750,000 for the operation of the Sinking Fund during the current year; being an increase of Capital Stock of - £. 14,243/316

The Long Annuities of Great Britain, which, on the ift of February 1803, were £. 1,015,410, will amount to £. 1,047,494; being an increase of Annual Charge of - - £. 32,084

The Long Annuities created in Great Britain for account of Ireland, which, on the act of February 1S03, were £. 9,791, will amount to £.91,207; being an increase of Annual Charge of - 81,416

The Unfunded Debt in Exchequer Bills, which, on the ift of February 1803, was £.9,827,400, will amount to £.15,000,000; being an increase of - .£'. 5,172,600

The Unfunded Debt inNavy Bills, which, on. 1

the iftoffebruary 1803, was £. 3,105,648, will amount to <£.5,001,567; being an increase of ----- £. 1,895,919

The Funded Debt created ——

for account of the Emperor of Germany, unredeemed, which, on the ill of February 1803, was £.7,127,496, will be reduced to £.6,852,405, after deducting £.100,000 for the operation of the Sinking Fund during the current year; being a diminution of Capital Stock of ——

The Short Annuities of Great Britain, which, on the ill of February 1803, ivere £.539,979, will be reduced to <£. 486,099; being a diminution of Annual Charge of - £. 53,880

The Sum applicable to the Redemption of Debt, which, on the 1 ft of February 1803, was, for the Debt of Great Britain £. 5,834,986; for Debt created in Great Britain for account of Ireland <£.258,434; for Debt created in Great Britain for account of the Emperor of Germany £. 47,947, making a total of £"-6,141,367, will amount to £.7,592,253 for the Debt of Great Britain-,—

<£*478,369 for the Debt created in Great Britain for account of Ireland ;—£. 56,049 for the Debt created in Great Britain for account of the Emperor of Germany; making a total of £.8,126,671Sbeing an increase of * - - - * 1,985,304

495

, A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Annual Charge on account of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, after deducing the interest and the charges of management on Stock transferred to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, fot the Redemption of the Land Tax, ivas, on the

iftoffebruary 1803 - - - - £.23,510,967;

1 ft of February 1804 - - - - £.24,110,475;

iftoffebruary 1805 - - - - £.24.928,336:— And that a further Charge has been incurred on account of the Sums borrowed in the present Session, and by £. 5 per cent. Annuities l'ubscribed into other Funds, amounting to . £. 1,430,901;

And the previous Question being put, That that Quef-tion be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Befolved, That the Annual Charge on account of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, after deducing the Charges of Management on Loans redeemed by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and the Interest and Charges of Management on Stock transferred for the Redemption of the Land Tax, was, on the iftoffebruary 1803, £.23,510,967, and on the ill of. February 1805, £. 24,928,336, and that a further charge has been incurred on account of the Sum borrowed in the present Session, and by £.5 per cent. Annuities subscribed into other Funds, amounting to £. 1,430,901.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the Sum annually applicable to the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain, in pursuance of the several Acts relating thereto, was, on the ill of February

1803, £.5,834,986, being about j/8z,ul part of the Unredeemed Debt existing on that day; on the ift of February 1804, £. 6,311,626, being about i/77,h part of the unredeemed Debt existing on that day; on the ill of February 1805, £.6,835,625, being about 1/72nd part of the unredeemed Debt existing on that day;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

• Befolved, That the Sum alinually applicable to the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain, in pursuance of the several Acts relating thereto, was, for the year 1803 £.6,311,626, being about i/77*h part of the unredeemed Debt existing in 1803, and may for the ye\r 1805 be estimated at £.7,592,253, being about 1/69'* part of the unredeemed Debt existing in 1805.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the net produce of the Pennanent Taxes, existing on the 5th of January 1803, was £. 28,246,681, including £. 1,957,340 for Taxes imposed in the year 1802; on the 5th January 1804, £. 30,754,724, including £.4,584,445 for Taxes imposed in 1802; and, on the 5th January 1805, £.28,555,634 including £.76,689, for the purchase of legal Quays;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Befolved, That the total net produce of the Permanent Taxes in the year ending 5th January 1803, amounted to £.28,246,681, including £715,323 paid for Bounties on Corn and Rice imported in the year 1802:—And on the 5th January 1805 the total net produce of Permanent Taxes amounted to £. 29,409,336, including £.20,164 for Bounties on Corn and Rice imported in the year

1804, and £. 76,689*for the purchase of legal Quays.

Befolved, That the net produce of the War Taxes was, in the year ending 5th April 1804;

Customs and Excise - £-3>377»442

Property Tax - - 363,877 £.

5th April 1805; 3>74L319J

Customs and Excise -£.7,868,078

Property Tax - - 3,919,108 £.

-----11,787,186.

Befolved, That the official value of all Imports into Great Britain< in the year ending the 5 th January 1803,

was

1

496 11° Juliu A. 1805.

E.so?5of "4*‘tt0mber " M" -"w* "

That the official value of all Imports into Great Britain, in the year ending 5th January 1805, supposing A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, the Imports from the East Indies,(of which no account That tlle number of Ships built and registered in

1...."L L ’ .... - the several Ports of the British Empire, in the year endin®

41. T O _____ _ . A\ rn J *0

has yet been made up) to be the same as in the preceding year, was £.30,342,047, and on average of six years, ending tire 5th January 1805, was .£.29,996,736.

Resolved, That the official value of Britishi Manufactures, exported from Great Britain in the year ending 5U1 January 1803, was 26,993,129; and on an average of li.x years ending the 5th January 1803, w as £■22,942,800.

That the official value of British Manufactures ex-

5th January 1803, was 1,281; their Tonnage 137,508°

5th January 1804, - 1,402; ...... i35>34qI

51I1 January 1805,' - 940; - 92,091;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the number of Registered Vessels belonging to the British Dominions, ami employed in trade, in the year 1802, was 20,568; their Tonnage 2,128,055;

ported from Great Britain in the year ending 5th January and the number of Seamen navigating the fame, 154,530;

1805 was <£. 23,934,291; a^d on an average of six years, ending the 5th January 1805, was 24,54 \fi25-And that the real value of British Manufactures exported in the year ending 5th January 1803 may be estimated at £. 48,500,683; and in the year ending the

5th January 1805 at )C£‘. 40,349,64 2.-

and in the year 1804, the number of Vessels was 21,725; their Tonnage 2,271,928; and the number of Men 154,299; being an increase of 1,157 Ships, and of 143,873 Tons, and a decrease of 231 Men.

24,9^8,336

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed,

x ,. j j n a- 1 r , That the total Sum to be raised in Great , within

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, the , 8 may be estimated as follows:

That the official value of Foreign Merchandize exported Tl^rpft on pubiie Funded Debt. Charts from Great Britain in the year ending the 5th January 1803, after deducting the excess arising from the valuation of Coffee, was £. 14,418,837, and on an average of six years, ending the 5th January 1803, was i?. 11,651,333:

> That the official value of Foreign Merchandize exported from Great Britain in the year ending the 5th January 1805, after deducting the excess arising from the valuation of Coffee, was £. 10,515,574, and on an average of six years, ending the 5th January 1805, was

£• 11,619,987 >;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the official value of Foreign Merchandize exported from Great Britain in the year ending the 5th January 1803, after deducing the excess arising from the valuation of Coffee, was £. 14,418,837, and on an average of six years, ending the 5th January 1803, was £, 11,651,333.

That the official value of Foreign Merchandize exported from Great Britain in the year ending the 5th January 1805, after deducting the excess arising from the valuation bn Coffee, was £. 10,515,574, and on an average of six years, ending the 5th January 1805, was £ 11,619,984.

Interest on Public Funded Debt, Charges of Management, Sinking Fund, on the 5th February 1805 ——

Interest, Charges of Management, &c. to be paid between the 5th February 1805 and 5th January 1806, on Stock created by Loans of the present Session to the amount of £.34,406,000, and on increase of Stock by re-payment of Loyalty - 1,430,901

Interest on Exchequer Bills, the amount iff'ued and bearing Interest exceeding £.20 ,000,000 ----- 1,000,000 Civil Government of Scotland, Pensions on Revenue, Militia and Deserters Warrants,

Bounties for promoting Fisheries, &c. estimated to lie the same as in the year ending 5U1 January 1805 ----- 930,336

Charges of Collecting and Management of the Revenue, estimated to be the same as in the year ending 5th January 1805 - - 2,135,176

Proportion to be defrayed by Great Britain, of the Civil Taft and other Charges on the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain (the Charges on the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, which is likewise a joint Charge, being included in the Supplies) 15/17th5 of

1,366,851 - - - , - - - 1,206,045

Supplies voted in 1805 for Great Britain exclusively - X 4,797,156

Supplies voted in 1805 for G

Britain and Ireland:

Navy - - £. 14,645,630

Army - - - 18,580,124

Ordnance - - 4,846,994

Miscellaneous - 1,619,781

Foreign Subsidies 3,300,000

—:-----

Deduct the proportion of* Q

Charge to be borne by ( 5>°° 1 >474 Irtlaml, <lj 17th5 - -) *—

38,111,055

Resolved, That in the year ending 5th January 1803, the number of British Vessels entered Inwards in Great Britain was 13,622; their Tonnage 1,793,333; and the number of Men employed in them, 108,669 :—That the number of British Vessels cleared Outwards was 13,012; their Tonnage 1,625,966; and the number of Men employed in them, 102,427:

That in the year ending 5th January 1803, the number of Foreign Vessels entered Inwards in Great Britain was 3,733; their Tonnage 480,241; and the number of Men employed in them, 27,737 :—And that the number of Foreign Vessels cleared outwards was 3,352; their Tonnage 461,823; and the number of Men employed in them 26,749.

Resolved, That in the year ending the 5th January Interest for Loans to the Emperor of 1805, the number of British Ships entered Inwards in Great Britain was 10,508; their Tonnage 1,395,387; and the number of Men employed to navigate them,

§2,979:—That the number of British Ships cleared Outwards was 11,131; their Tonnage 1,463,286; and the number of Men employed to navigate them,

93,748:

That in the year ending 5th January 1805, the number of Foreign Ships entered. Inwards in Great Britain was 4,271; their Tonnage 607,299; and the number of Men employed in them, 30,744 :—That the number of Foreign Ships cleared Outwards was 4,093; their Ton-

42,908,211

497>5*8

Making in the whole the Sum of - £. 75,036,533

There has also been borrowed in Great Britain, for the service of Ireland, £.4,000,000; and £.5,246,506 will be levied parochially for the maintenance of the Poor, estimating the sum required for this purpose to be the same as was required in the year ending Easter

1803;

And the previous Question being put. That that Quel* tion be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

45 Geo. IIL IF—12 * J, 49T

Resolved, That the total Sum to be provided by Great Britain for the year 1805, may be estimated as follows: Interest on Public Funded Debt, Charges of Management, and Sinking Fund, on the £.

5th February 1805 ----- 24,928,336

Interest, Charges of Management, &c. to be paid> between the 5th February 1805 and the 5th'January 1806, on the Stock created by Loans of the present Session, and by Five per cent. Annuities subscribed into other Funds ----- 1,344,901

Civil Government of Scotland, Pensions on Revenue, Militia and Deserters Warrants,

Bounties for promoting Fisheries, &c. &c. estimated to be the same as in the year ending 5 th January 1805 .... 930,336

Charges of collecting and management of the Revenue, estimated to be the same as in the year ending the 5th January 1805 - 2,135,176

Proportion to be defrayed by Great '* tain of the Civil List, and other Charges on the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain (the Charges on the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, which is likewise a joint Charge, being included in the Supplies) 15/17"" of £. 1,347,811 - 1,189,245

Supplies voted in 1805 for Great Britain, exclusively - - £. 4,797,157 Supplies voted in 1805 for Great Britain and Ireland, proportion to be defrayed by

Great Britain 15/17th* of X43,j92«533 " - 38,111,059

Interest for Loans to the Emperor of Ger-

rnamj

42,908,216

497,528

Making in the whole the film of - 73,933,738

Over Entries, Drawbacks, &c.) estimated £.

upon an average of three years ending/the

5th January 1805 ----- 33,810,444

Estimated Produce to the 5th January 1806, of Taxes imposed in the present Session - 1,200,000

Malt, and Personal Estates - 2,750,000

Small Branches of the Hereditary Revenue, and Imprest Monies repaid, estimated to be the same as iii the year ended 5th January 1805 ----- 350,000

Lotteiyr, after deducing the proportion of Ireland ----- 300,000

War Taxes, estimated to produce to 5th April 1806 ----- 14,500,000

Surplus Ways and Means for the year 1804 1,192,115

Loan - - - i - - 20,000,000

£■ 74,102,5594

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 12° die Julii;

Anno 45* Georgii III-1 Regis, 1805.

Prayers.

MR. Dickinson, junior, presented to the House, pur- Letter from

suant to their Order,—A Copy of a Letter from Navy Board the Navy Board to William Marfden, Esquire, dated pre^ntei 4th July 1804,—inclosing a Memorial to the Honourable House of Commons, in answer to the Third Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry:—And the Titles were read.

A Motion was made, and the Quell ion being proposed.

That the said Papers do lie upon the Table;

A Motion was made, and the Quell ion being proposed, That the Funds applicable to discharge the Sum required to be provided by Great Britain for the year 1805, may be estimated as follow:

The Gross Receipt of the Permanent Revenue, Hereditary Revenue, Imprest Monies repaid, (after deducting the re-payment of Over Entries, Drawbacks, &c.) estimated to ' produce the same as on an average of three £. years, ending 5th January 1805 - - 34,065,512

Estimated Produce, to the 5th January 1806, of the Permanent Taxes imposed in the present Section ----- 1,200,000

Malt, and Personal Efiatcs - 2,750,000

Lottery, after deducting the proportion of Ireland ----- 300,006

War Taxes, estimated to produce, to the 5th April 1806 ----- 14,500,000

Surplus of Ways and Means for the year 1804 ----- .1,192,115

Loan ----- 20,000,000

74,007,627

There has likewise been a Loan of ,£.4,000,000 for the Service of Ireland-, and ,£. 5,246,506 will be levied parochially for the maintenance of the Poor, estimating the Sum required for this purpose to be the same as was required in the year ending Easter 1803

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Stratford and M-flw fro® Mr. Harvey: LoHs, re-

w c7 , fpcfhng the

Mr. Speaker, Duke of

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, Athoir* Bill. That the Lords have taken t he Message of the Commons, of the fifth day of July instant, relating to the Message of the Lords, requelling the Commons to communicate to the Lords the Evidence upon which they passed the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on John now Duke of At holt, and the Heirs general of the seventh Earl of Derby-, and inform the Commons, that the Lords intended by their Message, to requell the Commons to communicate the information laid before the Commons relating to the fafts stated in the said Bill as the ground and foundation thereof; and the Lords conceive, that it is according to the practice ol Parliament for the Lords to requell of the Commons such information touching Bills passed by them.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Message into Message to

consideration. in aXcA

Ordered, That a Message be font to the Lords, to acquaint their Lordships, that the Commons have taken their Lordships Message, of this day, into consideration; but inasmuch as the nature of the Bill, mentioned in their Lordships Message, was for the express purpose of making a disposition of Public Money, the Commons conceive that the claim asserted in their Lordships Mef-sage is not warranted by the practice of Parliament, and doth intrench upon the Rights and Privileges of the Commons; from which they can never depart.

Ordered, That the Lord Glcnbervie do carry the said Message.

Befolved, That the Funds applicable to discharge the Sum required to be provided by Great Britain for the year 1805, may be estimated as follow .-The Gross Receipt of the Permanent Revenue (after deducting the re-payment of VOL. 60.

A Message by Mr. Quartne, Yeoman Usher of the Royal Assent Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commissions, for declaring His Royal Assent to several

6 L . Acts

498 12° JuVII—m* A. 1805.

Acts agreed upon by both Houses, and for proroguing this present Parliament, do desire the immediate attendance of this honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commissions read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers, where a Conunillion under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying, the Royal A fleet to th® several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also empowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, their Royal Highnefl'es the Duke of 'or/,-, the Duke of Clarence, the Duke of Kent, the Duke of Cumberland, the Duke of Sii/Je.v, the Duke of Cambridge, the Duke of the Lord

Arehbithop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Allent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Arehbithop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord President of the Council, and the Lord JIawke/bunj, named also in the fair! Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Allent to the said Balls: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Lund of Great Britain; and for applying certain Monies, therein mentioned, for the Service of Great Britain, for the year one thousand eight hundred and five; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament:

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on John now Duke of Atholl, and the Heirs general of the seventh Earl of Derby:

An Act for charging additional Duties on the Importation of Foreign Plate Glass into Great Britain:

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the fourth year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for preventing " inconveniencies arising in cases of Merchants, and " such other Persons as are within the description of the " Statutes relating to Bankrupts, being entitled to Privi-" lege of Parliament and becoming insolvent, and to " prevent delay in the entering appearances in Actions " brought against persons having Privilege of Parliament:"

An Act for the more effectual prevention of Smug* gling:

An Act to provide that the Proceedings, now depending in the House of Commons, upon Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, which have been exhibited against Henry Lord Viscount Melville, ilia.ll not be discontinued by any prorogation or diflblution of Parliament:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Dulwich, in the County of Sarr,y:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlets of Chel-mnrlon and Flagg, in the Parish of in tlte

County of Derby:

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tythings of Fifield, Cnombe, Long street, and in the

Parish of Enford, in the County of

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Cherry Orton, otherwi fe 'O erton Watervile, and in the County of Huntingdon.

And afterwards a Speech of the Lords Commissioners Speech of was delivered to both Houses, by the Lord High Chan- Lo^3 Ca«* cellor; which is as followeth; viz. l(>nen'

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

We have it in command from His Majesty, to express the satisfaction with which He has observed the proofs you have given, in the course of the present Session, of your conliant regard for the honour of His Crown, and the interelis of His Dominions; and particularly the measures which you have adopted for strengtliening His Majesty’s hands at this important eonjunfture, by the augmentation of the disposeable Military Force of the kingdom.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

His Majesty has directed us particularly to thank you, in His Majesty’s name, for the zeal and liberality with which you have granted the large Supplies, which tire neccllity of the Public Service has required.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

His Majesty has not yet been enabled to communicate to you the rofult of the Negociations in which He is engaged with Powers on the Continent; but you may rest allured, that no step will be omitted, on His Majesty’s part, for promoting such a concei t, as may afford the bell prospect of leltoring general and permanent tranquillity; or may, if necessary, furnish the means of repelling with vigour the continued encroachments on the part of the French Government, which threaten every day more and more the Liberty and Independence of all the Nations of Europe.

After which, a Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament until Thursday the twenty-second day of August next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the twenty-second day of August next.

An Act to indemnify Persons, who shall give Evidence against Henry Lord Vi 1 count Melville, upon the Impeachment voted against him by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, in respect of acts done by such Persons in any office or employment held by them under the said Lord Viscount Melville, during the time be held and enjoyed the office of Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy:

An Act to veil the Toicnlcia Collection of antient Sculpture, in the Trustees of th lor the

use of the Public:

An Act for allowing, under certain restrictions, until the first day of August one thousand eight hundred and six, the bringing a limited quantity of Coals, Culm, or Cinders, to London and Wcjlby Inland Navigation:

An Act for making and maintaining an Archway or Archways under the River , from the Parish of

Saint Mary Botherhithe in the County of Surrey, to the oppofiie lide of the said River in the County of

Midd'esex:

An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the powers of an Act, paded in the twentieth year of His present Majesty, for the better government and regulation of the Poor in the Town and Parish of Ma,in the County of Kent:

An Act for supplying the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Giles Camberwell, and parts of the Parish of Saint Mary's Lambeth, and several other Parishes and Places in the County of Surrey, with Water:

Jovis, 22° die Augusti;

• Anno 45* Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1805.

THE House being met, pursuant to the IaftProroga- Parliament tion; and Mr Speaker being in the country; . Pwro8ued-

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

Yeoman Ullier of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Assistant, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Thursday the 17th day of October next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 17th day of October next.

45-4(5 Geo. III. 17° Octobris—

Jovis, 17° die Octobris;

Anno 45° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1805.

ament ^THH E House being met, pursuant to the last Proroga-)fiued. J[ tion . ancj Mr. Speaker being in the country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Uihcr of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to bear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Afliltant, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commi.'fion was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Thursday the 28th day of November next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 28th day of November next.

IS0 Novem bris—7° Jan iiariL

Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Assistance, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Tuesday the 7th day of January next; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 7th day of January next.

Martis, 7° die Januarii;

Anno 46® Georgii III"1 Regis, 1806.

TH E House being met, pursuant to the last Proroga- Parliament tion; and Mr. Speaker being in the country; prorogued.

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme,

Yeoman Uiher of the Black Rod:

Jovis, 28° die;

Anno 46® Georgii III-"1 Regis, 1805.

lent r | 'H E House being met, pursuant to the last Proroga-icd. JL tion; and Mr. Speaker being in the country;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. 2uarme> Yeoman U er of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate attendance of this

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly the House, with the Clerk Assistant, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until Tuesday the 21ft day of this instant January; and the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuefdqy the 21ft day of this instant January.

Vol. 60.

appendix.

45 Geo. Ill

501

APPENDIX

TO THE

SIXTIETH VOLUME:

Sess. 1805*

APPENDIX. LIST of the APPENDIX. PAGE.

(No. i.) Jan —IRELAND-

An ACCOUNT of the Permanent Charge* on the Conciliated Fund of Ireland, as they flood on the 5th January 1804, as fer a* the fame can be ascertained 3*3.

1805. An ACCOUNT of the Particulars of the Charges imposed upon the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, exclusive of the Interest and Charge* of the Public Debt, from ift January 1709 to 5th January 1804$ specifying the Time when such Charges were made, and for whom, by Name, and by what Warrant or Authority - -- -- -- - ibid.

The Thirtieth REPORT of the Commissioners of Account of Ireland 5ZI-

(No. 2.) 23* Januarii. ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy; for the Year 1805 - An ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be neceflhry for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads ot Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Y*ar 1805 542- ibid.

An ESTIMATE of the Money that will be wanted for the Transport Service, and the Maintenance of Prisoners of War, in Health, at Home and Abroad, from the ift January to the 31ft December !8oj - 54^*

ESTIMATE of what Money will probably be wanted for the Service of Prisoners of VV’ar, ill Siekntfs, for each Month, in the Year 1803 - . / ibid.

(No. 3.) 24* januarii. —IRELAND— An ACCOUNT of the Sums of Money that have been granted for the Grand Canal of Ireland since the Commencement of that ibid.

(No. 4.) 24* Januarii. " DECLARATION,'’ dated * Downing Street, 24th January 1805" - - 548. 566,

2* Februarii. Further PAPERS relative to the Discussion with Spain in 1803 and 1804 568.

4* Februar Further PAPERS relative to the Discussion with Spain in 1803 and 1804 - 582.

6* Februarii. Further PAPERS relative to the Discussion with Spain in 1803 and 1804 - - 588.

(No. 5.) 25* Januarii. An ACCOUNT or Estimate of all Duties of Customs in Scotland, charged and outstanding on Bond, or otherwise, on 5th April 1803, and 5th April 1804, respectively} distinguishing the several Articles, and Temporary from Permanent Duties, so far as relate to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland - - 593- ..

29* Januarii. An ESTIMATE of all the Duties charged Great Britain, and outstanding on Bond, or otherwise, on the 5th Day of April 1803, and the 5th Day of April 1804, respe<5Uvely $ distinguishing the several Articles \ and Temporary from Permanent Duties, ibid.

25* Janu. North Britain.—An ACCOUNT or Estimate of the Duties of Excise charged and outstanding on Bond or otherwise, on the 5th of April 1803, and the 5th of April 1804, respectivelyj distinguishing the several Articles, and Temporary from Permanent Duties" - -- -- - - - -- -- - 594-

(No. 6.) *5* Januarii. An ACCOUNT of what Number of Ships from Scotland have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis’s Streights and the Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence fitted out, and at what Port discharged; also, what Quantity of Oil or Blubber, or Whale Fins, each Ship has imported, from the 10th of October 1803 to the 10th of October 1804 S95‘

(No. 7.) 25* Januarii. ABSTRACT of the Accounts of the Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament for erecting Lighthouses on the Northern Parts of Great Britain, at 5th July 1804 * * * ibid.

, , 1

502

List of Appendix.

A. 1805,

APPENDIX.

(No. 8.)

«5* Januarii.

(No. 9.) 28* ’Janu.

13* Februarii.

(No. 10.)

28" Januarii.

(No. 11.)

28* Januarii.

A LIST of Public Accountants, in respect of whom the Execution of any Process hath been controuled, llifpended, or prevented by Authority of His Majesty, within the Year preceding the Commencement of the present Session of Parliament -

An ACCOUNT of the Exports to the Spanish Ports, in the Years 1803 and 1804, as f*r as the (atne can be made out

An ACCOUNT of all the Exports from Scotland to the Spanish Ports, in the Years 1803 and 1804; distinguishing each Year, and the Exports from each Port ——

An ACCOUNT of the Unfunded Debt in Exchequer Bills outstanding on the 5th January 1805

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 Days -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, &c. including thos* serving at Gibraltar, in the Mediterranean, in Ceylon, and in New South Wales, from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 Days ......

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 Days -

PARTICULARS of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 Days ...... ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Regiments of Dragoons and Fifteen Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India, from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 Days ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons and Fifteen Companies of Foot, stationed in Great Britain, for the Purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East India, from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 Days ......

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty’s Land Forces, from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 Days -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and of the Royal thorps of Miners of Devon and Cornwall, from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 Days ......

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Year 1803 - - ......

ESTIMATE of the Chargd of Cloathing for the Embodied Militia in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, for the Year 1805 ...... -

I ESTIMATE of the Charge of Full Pay for Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’i Forces, from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 Days ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowance to the principal Officers of the several Departments therein mentioned, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences, and of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General, from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 363 Days - - - - * - - " - * - . -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Increased Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others, on Quartering Soldiers of an Allowance of Lodging Money to be made to the Inhabitants of North Britain, on whom Soldiers may be quartered of an Allowance to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty’s Land Forces, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for Small Beer j and of an Allowance to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty’s Forces, while on a March in that part of the said United Kingdom, called Ireland; from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 Days ......

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces of Great B ri tain and Ireland; from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 Days -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces, from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 Days ......

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, in the Service of The States General; from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 Days - ...... B

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the In-PenTioness of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham, and of the Internal Expences of the said Hospitals, from 25th December 1804 to 24thJ)ecember 1805, both inclusive, being 365 Days -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainham, from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 Days ......

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces, for the Year 1803

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Foreign Corps in the Service of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 Days ......

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General Hospital Expences of His Majesty’s Forces in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland including the Provision of Medicaments for General and Regimental Hospitals $ and the Charge of the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin for Sick and Wounded Soldiers; from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1803, both inclusive, being 365 Days ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Royal Military College, for the Year 1805 ......

INo I ) PARTICULARS of the Annual Expence of the General Staff Royal Military College, for the Year V # 1805 ...... r ......

/No. 2.) PARTICULARS of the Annual Expence of the Senior Department Royal Military College, for the Year 1805 ......

fNo. 3.) PARTICULARS of the Annual Expence of the Junior Department Royal Military College, for die v Year 1803 ...... - - - ......

ESTIMATE

page,

595-

596.

ibid.

ibid.

597.

599-

ibid.

€00. 60 a.

ibid.

603.

ibid.

604.

66 j.

ibid.

606.

607.

ibid.

ibid.

ibid.

60S.

ibid.

609-

ibid.

ibid.

610.

ibid.

ibid.

ibid.

45 Geo. III.

List of Appendixi

5(33

appendix.

(No. ii.) 2Se Janu,

continued.

(No. 12.)

29° ’januarii.

(No. 13O

29* Januarii.

(No. 14.)

29' Januarii.

PAGE.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea, for the Year 1805

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Barrack Department in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, From 25 th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 Days - ......

ABSTRACT of the abore Estimates -

6l I.

6lZ.

ibid.

An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of the Permanent Taxes and the War Taxes, for the Year ending 5th January 1805 j distinguishing each Quarter, and diiiinguishing the Produce of the Permanent Taxes and the War Taxes - - - -I 61^.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, for the Year

1805 5 also of the said Charge in Ireland for the said Year-Land Service - - J 614*

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of Premiums, Bounties, and Sums of Money, expended under the Authority of the Act of the 41ft Geo. III. cap. 99. for granting Bounties for taking and bringing Fish to the Cities of London and Westminster, and other Places in the United Kingdom, which Premiums or Bounties have been given in consequence of Directions from thfe Lords 1 Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury - - *- - - - - -I

(No. 15.)

a® Februarii.

4® Februarii.

6® Februarii. 1* Februarii.

RETURN of the Number of Effective Men in Foreign Levies and Provincial Corps formed or forming for the Service of Great Britain -

RETURN of the Number of Effective Recruits raised for the Two new Battalions now recruiting in Scotland for General Service, and for the Four new Battalions now recruiting in Ireland for General Service j distinguishing the Recruits intermediately approved from those finally approved, by the latest Returns, with the Dates of the Letters of Service of the said Corps -

RETURN of the Number of Men finally approved, Who have been raised by Officers recruiting for kank, exclusive of the Recruits | enlisted for General Service for the Two new Battalions railing in Scotland, and the Four new Battalions railing in Ireland

RETURN of the Number of Recruits finally approved for General Service, from ill: June 1804 ‘to ift January 1805^ and recruited by Recruiting Staff in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland) distinguishing the Number who have received Bounty as Boys -

RETURN of the Number of Effective Men raised in the United Kingdom for the Levy now recruiting by Colonel French for General Service, specifying the Number of Recruits finally approved up to the last: Return, together with the Date and Terms of I the Letter of Service, and the Number of Officers who have been appointed to the said Levy - * -

STATE of the British Forces at Home and on Foreign Stations, on the ill of January 1804 -

STATE of the British Forces at Home and on Foreign Stations, on the ift of January 1805

RETURNS of the Number of Effective Men raised under Three Acts, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for establishing and 1 maintaining a Permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and for other Purposes relating thereto j with a Recapitulation -

RETURN of the Number of Effective Men enlisted from the Army of Reserve into His Majesty's Regular Forces for General Service, up to the last Return; distinguishing those enliited previous to the ift of June last, from such as have been enlisted subsequent to that Period

RETURN of the Number of Recruits finally approved for Unlimited Service, from the ift of June 1804 to the ift of January 1805, in the United Kingdom, for Regiments at Home and Abroad, exclusive of the Recruits enlisted for the Two new Battalions railing in Scotland, and the Four new Battalions raising in Ireland, for General Service, and of those raised by Officers for Rank -

RETURN of the Number of Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers that have been detached from their respective Regiments, for the purpose of receiving Men expected to be raised under an Act of the last Session, intituled, "An Act for establish-« big and maintaining a Permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty's Regular Forces, and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England"

RETURN of the Deaths, Discharges, and Desertions, which have taken place from the Army at Home, frwn the ift May to the 31ft December 1803, also, from the ill January to the 31ft December 1804.

ABSTRACT of the Number of Casualties which have taken place in the Army Abroad since the Commencement of the War, as far as can be afeerrained from Returns which have been received at the Adjutant General's Office -

COPY of Letter of Service to Colonel French of the late load Foot, and Captain Sandon of the Royal Waggon Train, datec 30th April 1804

RETURN of the Number of Recruits enlisted and approved for the Royal Regiment of Artillery, the Horse Brigade, the Brigade of Gunners and Drivers, and the Companies of Foreign Artillery, between ill January 1804 and ill January 1805

RETURN of the Number of Recruits enlisted and approved for the Royal Regiment of Artillery, the Horse Brigade, the Brigade of Gunners and Drivers, and the Companies of Foreign Artillery, between the ill June 1804 and the ift January 1805

RETURN of the Non-commissioned Officers, Privates, and Artificers, belonging to the Royal Regiment of Artillery, including Horse Brigade, Brigade of Gunners and Drivers, and the Companies of Foreign Artillery, on the ill of January 1804

RETURN of the Non-commissioned Officers, Privates, and Artificers, belonging to the Royal Regiment of Artillery, including Horse Brigade, Brigade of Gunners and Drivers, and the Companies of Foreign Artillery, on the ift of January 1805

RETURN of the Number of Recruits enlisted and approved for the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, between ift January 1S04 and ift: January 1803 ...... -

RETURN of the Number of Recruits enlisted and approved for the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, between lit June 1804 and ift January 1805. ...... - ......

RETURN of the Non-commissioned Officers, Privates, Artificers and Labourers, belonging to the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, on the ift of January 1804; specifying the Total of the said Corps serving in the United Kingdom, Jersey, and Guernsey, and the Total serving Abroad ——

RETURN of the Non-commissioned Officers, Privates,-Artificers and Labourers, belonging to the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, on the ift of January 1805 3 specifying the Total of the said Corps serving in the United Kingdom, Jersey, and Guernsey, and the Total serving Abroad ......

ABSTRACT of the Eight last Returns +

RETURN

• ibid.'

620.

ibid.

ibid.

ibid.

621;

ibid.

622.

628.

629.

ibid.

6jo.

ibid.

631.

ibid, ibid,

632. ibid, ibid, ibid.

*33-

ibid.

ibid.

504

List of Appendix

A. 1805.

APPENDIX.

(n"5.)

I continued.

18° Febru

li* Febru

22* Februarii-.

I. Martii.

4® Martii.

6* Martii.

•j* Martii. 13* Martii.

• 21* Marti

10* Aprilis.

* Maii. 14* 7«*«.

19® 7»«.

RETURN of the Number of Recruits raised for the Army; from the ift January to the 31ft December 1804 - -

RETURN of the Effedlive Strength of the Royal Veteran and Garrison Battalions, as per latest Returns -

RETURN of the Rank and Number of the Officers and the Number of the Non-commissioned Officers attached to the Establish ment of the Inspector General of Recruits, or employed under his Orders; together with the Expence of the fame, for the Year 1802 ...... -

RETURN of the Rank and Number of the Officers, and the Number of the Non-commissioned Officers attached to the Establishment of the Inspector General of Recruits, or employed under his Orders $ together with the Expence of the fame, for the Year 1803

RETURN of the Rank and Number of the Officers, and the Number of the Non-commissioned Officers, attached to the Establishment of the Inspector General of Recruits, or employed under his Orders j together with the Expence of the fame, for the Year 1804

RETURN of die Number of Etfe&ive Men added to the Army engaged for General Service, between the ifl of June 1804 and the ift of January 1805; distinguishing Cavalry and Infantry; also, the Number of Volunteers from Limited for Unlimited Service, as far as can be ascertained - - - . . .

RETURN of the Number of Men raised under the Army of Reserve Act, between ift January and 29th June 1804 -

RETURN of the Number of Effe6live Men added to the Royal Regiment of Artillery engaged for General Service, and serving in the United Kingdom, between ift June 1804 and Ift January 1805 -

RETURN, shewing the Number of Effe6live Men added to the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers for General Service, and serving in the United Kingdom, between ift June 1804 and ift January 1805 -

RETURN of the Number of Recruits raised for the Army, from the ift of January 1804 to the ift of February 1S05; specifying the Numbers raised in each Month ——

COPIES of all Circular Letters addressed by any of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State to His Majesty's Lieutenants of Counties, respecting the execution of Acts 44 Geo.. III. c. 56. & 66. -

RETURN of the Number of Men raised under the Defence Act, since the last Return, dated the 4th of February 1805

COPY of the Circular Genital Irtftruttions from the Inspector General of the Army of ReservC to the Persons appointed by him to assist the Lieutenancy of Counties in the execution of Act 44 Geo. III. c. 56. -

An ACCOUNT of the Deficiencies in the several Regiments of the Militia of Great Britain at the present Time -

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Men deficient under the Army of Reserve Act, on the 29th of June 1804 -

An ACCOUNT of the Expence of Arms, Accoutrements, Drums, and other Articles, and of Ammunition, issued for the Volunteer Service in "Great Britain 5 from ift June 1803 to ift January 1805 -

STATEMENT of the Sums expended in Great Britain for the Volunteer Service, between the ift Day of June 1803 and the ill Day of January 1805 $ specifying particularly bow much thereof has been applied to the following Heads j viz. Attendance at Drill—inspection—Permanent Duty—Drill Serjeants, Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, Inspecting Field Officers, Brigadier Generals, Majors of Brigade, Aides Du Camp, &c.—and Cloathing ——

A RET URN of the Number of Effe6live Men serving in the Regiments of Militia in Great Britain, from the latest Returns

Weekly RETURNS of the Number of Men raised under the Additional Force Act j from the ill of February to the 5th of April 1805 * . - - .. ......

STATEMENT of the Mode of issuing the Eunds applicable to the VoliinteeT Service through the Office of the Agent General, with an Account of the Expence of that Establishment, from the ifl of June 1803 to the ill of January 1805 j specifying the different Heads under which the fame has been issued -

An ACCOUNT of Pay to the Staff of the Volunteers; from the 24th of September 1804 to the ift of January 1805

General RETURN of the Number of Men who have volunteered from the several Regiments of Militia in Great Britain into the Regular Army and Royal Marines, under the Act of Parliament passed 1 oth April 1805 *•---

RETURN of the Total Effe6live Strength of the British Army at Home and Abroad, on the ift May 1805 - -

RETURN of Men raised under the Additional Force Bill, from ift January to 30th April 1805 - * -

RETURN of the Number of Recruits raised by the ordinary Mode of Recruiting, from the fft of January to the ift of May 1835

RETURN of the Deaths, Discharges, and Desertions, which have taken place in the Army at Home, from the ifl January to the ift May 1805 ...... -

RETURN of the Deaths, Discharges, and Desertions, which have taken place in the Army at Home, from ift May to 31ft December 1803 j also, from ift January to 31ft December 1804 ——

RETURN of Casualties which have taken place in the Army Abroad, since the ift of May 1803 to the latest Periods in the Year 1804, for which Returns have been received from the several Foreign Stations -

RETURN of the Total Number of Casualties which have taken place in the Army Abroad, during the latest Twelve Months, for which Returns have been received from the East Indies, commencing with the ift May 1803, and ending 30th April 1804

RETURN of the Deaths, Discharges, and Desertions which have taken place in the Army at Home, from ift May 1804 to lft May 1805 ——

f age.

634.

ibid.

635-

636.

637-

ibid.

ibid.

638.

ibid.

639-

642.

643*

644.

645.

ibid*

' ibid 646*

647.

663.

ibid

666, 667. ibid, ibid*

663.

mi

66 9. 6]0.

ibid*

RETURN of the Number of Men added to the Army for General Service (exclusive of new Levies) from ill May 1804 to ift May 1805 - w ...... - ......

RETURN of the Number of Men added to the Army for General Service by new Levies, between ift May 1804 and ift May 1805 * -

A STATEMENT of the Amount of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Force on 24th June and 24th December 1804; shewing the Diminution which took place in the latter Half Year -

RETURN of the Battalions allotted for the Reception of Men to be raised under the Additional Force Act of last Session; shewing the Number of Battalions and their Total Effellive Strength in Officers and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, on ill May 1805 \ also, an Account of the Sums voted by Parliament for the said Battalions, under the following separate Heads, viz. First, Pay of Officers—Second, Charge for Cloathing Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men—Third, Agency—Fourth, Annual Allowances to Field Officers and Captains, and for Great Coats—Fifth, Pay and Daily Allowances to Non-commissioned Officers and Private Meu-^and Sixth, the Total Amount voted for the said Battalions -

RETURN of the Effective Strength of the Royal Veteran and Garrison Battalions on the ift of May 1805 -

RETURN

ibid*

671.

ibid1

6?i.

ibid.

45 Geo. IIL

List of Appendix.

505

APPENDIX.

(No. 15.) RETURN of the Number of Effective Men raised under an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, (t An Act for 2 q® Jnniiy " establishing and maintaining a Permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting

continued. " His Majesty’s Regular Forces, and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England," from the 6th Day of April la It to

the Period of the lait Returns, Rating the Number of Effective Men raised per Week; distiiiguishing the Number provided in each Country, by the Parish Officers; from such as have been recruited on account of the Parishes by Oilicers in His Majesty’s Service; and also specifying the Number of Effective Men raised under the said Act, who have, within the above Period, eniifted into His Majesty’s Regular Forces for General Service

21# Junii. An ACCOUNT, Shewing the Number of Soldiers who have been discharged the Honourable the East India Company's Service, and returned to Europe, from the Year 1788 to the Year 1794, both inclusive

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Recruits sent to India in the Service of the United East India Company, from the Season 1788 to 1794, both inclusive -

ANNUAL RETURNS of the E/Fedlive Strength of the Eafl India Company's European Army, from 1788 to 1794 inclusive

Jlinii. I RETURN of the Number of Men wanting to complete His Majesty's Regular European Cavalry and Infantry, on the ift of May 1805; distinguishing the British from the Foreign Troops, and the General from Limited Service

ABSTRACT of the Returns of Men raised under the Permanent Additional Force Act; shewing the Number of Men raised in England and Wales, from the passing of the Act to the ill of February 1805, and from the ift of February to the present Time also, the fame with respect to Scotland and Ireland severally; together with all the other particulars as specified in the Recapitulation of limilar Returns already presented to the House from the Inspector General’s Office

25* Junil. I RETURN of the Number of Recruits eniifted and approved for the Royal Regiment of Artillery, the Horse Brigade, the Brigade of Gunners and Drivers, and the Companies of Foreign Artillery, between the ill January and ill June 1805

RETURN of the Non-commissioned Officers, Privates, and Artificers belonging to the Royal Regiment of Artillery, including the Horse Brigade, Brigade of Gunners and Drivers, and Companies of Foreign Artillery, on the ill of June 1805 -

RETURN of the Number of Recruits eniifted and approved for the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, between the ill January and ill June 1805

RETURN of the Non-commissioned Officers, Privates, Artificers, and Labourers, belonging to the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, on the ill of June 1805; specifying the Total of the said Corps serving in the United Kingdom, Jersey, and Guernsey, and the Total serving Abroad

RETURN of the Deaths, Difdiarges, and Desertions, which have taken place in the Army at Home, from the ill May 1803 to the 31ft December 1804 -

l6° Junii. I RETURN of the Total Effe<5live Strength of the British Army at Home and Abroad, on the ill June 1805

RETURN of the Number of Men wanting to complete His Majesty’s Regular European Cavalry and Infantiy, on the ill June 1805 j distinguishing the British from the Foreign Troops, and the General from Limited Service

RETURN of the Number of Men which have eniifted into the Royal Marines from the Militia, under the Act of the present Session, according to the latell Returns

RETURN of the Number of Men who have volunteered from the Regiments of Militia in Great Britain, under the Act of Parliament passed 10th of April 1805, into the Regular Army and Royal Marines

27° Junii. I RETURN of the Number of Men raised for the new Levies, between the ift January and the id May 1805, which are included in the Adjutant General’s Return of Recruits raised during that Period by the ordinary Mode of Recruiting

RETURN of the Number of Men who have volunteered from the Militia into the Regular Army, under the Act of the lOih April 1805, who are included in the Adjutant General’s Return of the Efledlive Strength of the Army on the i ll of May 1805 -

PAGE.

674.

676*

ibid.

ibid.

ibid*

677.

ibid, ibid,

678.

ibidi

ibid.

679.

ibid.

68<x

681.

ibid.

ibid.

(No. 16.)

2° Februar

ESTIMATE of the Sums that maybe required for the Service of the Barrack Department in Great Britain, in the Year 1805 -

(No. 17.)

4* Februarii.

(No. 18.)

6° Februarii.

8° Februarii.

(No. 19.) i° Februarii.

An ESTIMATE of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it Hood on the 31ft December 1804

An ACCOUNT from die Bank of England of the Receipt and Expenditure of £.6,851,201. 10/. Iod. in One Year, from 3d February 1804 to 31ft January 1805, by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and of the Receipt of I £.1,698,926. 13 j. to be applied in the Quarter between ill February and ill May 1805 -

The ANNUAL ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Year ending the 31ft January 1805 ----- ......

An ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be wanted for the Relief of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of France* ToulGnefe Dutch, and Corsican Emigrants, and American Loyalists, for the Year 1805 -

An ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be wanted to defray the Expence attending the confining, maintaining, and employing

Convicts at Home, for the Year 1805 - -- ......

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that may be wanted in the present Year, to complete the Payment of Sums awarded to be paid by the British Government, pursuant to the 7th Article of the Treaty between His Britannick Majesty and the United States of I

America ......

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that may probably be wanted to defray the Expence of Law Charges, for the present Year

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that may probably be wanted to defray the Expence of the Public Office, Bow Street, for the present Year ......

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that may probably be wanted to defray the Charge of Printing and Stationajy, for the Two Houses of Parliament, for the present Year ......

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads in North Britain, for the Year 1805 - ->

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that may probably be wanted for Protestant Distenting Ministers m England and Ireland, and for the Relief of the Poor French Refugees, for the present Year ......

An ESTIMATE of the Extraordinary Expences that may be incurred for Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin of this Kingdom, in the present Year ......

An ESTIMATE of the Sura that may probably be wanted for the Ministers of the Vaudois Churches, for the present Year

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that may be probably wanted for defraying the Charge of the Superintendance of Aliens, according to the Provisions of an Act, passed in the 43d Year of His present Majesty, for the present Year ......

An ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be wanted for His Majesty’s Foreign and other Secret Services, for the Year 1805

ESTIMATE

ibid.

682.

68$.

684.

692.

ibid.

ibid.

ibid.

ibid.

693-

ibid.

ibid.

ibid.

ibid.

ibid.

694.

Vol. 60.

6 N

50(5

List of Appendix.

A. 1805.

APPENDIX.

(No. 19.) 8° Februarii, continued.

(No. 40.)

12® Februarii.

13® Februarii.

(No. a 1.) 13® Februarii.

(No. 22.) 14® Februarii.

(No. 23.) 14® Februarii.

17* Februarii.

ESTIMATE of the probable Amount of Bills drawn, and to be drawn, from New South Wales, which may become due in the course of the Year 1805 - * . - -• - -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the lfl of January to the 31st of December 1805

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establirtunent of the Bermudas (or Somers Islands) from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1805 - ......

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the ill of January to the 31st of December 1803.* ...... -.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, from the ill of January to the 31st of December 1803 -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Dominica, from the id of January to the 31st of December 1803 -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Edablishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, now called Prince Edward’s Island, from the id of January to the 3 id of December 1805 ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Edablishment of the Island of Newfoundland, in America, from the id of January to the 3 id of December 1803 -

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Edablishment of the Province of Upper Canada, in America, from the id of January to the 31 d of December 1803 ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Edablishment of the Bahama Islands, in America, in addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from the ill of January to the 31 d of December 1805

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Edablishment of New South Wales, from the id of January to the 31 d of December 1805 ...... ——

The GENERAL ACCOUNT of the British Museum 1804; and Edimate of Accounts for 1805 - - - -»

The BRITISH MUSEUM New Building Account -

RETURN to the Order of the House of Commons of the 12th February 180$, requiring an Account of the Number of Persons admitted to visit the British Museum within the lad Six Months, and the Regulations under which they have been admitted to visit the lame -

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that will be wanted to defray the Expence of the Purchase of a House for the Official residence of the Judge Advocate General ——

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that will be wanted to defray Bills of the Ulher of the Court of Exchequer, for supplying the Court and Officers with Stationary, &c. for the Year 1805 -

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that may probably be wanted for defraying the Extra Charge for Messengers of the Three Secretaries of State, for the Year 1805 -

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that may probably be Wanted for defraying the Extra Charge for Contingencies of the Three Secretaries of State, for the Year 1805 -

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that will be wanted to be paid to Sheriffs for Conviction of Felons, and Overpayments, for the Year 1805 ......

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued per Act 44 Geo. III. cap. 81, intituled, €t An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of £. 2,500,000* for the Use and Purposes thereinafter mentioned," outdanding and unprovided for -

—IRELAND— I

An ESTIMATE of the Expences of the Corporation for paving, cleaning, and lighting the Streets of Dublin, for the Service of One Year, from the 5th January 1805 to the 5th January 1806 ——

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Linen Board, from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806..

ESTIMATE of the Expences of Civil Buildings, for One Year, from 5th January 1805 to 5 th January 1806 -

ESTIMATE of the Expence of printing and bidding 230 Copies of the A&3 45 Geo. III. -

ESTIMATE of the Expence of publishing Proclamations, &c. in The Dublin Gazette, and other Newspapers, for One Year,

ending 5 th January 1806 - -- - ......

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Printing, Stationary, and other Disbursements, for the Chief and Under Secretaries Offices and Apartments, and other Public Offices, in Dublin Cadle, &c*; and for the Riding Charges, and other Expences, of the Deputy Pursuivants and Extra Messengers attending the said Offices j for One Year, from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806 -

ESTIMATE of the probable Charge for Treasury Incidents in Ireland, for One Year, from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806

ESTIMATE of the probable Expence of apprehending Public Offenders in Ireland, for One Year, from 5th January 1805

to 5th January 1806 ......

ESTIMATE of the probable Expence of Criminal Prosecutions, and other Law Expences in Ireland, for One Year, from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806 ——

ESTIMATE of the probable Expenditure of His Majesty’s Gold Mine at Croaghan, in the County of Wicklow, Ireland, from ill January 1805 to ill January 1806 - -- -- - ......

ESTIMATE of the Expence of supporting the Protestant Charter Schools of Ireland, for One Year, from 5 th January 1805 to 5th January 1806 ——

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin, for One Year, from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806

ESTIMATE of the probable Charge of the Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin, for One Year, ending 5th January 1806 -

ESTIMATE of the Sum requisite to maintain the Hibernian School for Soldiers Children, for One Year, from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806, and to provide for the Deficiency on the Estimate of Parliamentary Grant, for the Year ending £th January 1805 ——

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Female Orphan House, Circular Road, Dublin, for One Year, from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806, for One Hundred and Forty Children -

ESTIMATE

PAGE.

694.

ibid.

ibid.

ibid.

ibid.

ibid.

ibid.

ibid.

695.

ibid.

ibid.

ibid. 69 6.

ibid.

697.

ibid.

ibid.

ibid\ ibid.

ibid,

698.

ibid.

ibid.

ibid.

ibid.

ibid.

699.

ibid.

ibid.

ibid.

ibid. 70 o. ibid.

ibid.

70!*

45 Geo. III.

List of Appendix;

APPENDIX

(No. 23.) yf Febru

continued.

4* Martii. ji° Matt.

20* Juttii.

2 5* Junii.

(No. 24.)

5* Februarii.

(No. 25.)

;* Februarii.

An ACCOUNT of the Extraordinary Expences of the Army incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of I His Majesty’s Forces, from the 35th of December 1803 to the 34th of December 1804, both inclusive -

An ACCOUNT of the Distribution of the Money granted by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of 2,500*000. for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; inclosing

(A.)—Appropriation to the Army ——

(3.)—Appropriation to the Navy ——

:n. 26.)

* Februarii. 6° Martii.

No. 27.)

Februarii.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Salt Exported from Great Britain to the Continent of Europe and Africa, for Three Years, ended the 5th of January 1805; distinguishing Rock from White Salt, and also distinguishing each Year ——

An ACCOUNT of the Net Amount or Net Payment of the Duty on Salt for England and Scotland, for Three Years, ended 5th July 1804; distinguishing each Year - - ......

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Salt Exported from Great Britain to the Continent of Europe, for Three Years, ended 5th January 1805; distinguishing Rock Salt from White Salt, and distinguishing each Year -

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Duties on Horses kept for the purpose of riding or of drawing Carriages chargeable with Duty; and also, the Amount of the Duties on Husbandry Horses, and on other Horses and Mules, in Great Britain, for the Years ending 5th April 1803 and 1804} distinguishing each Year and Duty -

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Horses kept for the purpose of Riding, or of drawing Carriages, chargeable with Duty in England and Wales, for Three Years ending the 5th April 1804, and distinguishing each Year -

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Husbandry Horses, and other Horses and Mules, chargeable with the respective Duties of Ten Shillings, Twelve Shillings and Six Pence, and Six Pence, in England and Wales, for Three Years, ending the 5th of April 1804s distinguishing each Year -

STATEMENT of the Amount of the Groft Estimates, and of the Net Assessments, under the Property Act, for the Year ending 5th of April 1804 ...... ......

5

-IRELAND—

ESTIMATE of Expences proposed to be incurred by the Artociation for discoiintenancing Vice, See. for One Year, from 5th | January 1805 to 5th January 1806 -

ESTIMATE of the Expences for supporting the Westmorland Lock Hospital in Dublin, for One Year, from jth January 1805 to j 5th January 1806 ...... -

ESTIMATE of the Expence of supporting the House of Industry, Dublin, from 5th January 1805 to~ 5th January 1806

ESTIMATE of the Expence of maintaining Eighty Platients in the House of Recovery and Fever Hospital, Cork Street, Dublin, for One Year, commencing 5th January 1805 -

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Lying-in Hospital, Dublin, for One Year, from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806 —

ESTIMATE for nccertary Repairs of Madam Stevens's Hospital ——

ESTIMATE of the Expence of fitting up and supporting a Penitentiary in Dublin, for Employment of Persons sentenced to Transportation, and young Criminals convicted in a summary way before Justices of the Peace, for One Year, from jth January 1805 to 5th January 1806 -

ESTIMATE af the Expence of the Dublin Society, for the Year 1805

ESTIMATE of the Expences of the Farming Society of Ireland, for One Year, ending Jth January 1806 -

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Office of the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests, for One Year, from jth January 1805 to 5 th January 1806 ——

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Commissioners for making wide and tonvsniexit Streets in the City of Dublin; for One Year, from jth Jandary 18oj to 5th January 1806, and of their Annual Funds ——

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Roman Catholic Seminary in Ireland, for One Year, ending the jth January f8o6 -

ESTIMATE for building the intended Hall for the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland -

ESTIMATE of the Expence necessary to complete the Repairs of the Parish Church of Saint Andrew, Dublin

ESTIMATE of the Expence of Pratique in the Port of Dublin, for One Year, to the 5th of January 1806

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Board of First Fruits, for One Year, to the 5th of January 1806 -

ESTIMATE of the Expence of improving the Harbour of Howth, near Dublin -

An ESTIMATE of the Sums necessiuy for the Remuneration of several Public Officers in Ireland, for their extraordinary Trouble, in the Year 1805 -

ESTIMATE of the Sum necessary for the Support of the Non-conforming Ministers of Ireland, for One Year -

P A G fi.

jdt.

ibid.

• 702.

ibid.

703.

ibid.

7 outbid. 710.

ibid.

ibid.

7*1.

ibid.

713’

ibid.

ibid.

7X4»

ibid.

ibid.

7*5-

720.

ibid.

ibid.

ibid.

721.

ibid.

ibid.

ibid.

7%i

ibid.

0. 28.)

-ebruarii

An ACCOUNT of the Exchequer Bills outstanding, on the 14th February l8oj, charged on any of the Supplies of the Year 1804; and distinguishing the Act under which the lame were issued -

ibid.

0. 29.)

7ebruarii.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Hops grown in the County of Surtex, from the Year 1789 to the end of the Year 1804, both inclusive; distinguishing, in Hundred Weights, the Quantity grown in each Year, as the Tax was levied for the fame

723-

>. 30.)

ebruarii.

A RETURN of the Number of Spanish Prisoners now in this Kingdom; distinguishing those who were detained, previous to the Declaration of War, by the Spanish Government, on the 12th December 1804, and those who were Passengers from those who were Officers or Privates in the Navy or Army - - - * ——

COPY of an Order from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Commissioners for the TfanfJ>ort Service, dated 23d January 1805, to consider the Officers and Men detained in Spanish Ships as Prisoners of War* and to intimate to them that their private Property will be restored ——

ibid.

ibid.

5-3i.)

dartii.

»• 32-)

Vfartii,

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Notes of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England in Circulation, ofl the 15th Day of each Month, from December 1803 to ijth February 1805 inclusive; distinguishing the Notes under Five Pounds

724-

—IRELAND—

An ACCOUNT of all Pensions on the Irish Establishment, granted since the ift of January 1804, so far as the fame can be made out; specifying the Date of the fame, and the Term of Lives or Years for which they have been respectively granted

ibid.

508

List of Appendix.

A. 1805.

At'Ffc.NDIX.

(No. 33.)

7* M 27* J

(No. 34.)

11* Martii.

4 6* Junii.

(No. 35.) 12* Martii.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of Money which have been issued, by His Majesty's Orders, pursuant to the Addresses of the House of Commons, and ^hicli h.ive not been made godd by Parliament -

An ACCOUNT of all Monies which have been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to the Addresses of the House of Commons, ami which have not been made good by Parliament

-----r — -----" ' " 1

An ACCOUNT of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List ReVeriues (not being past of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List), and which have not been replated by Parliament -

An ACCOUNT of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List Revenues (not being part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List), and which have not been replaced by Parliament

—IRELAND—

An ACCOUNT of the Commissioners far the Red it £t ion of the National Debt of Ireland, to the Jth of January 1804—Seventh Year An ACCOUNT of the Progress made in the Reduction of the Public Funded Debt of Ireland, to the 5th of January 1804 -An ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National l>ebt of Ireland, to 5th of January 1805—Eighth Year -An ACCOUNT of the Progress made in the Reduction of the Public Funded Debt of Ireland, to the 5th of ^nuary 1805 -

PAGE.

724-

ibid.

725-

ibid.

726.

729.

730. 733*

(No. 36.) 14* Martii.

RESOLUTIONS reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty ——

(No. 37.) if Martii.

An ACCOUNT of the Charges on the Civil List Revenues for Arrears, to the 5th of January 1804, and for the Quarters ending the 5th of April and 5th of July 1804, as appears by the Estimates laid before Parliament in the last Session, and the actual ~ Payments which have been made to discharge the fame; shewing the Excess or Diminution of the Charges paid, compared with the said Estimates - - a ......

(No. 38.)

18* Martii.

(No. 39.) 25* Martii. 2l* Martii.

*2* Martii.

21* Martii.

12* fytartii. *T4* Februarii.

MINUTE of the Lords of the Council respecting Licences to be granted for the Exportation and Importation of Goods to and from France, Spain, and Holland - - * . -

An ACCOUNT of the Ordinary Revenues, and Extraordinary Resources, constituting the Public Income of Great Britain, for the Year ended the 5th of January 1805 ——

An ACCOUNT of the Income of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, for the Year ended the 5th thy of January 1803 5 and also, the Actual Payments thereout within the (kid Year, and of the future Annual Charge upon the said Fund, as it stood on the 5 th Day of January 1805 ——

An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of all the Permanent Taxes of Great Britain, taken for Two Years^ ending respectively the Jth January 1804 and jth January 1805 -

An ACCOUNT of the Value of all Imports into, and all Exports from. Great Britain, for Eighteen Years, ending the jtli of January 1805 - -

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, which have been Annually built and registered

in the several Ports of the British Empire, between the 5th January 1803 and the 5th January 1805 -

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys usually employed in navigating the fame, which belonged to the several Ports of the British Empire, on the 30th September, in the Years 1803 and 1804 -

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys employed in

navigating the same, including their repeated Voyages, which entered Inwards, and cleared Outwards, in the several Ports of England, from or to all parts of the World, between the jth January 1804 and the 5th January i8oj -

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys employed in navigating the same, including their repeated Voyages* which entered Inwards, and cleared Outwards, in the several Ports of Scotland, from or to all parts of the World, between the 5th January 1804 and the jth January 180J -

An ACCOUNT, shewing how the Public Monies remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the Jth Day of January 1804, together with the Monies paid into the fame during the Year ending the 5th Day of January *8oj, and the Monies paid out of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the said Year, in anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, together with the Amount of the Exchequer, Navy, and Transport Bills issued, and not redeemed during the said Year, have been actually applied - ‘ -

An ACCOUNT of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, as the same stood on the jft Day of February 1805 -

An ACCOUNT of the Progress made in the Redemption of the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, at ift February 180J

An ACCOUNT of the Unfunded Debt and Demands outstanding on the 5th Day of January 1805

An ACCOUNT, shewing how the Monies given for the Serviceof the Year 1804 have been disposed of * distinguished under their several Heads, so far at relates to Great Britain ——

(No/40.) 5* Marttu

—IRELAND—

An ACCOUNT of the Ordinary Revenues and Extraordinary Resources, constituting the Public Income of Ireland, for the Year ended the 5th of January 1805 - -

An ACCOUNT of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, for 4the Year ending 5th January 180J $ and also the Actual Payments thereout within the said Year* and the Total Charge thereon in respect to the said Year; specifying also the Surplus of the said Consolidated Fund - * " ——

An ABSTRACT of the Receipts and Issues of the Treasury in Ireland, in One Year, from the jth of January 1804 to the jth -of January 18054 together.with the Remains ......

An ACCOUNT of the Value of all Imports into, and all Exports from* Ireland, for the Year ended jth January 180J

Ait ACCOUNT of the Number of VdTels, -with the Amount of their Tonnage, which have been built and registered in the 'several Ports of ‘Ireland, between the 5th of January 1804 and the 5th of January 1805 ......

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and Number of Men and Boys usually employed in navigating the lame, which belonged to the several Ports of Ireland on the 30th of September 1804

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys employed , In navigating the fame, (including their repeated Voyages,) which entered Inwards, and cleared Outwards, in the several Ports , of Ireland, from or to all Parts of the World, between the 5th of January 1804 and the jth of January 1805 -

An ACCOUNT

734*

752.

7JS-

760.

764.

770.

771*

ibid.

ibid.

772.

773-

774*

776.

778.

779* 7 83*

788.

79°*

ibid.

79z-

793-

ibid.

794-

45 CxEo.

List of Appendix

appendix.

(No. 4°-)

£9 Martii,

continued.

ii* Martii.

(No. 41.)

*2* Martii.

(No. 42.)

*8° Martii.

—IRELAND—

An ACCOUNT, /hewing how the Public Montes remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, ori the 5th of January 1804, together with the Monies paid into the fame during the Year ending the 5th of January 1805, and the Monies paid out of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the said Year in anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, have been actually applied

An ACCOUNT of the Public Funded Debt of Ireland, as the fame flood on the 5th of January 1805 ---*•■

An ACCOUNT of the Unfunded Debt of Ireland, and Demands Outstanding, on the 5th of January 1805 -

An ACCOUNT, shewing how the Monies granted for the Service of the Year 1804,- for Ireland, have been-disposed of 5 distinguished under their several Heads; Rated in Irish Currency - -

-IRELAND-

An ACCOUNT, Rating the Total Number of Dollar Tokens issued by the Bank of Ireland, to the ift of March 180$, and at what Rate; and also specifying the Amount i/Tued in each Month; together with the Amount outRanding on theiaR Day of each Month. - - . - . - - . ——

An ACCOUNT of all Additions which have been made to the Annual Charge Of the Public Debt by the InfereR of any Loan that hath been made, or Annuities created, subsequent to the passing of an Act zy Geo. III. cap. 13. as required by the yzd Section of the said Act; and also, an ERimate of the Produce of the several Duties, granted for defraying the Charge incurred in respect of the fame, in the Year ended the 5th Day of January 1805 ——

509

PAGE.

797-

798.

800.

ibid.

801.

802.

(No. 43.) 29* Martii.

REPORT from the Committee to whom the Petition of MefTrs. Chalmers and Cowie, of London, Merchants, was referred— (Swedish Herrings) - ......

(No. 44.)

i* April

(No. 45.)

I. Aprilis.

(No. 46.)

1 x* Aprilis.

—IRELAND— ....

An ACCOUNT of the Charges outstanding againflthe Balance of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland on the 5th of January 1805;

specifying whether any and which of them Save been since paid ——

The PARTICULARS of the Unfunded Debt of Ireland, on 5th January 1805

An ACCOUNT of all Dollars issued by the Bank of England, to the latest Period that the fame can be made up -

(No. 47.) 25* Aprilis.

(No. 48.)

*9* Aprilis.

V Ma

5* Junii.

(No. 49.)

30' Aprilis.

—IRELAND—

RETURN of the several new Taxes and additional Duties of Excise charged in Irelandtby any Act or Acts of the Parliament of the United Kingdom since the ift of January 1801; distinguishing the Years in which the fame were respectively charged, the Produce thereof in each Year from their Commencement, and the Amount thereof in the whole, down to the 5th of January 1805 - - - - ...... -

A RETURN of the Stock in Hand in Ireland, on the 10th of July 1804, of Wine, Sugar, Malt and Spirits distilled in Ireland, with the Amount of the additional Duty charged thereon respectively by any Act of the last Session of Parliament, specifying the fame in Brinfhand Irish Currency; and also, the Amournof the Increase of certain Public Revenues in Ireland, by making j the fame payable in British Currency, from the 10th of July 1804 to the 5th of January 1805 -

—IRELAND—

A RETURN of the -Civil List of Ireland, distinguished into itt feporate Classes, according to an Act of the 33d Year of His present Majesty, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, specifying whether any and what Savings have been made in any and which of the said Classes in consequence of any other, and what Provisions being made for any and which of the Officers in the said Classes respectively enumerated, or by any other and what Means, and the Application of such Savings, specifying also fudh Additions, if any, as had been made to any and which of the said Classes, the Authority by which the fame were made, and the several Payments made on account of such Additions

—IRELAND—

An Account of the Expenditure of the different Sums granted for apprehending Public Offenders in Ireland, from the 5th Day of January 1801 to the 5th Day of January 1805; specifying the Particulars, and the Warrants and Authority for paying the fame, and the Amount thereof in the whole ——

ACCOUNTS of the Expenditure of the several Sums issued from the Treasury of Ireland, by Direction of Government, for Criminal Prosecutions, in the Years 1801, 1802, 1803, and 1804, respectively -

An ACCOUNT of the Particulars of the Expences incurred for Criminal Prosecutions in Ireland, conducted at the Expence of the Crown, from 1 ft January 1795 to 1 ft January 1801 ——

ANNUAL ACCOUNT, made up to the ift March 1805; containing the Amount of the Proceeds of the Sale of Goods and Merchandize of the East India Company in Great Britain, and of their Commercial and other Receipts, Charges, and Payments in Great Britain, under the several Heads thereof; together with an Estimate of the fame for the Current Year; and Statement of their Bond Debts and Simple Contraft Debts, with the Rates of Interest they respectively carry, and the Amount Of such Interest; and the State of Cash remaining in their Treasury, and other Eftefts appertaining to the Company, in Great Britain and Afloat ——

RETURN to the Act of 33 Geo. III. c. 52. f. 126. requiring certain Accounts of the Revenues, Charges, Stc. of the East India Company, to be laid before both Houses of Parliament -

(No. 50.)

30° Aprilis.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Volunteer Corps, from the 25th of December 1804 to the 24th of December 1805, both inclusive, being 365 Days -

( * 51*) I An ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of the Sums wanting to complete £. 5,000,000. granted out of the Monies that shall

2* Maii, I arise from the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund for the Service of the Year 1804 -

(No# 52#) I An ACCOUNT of the Sums paid to Neutral States, or Subjects of Neutral States, or British Subjects, in consequence of the 3* Maii I ^tention or Condemnation of Ships or Goods belonging to Neutrals, from the ift of January 1793 to the latest Period the fame

can be made up

Voi.

40

814.

Bza.

ibid.

ibid.

m-Ammm.

Zit.

ibid.

822.

Zidfi

82 6, 8 29.

83d.

851.

832.

ibid.

ibid.

510 List of Appendix. A. 1805,

APPENDIX. | (No. 53.) 6* Matt. 14* Maii. An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Ballad delivered by the Trinity House to all Ships and Vessels in the River Thames for the last Thirty Years, and the Net Profit arising therefrom 5 distinguishing the Quantity and Profit in each Year respectively j shewing also, how much per Ton the raising and delivering the fame costs the Trinity House, and how much per Ton is paid for the fanje by Alien Merchant Ships, British Merchants in general Trade, and by Colliers ----- An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Ballast taken by the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, in their Lighters, out of Vessels entering the Port of London, in each Year, for the last Thirty Years, whether such Vessels were partly laden, or in An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Ballast taken from the Bottom of the River Thames by the Corporation of Trinity House of An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of all the Ballast which ha3 been shipped from the several Wharf*on the River Thames, within the Jurisdiction of the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond, for the last Thirty Years; particularizing the Quantity shipped in each Year, and for which the said Corporation received One Penny per Ton, and distinguishing the Kind or Quantity of the Ballast so shipped - - - UGe. 833- ibid. ibid. 834-

(No. 54.) An ACCOUNT of the Sum that will be wanted to make good the Deficiency of the Vote in the hilt Session of Parliament, for

6* Mail. the Officers of the Houses of Lords and Commons, and Serjeants at Arms, in the Year 1804 ■»*---•- ibid.

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that will be wanted to pay the Salaries and Allowances of the Officers of the Houses of Lords and

Commons, and Serjeants at Arms, for the Year 1805 - - - ibid.

An ACCOUNT of the Sum that will be wanted to make good the Deficiency of the Sum granted for defraying the Charge of

ibid.

An ACCOUIfT of the Sum wanted to complete the Expence incurred for printing 1,750 Copies of the 57th Volume of the

Journals of the House of Commons ibid.

An ACCOUNT of the Expence incurred in the last Session of Parliament for printing the Paper's Tefpefting the Marhatta War, and the Returns relating to the Maintenance of the Poor * - j - - ibid.

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that may be wanted to defray the Expence of printing Journals of the House of Commons; for printing

and delivering the Votes j and for printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House, during the present Session of ibid.

An ESTIMATE of the Expence that may be incurred for re-printing, in the Proportion of Eight Volumes a Year, of the Journals, Indexes, and Reports of the House of Commons, agreeable to the Resolutions of the Committee of the House.in the Session 1802-3, for the present Year - ibid.

An ACCOUNT of the Sum that will be wanted to defray the Expence of the Purchase of Ground and Buildings in and near Saint Margaret's Street, Westminster, for the purpose of erecting a Court House for the holding of Sessions of the Peace for the City of Westminster, and for the Purchase of certain other Ground and Buildings in pursuance of an Act of the 44th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign r- - -- -- -- -- ibi

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that may be wanted towards defraying the Expence of making an Inland Navigation from the Eiftern to the Western Sea, by Inverness and Fort William, for the Year 1805 - _ - - . ibid.

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that may be wanted towards repairing Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, for the Year 1805 ibid.

(No. 55.) —IRELAND— \.

20* Maii. An ACCOUNT of the Number and Amount of the Stamps on Licences for killing Game in Ireland, from the ift of January 1801

to tho 5th of January 1805; distinguishing each Year, as well as the different Counties - -- - 835-

(No. 56.) RETURN to Orders of the House, dated the 26th of April 1805, for Copies of the Orders given by the Lords of the Treafu ry to Claude Scott, Esquire, for the Sale of Corn and Flour, and also for the Sale of the Cargoes of the Neutral Vessels detained by the

•0* Maii. Order of Government in the Year 1795; and for Copies of the Accounts of such Sales delivered by Claude Scott, Esquire, to

Government, and also of all Accounts, shewing when the Proceeds of those Sales were paid to Government 5 and for Copies of the Accounts of Com and Flour sold by Claude Scott, Esquire, to Government, between the Years 1795 and 1800, and also of all Payments made by Government to the said Claude Scott, on account of such Sales ----- ibid.

(No. 57.) fti* Maii. An ACCOUNT of the Sum remaining unapplied of the Grant for Naval Services for the Year 1800^ on the ift of September in that Year; also an Account of the Sums actually paid for those Services in the Months of September, October, November, and December in the same Year; and also, alike Account for the Year 1801 837-

(No. 58.) *7* Maii. REPORT from the Select Committee on the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, respecting the Office of the ibid.

(No. 59.) 27* Maii. RETURN to an Order of the House of the 6th May 1805, for an Account of all Public Revenue which has ariseu to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the Territorial Dependencies thereof, since the ill of January 1801, as far as the fame can be ascertained CO -

(No. 60.) 3»# Maii. REPORT from the Committee to whom the several Petitions which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, praying Relief from the Effects of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, u An Act to regulate the Importa-« tion and Exportation of Com and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon," were referred ----- 878.

•(No. 61.) 10* Jutiii. An ACCOUNT of the Amount of all Unclaimed Dividends on the Public Funds, which were receivable before the 10th October 1780, remained unpaid on the 30th September and 31st of December in the ferae Year respectively, and have since been paid at the 886.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of all Unclaimed Dividends on the several Annuities payable at the Bank of England, receivable . before the 10th October 1802, and remained unpaid on the 30th September and 31ft December in the same Year, respectively j also, an Account of Lottery Certificates remaining in the Bank of England unpaid on the said 31ft December - - - ibid.

An ACCOUNT of all Monies, Stocks, Funds, and Securities for looney, Handing in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, at the Bank of England, and South Sea House, or elsewhere, in Trail for the Suitors of that Court, made up to the ift of October 1804 # w * - An ibid.

45 Geo. Ill*

List of* Appendix*.

511

appendix. (No. 61.)

io° J

a 7* Junii,

(No. 62.) 16* Junii.

ij° Junii.

1

5* J«M-

Vju/ii.

(No. 63.) ii‘ Junii.

An ACCOUNT of all Monies, Stocks, Funds,* and Securities for Money, (landing; in the Name of the Deputy Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, at the Bank of England, in Trust for the Suitors of that Court, made up to the ill of October 1S04

Ai^ ACCOUNT of the Amount of all Unclaimed Dividends on the Public Funds, which were receivable before 10th October 1780, remained unpaid on 30th September and 31ft December in the same Year, and have (irice been paid at the South Sea House

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of all Unclaimed Dividends on the several Annuities payable at the South Sea House, which were receivable before the 10th of October 1802, and remained unpaid on 30th September and 31ft December in the same Year -

An ACCOUNT of all Stocks Handing at the South Sea House, in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, or the Deputy Remembrancer #f the Court of Exchequer, in Trust for the Suitors of those Courts respectively, made up to the id of October 1804 . -

An ACCOUNT of the Balances of Public Money remaining with the Receiver General of the Customs, on the Jth Day of Janu-* ary, the 5th Day of April, the 5th Day of July, and the 10th Day of October, in each Year, from the Year 1793 inclusive to the 5th Day of April last -

An ACCOUNT of the Balances of Public Money remaining with the Receiver General of the Customs, on the 5th Day of December, the 5th Day of March, the 5th Day of June, and the 5th Day df September, in each Year, from the Year 1793 incldfive to the 5th Day of March last

An ACCOUNT of the Balances remaining with the Receiver General of the Excift, on the 5th Day of January, the 5th Day of March, the 3th Day of April, the 5th Day of June, the 5th Day of July, the 5th Day of September, the 3th Day of October, and the 5th Day of December, in each Year, from the Year 1793 inclusive to the 5th Day of April last 5 together with an Account of I the Names of the Persons with whom or in whose Custody the fame have been deposited at the respective Periods -

An ACCOUNT of the Balances remaining with the Receiver General of the Post Office, on the 5th Day of January, the 5th Day of March, the 5th Day of April, the 5th Day of June, the 5th Day of July, the 5th Day of September, the 5th Day of October, and the 5th Day of December, from the Year 1793 inclusive to the 5th Day of April last, in the Hands of John Mortlock, Esquire, Receiver General of the Post Office

A STATEMENT of Balances in the Hands of the Receivers General of the Stamp Duties, from the 5th Day of January 1793 to the 5th Day of April 1803 - - ......

(No. 64.) 12* Junii.

An ACCOUNT of the Names of the Parties into whose Names the Navy, Victualling and Transport Bills, funded in the Yfears 1794, i?9<, and 1796, were respectively written up at the Bank of England, where the Sdm has exceeded the Sum of £.20,000. to each Name - -

(No. 65.) 19* Junii.

(No. 6$.) 20* Junii.

REPORT of the Lords Commissioners for regulating, directing, approving, and confirming all Sales and Contracts for Sale, made by Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, and by all Feoffees and Trustees for Charitable or other Public Purposes, and by all Persons holding, under any Grant from the Crown, or under any Act of Parliament, any Estates wherein His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, have any Interest or Expectancy, with a Statement of their Proceedings since the 14th of June 1803; distfo-guishing the Number and Value of the Sales, and Contracts for Sale, approved by the said Commissioners; the Amount of Land Tax redeemed, or to be redeemed, by virtue of such Sales and Contracts for Sale 5 the Quantity of Stock purcha.ed by the Produce of such Sales; the Gain to the Public resulting from the Proceedings under the said Commission; the Expence incurred, and the Estimated Value of the entire Property of which the Tenure has been or will be changed by the Eftect of such Sales or Contracts for Sale - * * * - - * - -

An ACCOUNT of the further Sum that will be wanted to defray the Expence of the Purchase of Ground and Buildings, in and near Saint Margaret's Street, Westminster, for the purpose of erecting a Court House for holding Sessions of the Peace for the City of Westminster, in pursuance of an Act of the 44th of His present Majesty's Reign, cap. 6l» ......

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills, issued per Act 44 Geo. III. cap. 45. intituled, u An Act for raising * the Sum of £. 8,000,000. by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year 1804," outstanding and unprovided for- ——

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills, issued per Act 44 Geo. III. cap. 46. intituled, u An Act for raising «the Sum of £. 1,300,00a by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year 1804,* outstanding and unprovided for -

ibid.

888.

889.

ibid.

*93«

ibid.

895.

8g6.

898.

ibid.

ibid.

(No. 67.) *0® Junii.

An ACCOUNT of all the Pensions granted by the Crown, between id May 1804 and ift April 1803

COPIES of all Sign Manuals, Writs of Privy Seal, Letters Patent, and King's Warrants, by which Additions have been made to I the Salaries of any Public Officers, during the Years 1804 and 1803 -

An ACCOUNT of the Monies paid under Warrants or Precepts of the Barons of the Exchequer, directed to the Receiver General of Customs and Salt, to the Commissioners or Cashier of Excise, or to the Receiver of Land Rents and Revenues in Scotland, from 31ft December 1797 to the latest Period to which the fame can be made up, towards discharging such Fees, Salaries, and Allowances, as have no relation to the Judicial Establishment j specifying the Date of each Warrant, the Authority by which the same was issued, the Person in whose favour it was drawn, the Purpose for which it was drawn, and the Sum paid by Authority thereof; and distinguishing whether the said Monies were paid out of His Majesty’s Revenues# or out of any of the

Branches of the Public Revenue in the General Customs and Excise ——

An ACCOUNT of His Majesty’s Hereditary and Reserved Revenues in Scotland, distfoguifhfog the (event] Branches of which they conflft, and dating the Annual Receipts on each Branch, from the 31ft December 1782 to the latest Period to which the fame can be made out

An ACCOUNT of His Majesty’s Hereditary and Reserved Revenues under the Receipt of the Receiver General for Scotland; distinguishing the several Branches of which they conflft, for the Years 1783 and 1804, and intervening Years -

An ACCOUNT of His Majesty’s Hereditary and Reserved Revenues, under the Management of the Commissioners of the Custorps in Scotland, commonly called New Subsidy; dating the Annual Receipt, from the 31st of December 1782 to the 10th of October 1803, befog the latest Period to which the same can be made up ——

An ACCOUNT of Money paid in to the Receivers General of the Customs in Scotland, upon account of Fines and Forfeitures, from 31ft December 1782 exclusive to 10th October 1804 inclusive, befog the latest Period to which the fame can be made up , -

899.

902.

904. 9l 4-

916.

918.

919.

512 List of Appendix* 1805,

APPENDIX. (No. 67.) ao° J continued. An ACCOUNT of His Majesty's Hereditary arid Referred Retferiues in Scotland | distinguishing the several Branches of which they consist, and stating the Annnal Receipt in each Branch, from 5th July 1782 to 5th July 1804 ----- An ACCOUNT, specif/ing such Arrears of Land Rents or other Annual Renta of the Crown in Scotland, as have been settled or discharged otherwise than by actual Payment of the fame, from the 31ft December 1782 ----- An ACCOUNT of Grants that have been made to Subjects, during the Reign of His present Majesty, of Land Rents, Bishopric Rents, or other Branches of His Majesty’t Hereditary and Reserved Revenue* in Scotland ----- An ACCOUNT of all Pensions that have been charged upon His Majesty’s Civil List Establishment In Scotland, since the last Order of the House of 5th of June 18015 specifying the Times when granted, and the Persons to whom they are or may be payable * - - ’ - " - - ■» An ACCOUNT of all Monies issued by the Receiver General of Land Rents and Revenues in Scotland, since the 31ft December 1797, to the latest Period to which the fame can be made up, in pursuance of Orders from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or under any other Authority than that of Warrants from the Barons of Exchequer ----- An ACCOUNT of all Monies that have been issued by the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, -since the 31ft December 1797, to the latest Period to which the fame can be made up, in pursuance of Orders from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or under any other Authority than that of Warrants from the Barons of Exchequer - An ACCOUNT of all Monies issued by the Receiver General 0/ Customs in Scotland since the 31ft December 1797, to the latest Period to which the fame can be ihade up, in pursuance of Orders from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or under any other Authority than that of Warrants from the Barons of Exchequer ----- --- PAGE. 919. 92a 921. 9*5- 926. 927. ibid.

(No. 68.) —IRELAND—

24* Junii. An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Debt of Ireland payable in Great Britain, redeemed by the Commissioners for redeeming

the Public Debt, to the ift of February 1805 5 distinguishing the Funds in which such Redemption was made - - - 928.

(No. 69.) An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Sum that will be wanted to defray the Expence incurred for Works done at the Two Houses ibid.

2 5" Junii, of Parliament, and at the House of the Speaker, between the 24th April 1804 and $th April 1805 -

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Sum that will be wanted to complete the Expence incurred in Repairs at the King's ibid.

Bench Prison ——

An ACCOUNT of the Sum that will be wanted to defray the Expence incurred for Works at the Marshalsea Prison - ibid.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Sum that will be wanted to defray the Moiety of the Expence of building the Bridge over ibid.

the River Spey, at Fochabers, in North Britain ——

(No. 70.) —IRELAND—

»6* Junii. RETURNS to an Order of the House of the 14th Day of May last, u That there be laid before this House an Account of the " Monies presented to be raised by Grand Juries in the different Counties, Counties of Cities, and Counties of Towns, in " Ireland, from ift Januaty 1775 to ift January 1805; distinguishing the Amount so presented at each Assizes respectively

w within each Year, and distinguishing the Sums-raised for Roads, and for Militia, from those raised for other Purposes" - -

(No. 71.) —IRELAND— . -

*6* Junii. An ACCOUNT of the Manner in which the Sum of £.500,000. granted by the Irish Parliament to the Dlrettors ,of Inland Navi- 949.

gation in Ireland, has been disposed of, from the 17th October 1805 to the 31ft May 1805 ——

(No. 72.) —IRELAND—

27* Junii. An ESTIMATE of the Sum which will be necessary hr the Payment of such Military Allowances in Ireland, as were formerly paid out of the Fundof Military Contingencies, a: , r ave not been otherwise provided for, for One Year, to 25th December VO 0

(No. 73.) An ACCOUNT of Sums paid for Interest on Exchequer Bills, from the 5th January 1.805 to the latest Period to which the

28° J ibid.

(No. 744 —IRELAND—

8* Julii. ESTIM ATE of the Sum necessary to be provided for paying the Salaries of the Comptrollers and Inspector of Lottery Offices

951.

ESTIMATE of the Sum necessary to be provided for paying the Salaries of the Commissioners for certifying outstanding Prizes ibid.

in the various Lotteries, for One Year, ending the 25 th of August 1805 - -- ----- ESTIMATE of the Sum necessary to be provided for paying the Salaries of the Commissioners for granting Licences, their

Secretaries and Clerks, for the Half Year ending the 25th Day of December 1804 - -- - ibid.

ESTIMATE of the Sums necessary to be provided for paying the Salaries of the Commissioners for granting Licences, their ibid. —«

Secretaries and Clerks, for the Half Year ending the 24th Day of June 180$ - .

appends

C 513 3

APPENDIX.

jfir ACCOUNT of the Permanent Charges on the CONSOLIDATED FUND of Ireland; as they Hood on the 5 th January 1604; as far as the fame can be ascertained.

Irish Currency.

Mterest, Annuities, and Sinking Fund, with Management * * Civil List Pensions - - Annual Payments under several Acts of Parliament * - * 4 - * A £■ '■ d «.233»85o io 4 145,000 — — 109,333 — 9 180,763 16 i|

2,668,947 7

Treasury, Dublin Castle, ? 17th January 1805. 3

G. Cavendish.

Appendix, (No. 1.) zi® Jhanuarii.

An Act-COlTNT Of the Particulars of the Charges imposed upon the CONSOLIDATED FUND of Ireland, exclusive of the Interest and Charges of the Public Debt, from 1 ft January 1799 to 5th January 1804; specifying the Time when such Charges were mode, and for whom, by Name, and by what Warrant or Authority.

PERSONS NAMES.

Annual Sums. Time when ^Charges 1 were made.

Sarah Norman, Widow

Karl of Athlone, and the Successort to that dignity Earl of Roscommon -

Right Hon. John Monck Mason ——

Lord Baron Aylmer -

Alexander Crookfliank, Esq. late a Justice of the Common Pleas -

Lord Carle ton, late Lord. Chief Justice of the Common Pleas Thomas Rice, Esq. late Afliltant Barrister for the County of Kerry - - -

Right lion. Thomas Kelly, late a Justice of the Common Pleas -

Right lion. John Stewart, as late Attorney General, iii lieu of Emoluments discontinued on the Union

William Smith, Esq. Solicitor General f the like Right Mon. St. George Daly, Prime Serjeant; the like Robert Johnson, Esq. Senior Council to the Commissioners of | the Revenue; the like ——

Richard Waller, Esq. Solicitor for the Revenue in the Port Department; the like -

Richard Cooban Carr, Esq. Solicitor for the Revenue in the Inland Department; the like -John Jenkinson, Esq. late joint resident Secretary in London to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, and Solicitor for the Revenue of Ireland - - - - * -

William Henry Freeman tie, Esq. the like -The President and Members of the Royal Prish Academy, towards supporting the Expences of their Establishment -The Honourable Thomas Packenham, late Master General of the Ordnance, on the discontinuance of that Office -Thomas Packenham, Esq. late Secretary to the Master General; the like - - -

William Packenham, Esq. late Clerk to the Master General;

the like - - ' ......

£dmond Henry Earl of Limerick, Clerk of the Crown and Hanaper, for loss of Emolument by the Union Mr. Thomas Bourchier, Deputy Clerk of the Crown and Hanaper; the like ——

Henry V ifeount Clifden, as Clerk of the Council; the like -Henry Upton, Esq. as one of the Deputy Clerks of the Council; for the like ——

John Patrickfon, Esq. ditto; for the like -

John Patrickfon, Esq. as Ulher and Keeper of the Council Chamber; for the like - - . - - .

£■ *• d.

IQO-----

12,000 — — I 19th January 1801 600 —■ —

! 1,200 -

600 -

2.000 -

2,700 — —

300-----

2.000 -

2,086 5 9

i»379 7 1 i,375 15 —

29th November 1800 -14th January 1801

From 20th March 1799

23d June 1801

16th July 1801 -

D° -

D° - -

1,382 12 61 D°

716 14 4 j 15th August 1801

716 14 4 I D#

636 a — I 2d September 1801 636 2 — 1 D#

50-----J 17th July 1801 -

1/100 -----I 12th October 1801

100 — — I D*

50-----I D*

405 19 8 I 10th October 1801

168 19 5 j D#

21 8 10 I 19th October 1801

115 19 1 I D*

111 17 1 I D#

36 5 n I D*

6P

By what Warrant or Authority.

Act of Parliament, Session 1800. - - D°

- D*

- D°

- D*

Patent.

- D°

King's Letter.

Patent

i’ Adjudication of the Commission-

< | ers of Compensation, and Go» I] vernment Warrant thereon.

- D*

- D®

1m D*. N. B. The Total Sum of the Losses he suffered during hie continuance in said Office.

C Adjudication of Coipniiff)on8l)i

< of Compensation on the Union, I and Government Warrant.

D#

D#

D*

1

King’s Letter.

Adjudication of Commissioner* of Compensation, and Government Warrant.

- D*

- D<

- D*

- D*

- D®

- D*

D®

514? Appendix. 1805*

Account of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland—continued.

Appendix,

t\* Januarii, continued. PERSONS NAMES. Annual Sums. Time when the Charges were made. By what Warrant or Authority.

William McKay, Esq. as Clerk in the Council Office; for £. s. d. C A dj udication of Commissioners of the like 40 — — 19th October 1801 < Compensation, and Govern-/ meat Warrant.

John Ebbs, as a Clerk in the Council Office; for the like - 60 D® - - - D®

Thomas Ra/bleigh, Esq. as Deputy Clerk of the Crown in

Chancery of England, for loss of Emolument by the Union Henry Hughes, as First Clerk in the Crown Office in ditto ,* 64 1 8 D° - , D®

for the like - - 7146 D® - - . - D®

John Earl of Clare, Lord High Chancellor; for the liko 161 6 9 3d November 1801 - D°

John Dwyer, Esq. as Secretary to ditto; for the like - 130 16 3 D° - - D®

John Beresford, Esq. as Purse Bearer to ditto; for the like - QI 1 3 D° - - D®

Robert Neilly, as Porter to ditto; like - - 34 8 6 D® - - D°

Francis Beaujohn, Train Bearer to ditto; the like William Pollock, Esq. as Clerk in the Secretary of State’s Office for the Home Department in England; for the 54 — D° - - D®

like 54 3 4 D® - * - D®

Charles-Osborne, Esq. as Junior Council to the Commissioners of His iMajctty’s Revenue in Ireland, for lots of Emolument

by the Union - - 682 12 6 19th October 1801 - D®

Edwaid Cooke, Esq. as late Under Secretary in the Civil

' Department of the Office of Chief Secretary to the Lord -

Lieutenant - - . - 79 4 7 3d November iSox - D®

William Taylor, Esq. First Clerk in ditto; for the like So 9 6 13th D° - - - D®

Peter Le Bas, Gent, as a Clerk in ditto; for the like - 121 14 3 D® - - D®

Charles Crowe, Gent, as a Clerk in ditto; for the like Charles Berkeley Kippax, as a Clerk in ditto; for the like -Sir Chichester Forteicae, Knt. as Litter King at Arms; for 121 14 3 D® - - D®

121 14 3 D® - - D®

the like Marcus Beresford, Esq. as Lieut. General of the Ordnance, 691 5 1 18th D® - - D®

on the discontinuance of his Office - 600 2<)th October - D®

James Uniacke, Esq. as Clerk to ditto; the like 70 li° - D®

James Ormffiy, Esq. as Deputy Keeper of the Signet, for

loss of Emolument by the Union -Mrs. Lucy Waite, and from her decease to Mrs. Isabella Cooke, as Joint Housekeeper and Wardrobe-keeper of . 79 10 7 17th December - D®

Dublin Cattle; for the like ----- 37 >6 3 19th D° - D®

Fielding Lytter, Esq. as Clerk to the Secretary of the Board

- of Ordnance, on the discontinuance of his Office Luke Heron, as Serjeant Trumpeter, for loss of Emolument 224 — D* - - D®

by the Union - - - 847 27th November - - D®

Solomon Delane, as Cork Herald at Arms; for the like 185 16 — 23d December - D®

John Hughes, Gent, as Fiift Clerk to the Principal Store-

keeper of the Ordnance, on the discontimiance of his Office William Mollan, Gent, as Second Clerk to the Clerk of the 297 19th D° - D®

Ordnance; on the like - - . 125 10 — 23d D® - - D®

Thomas Rylands, Gent, as Matter Furbifher in the Ordnance;

on the like - - - _ Stewart Bruce, Esq. as Gent. Uffier attending the Lord Lieutenant, for the loss of Emolument by the Union 80 D® - - D®

237 — 3 10th December - - D®

Thomas Meredyth Winstanley, Esq. as Dublin Herald at

Arms; for the like - - 185 16 1 23d December - D°

Peter Metge, Esq. late a Baron of the Exchequer - - * William Boulger, Gent, as late First Clerk to the Clerk of the 2,000 — 27 th December - Letters Patent. I * Adjudication of Commissioners of < Compenfution, and Govern* r ment Warrant*

Ordnance, on the discontinuance of his Office -Christopher Gittner, one of the State Trumpeters, for loss of Emoluments by the Union - 250 — 17th December -

847 D® - - D®

John Day, fen. one of the State Trumpeters; for the like - 8 4 7 D® - - - - D°

iohn Day, jun. one of the State Trumpeters; for the like - 847 D° - - D®

Timothy Kelly, one of the State Trumpeters; for the like - 847 D# - - D*

John liobfon, Esq. as late Chief Storekeeper in the Ordnance, 23d December

on the discontinuanee of his Office -Thomas Dichinfon, Gent, as late Clerk to the Surveyor 616 13 9 - D®

General of the Ordnance; on the like -Ponibnby Tottenham, Esq. as late Clerk of the Ordnance; 25o 19th December - - - D®

on the like - - - 487 3 6 6th January 1802 . D®

William Smith, Gent, as late Third Clerk in the Office of the 11th January

Link of the Ordnance, on the discontinuance of his Office 115 10 — - D®

William Cadge, Gent, as late Clerk to the Clerk of the Deliv* 23d December 1801

in the Ordnance; for the like 195 — - D®

Thomas Baynham, Gent, as late Assistant Firemaster of the 6th January 1802

Royal Laboratory in the Ordnance; on the like 130 1 1 . D®

Samuel Medlicott, Gent, as late Second Clerk to the Storekeeper, and as one of the late Proof Matters in the 23d December 1801

Ordnance; on the like - - - - 145 10 — - D®

George Fofter Dalton, Gent. a9 late Second Clerk in the 6th January 1802

Office of the Surveyor General of the Ordnance 135 12 6 - D®

John Devereux, as late Clerk to the Comptroller of the D® -

Laboratory in the Ordnance; on the.like . - 70 - D®

Edward Dalton, Gent, as late Assistant Clerk in the Secre-

tary’s Office of the Board of Ordnance; on the like - 49 8 d D° - - D®

John Boyce, one of the State Trumpeters, for loss of Emolu- 847 17th December 1801 -

ment by the Union -

Joseph Atkinson, Esq. as late Secretary to the Board of Ord- 6 th January 180a

nance, on the discontinmine# of his Office , *] homas Kern inis, Esq. a3 Crown Solicitor, for lofc of Emo- '5^0 3 6 - D®

lument by the Union ----- Ihe Honourable John Yorke, as Clerk of the Crown in the 3H H 6 19th January - D®

Chancery of England * for the.like - 330 — 1 lft September 1801 - - D®

I nos Smith, Gent, as one of the Under Clerks in the Council

Office of Great Britain - - 169 12 9 6th January x 80a - - D®

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

515

Account of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland—continued.

PERSONS NAMES.

Annual Sums.

Time when the Charges were made.

4 4

21—4

21

7

7

3

H

14

*3

6

6

6

5

39i

171

80 —-----

181 2 6

18-----

-4 4

' Vincent Litchfield, Gent, as one of the Under Clerks in the j £. 9. d. Council Office, and as Office Keeper of the Privy Council in Great Britain; for the like - | 62

William Van, Gent, as one of the Undef Clerks in said Office; for the like -

John Defagmlier Wheatiy, as one of the Under Clerks in the Council Office of Great Britain, for loss of Emolument by trie Union ——

Robert Pike, as one of the Chamber-keepers of the Privy Council in Great Britain; for the like -

Jame* liardin^, as ditto; the l.ke - * -

Thomas Cooper, as Messenger to ditto; for the like -Mrs. Elizabeth Litchfield, as NecelTaiy Woman to ditto; for the like ' - - - | 3136

Robert Wynne, Esq. as late Clerk of the Deliveries in the

Ordnance, on the disconunuance of his Office - - | 400-----

Robert Uniacke, Esq. as late Surveyor General of the

Ordnance; on the like - - | 1,206 13

Captain’Richuid Legge, us Chief Fiiemalier of the Laboratory n the 1 rd ance; on the like - - - - | 150

Jam^j* Galcraith. hu[. <is Clerk to his Maj city’s late Attorney General in Ireland, lor the ot Emolument by the Union ----- - - | 446 12

Geo. 1 willeton Ridldale, as Atiilone- Pursuivant; for* the

like - - j 92 18

Morgan Grafton, Flo. as late A (listant Barrister for the County or Leitrim - - - | 300-----

Sir Stephen Cottrell, Knt. as one of the Cieiks in Ordinary of the Pri\y Council m Great Britain, for lots of Emolu

ment by the Un.011 ——

William Faw ktner, Esq. as one of the Clerks in Ordinary of the Privy Council’ o» Great B/iiuin; for the like William Monks, Gent, as late * lliitam Ckrk of the Works in the Ordnance, on the discontinuance of his Office Mary Manler, Spinster, as late Housekeeper to the Board of Ordnance, on the discontinuance ot her Office Maurice Mc Donnell, as late one of the Labourers in the Ordnance Department; on the like -Anthony Cofgrave, as late principal Messenger to the Board

of Ordnance; on the like - - | 94

Thomas Tighe, as late one of the Labourers in the Ordnance;

on the like - - - - * - - -|ifc

John Campbell, as late one of the Labourers at the Ordnance;

the like - -- -- 31

Richard Lane, late one of the Labourers in ditto; the like * 31 —

John Eil.oU.laU: one of the Labourers in ditto; the like - 49 1 10

John Earl of A id boro ugh, as late Agent to the Forces on the

lridi ElUibliiimicnt serving abroad - - - - | 981 3 6

Henry Minchin, Esq. Second Serjeant at Arms, for loss of

Emolument by the Union - - | 76 26

Charles Tarrant, Esq. as late Draughtsman to the Ordnance,

on the discontinuance of his Office - - - 1 60 —

Stephen Phillips, Gent, as Office-keeper of the Under Secretary for the Military Department, for loss of Emolument by the Union - - - - | 3 *9

Henry Paine, Gent, as Office-keeper of the Office of the Chief

Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant; for the like - - - | 67 15

Thomas Lindsay, Esq. as Gentleman Uiher of the Black Rod;

for the like - - -| 237 —.

John lack. Esq. Second Clerk in the War Office, Dublin Castle, for lots of Emolument by the Inion, on passing Patents in the Ordnance Department - - - - | 15 12 10

Thomas Burgh, Esq. as late Treasurer and Pnvmaster to the

Ordnance, on the dilVouiimiance of his Office - - 5°°-----

Thomas Burgh, Esq. as late Agent to the lloyal Artillery

Regiment; the like - - - 1,112 16 —

John Earl of Glamlore, as hue one of the Commissioners for the Custody of the Rolls; the like - - - L3°7

John Jollnia Earl of Carysfort, as late one of the Commii-

lioners for the Custody of the Rolls; the like - - G3°7

Colonel John Pratt, ms late Comptroller of the Royal Laboratory in the Ordnance, bn the discontinuance of his Office - - - - 200 — —

Thomas Dawes, as one of the Deputy Purluivants at Arms, and one of the King’s Messengers in Ireland, for loss ol Emolument by the Union - - 64 15

Janies Hyde, as the like; lor the like - 64 15 6

William Breton, as one of the King’s Messengers Extraordinary in Ireland; for the like - 43 l7 10

Thomas Poyle, as the like; lor the like - - - - 43 *7 10

Janies Flannagan, as Perter to the Office of the Chiet Secretary to tie Lord Lieutenant, for lols ol Emolument by the Union - - - - IO-----

Henry Payne, as Office-keeper to the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant; for the Lks - - - - 10-----

'John Erck, Esq. Clink in the War Office in Ireland, for loss

oi one Moiety of Emolument on publishing the Army Lilt 175-----

Edward Connor, Esq. the like; for the like - - - 175 — —

Abraham Bradley King, Bin. as His Majesty’s Stationer; for the like .... . . 363' 2 8

6th January 1802 D° -

4 D’

D® -i)° -

D® -

D° -

D® ——

10th December 1801 22d January 1802

19 th February 1802 D° . - -p

5th January*.

19th February 19 2 | 26th January

23d December 1801 2 id March 1892 -Db - -

7th February 17th April -

D*

D® . -

27th April -

19th febiuary

27th April 1802

28th D® -

18th May -7th June 8th D®

19th D®

12th July -D* -26th June -D° -

31ft July -

6 9

6 9

13th August 1802 D® -

D® - -

D* - -

7th D® - -

D® -

24th September -D®

2id November -

By what Warrant or Authority.

I C Adjudication of Commissioners of l< Compemation, and Goveru-I £ ment W oiront.

D°

- D*

- D*

- D®

- D°

- D®

- *)•

- D®

- D®

- - D®

King's Letter.

f Adjudication of Commissione/f I s' oi Compensation, and Govern? C went Wrawant.

- £T

- D®

- E*

- D® r D®

D®

- D®

- D®

’ D®

- D®

- D®

D®

- D°

- D®

- D®

D®

- D®

D®

D®

JD®

- D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

- D®

D®

D® . D®

- e®

Appendix,

(No. 1.)

2 i° Janua

continued.

516

Appendix:.

A. 1805.

Appendix, (No. «.) 2i° Januariiy

continued.

Account of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland—continued.

PERSONS NAMES.

John Dwyer, Esq. as Secretary to the late Lord Chancellor of Ireland, in lien of certain Fees payable to him, but now payable to the Secretary to the Mailer of the Rolls -William Turner, Esq. as late Clerk to the Treasurer of the Ordnance in Ireland, on the discontinuance of his Office Daniel Webb Webber, Esq. as late Assistance llarriiier for the County of Sligo - \- - * " ' Mathew Franks, Esq. as late Deputy Guardian and Keeper of the Rolls, &c. of the High Court of Chancery of Ireland, for the loss sustained by hint on Lis Removal from said Othce, in ooniequence of the Union -

Geo. Charleton, Esq. as late Surgeon to the Artificers and Labourers in the Ordnance, on the discontinuance to him

of a like Salary ......

William Randall, as Purse Bearer to the late Lord High Chancellor of England, for lols of Fees Oil private Bills passed through the Irish Parliament r

Sir Chichester Eoi tHcue, Knt. as Ulster King of Arms, for the loss of his Apartments in the late Parliament House in Ireland ——

Rev. William Lloyd, as Sealer of the H igh Court of Chancery in Great Britain, for loss of Emolument by the Union Charles Dowfe, as Deputy Sealer in Ditto; for the like Walter Pye, Esq. as one of the Chaffers of the Wax in ditto;

for the like -

William Buller, Esq. as one of the Chaffers of the Wax in ditto; for the like -

Geo. Lisbon, us Porter to the Great Seal of Great Britain; for the like -

Thomas Hand, as one of the Gentlemen of the Chamber to the late Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain; for the like -

Joseph Vernon, as one of the Genlleinen of the Chamber to ditto; for the like -

Thomas Grady, Gent, as Jate Assistant Barriffer for the County of Limerick -

Robert Grant, as late Clerk of the Works in the Ordnance, on the discontinuance of his Office -John Morton, Gent, as late Supplier of Medical Attendance to the several Detachments of the late Royal Irish Regiment of Artillery -

Henry Coles, Esq. as late Clerk in the Office of the Resident Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant in London, on the dif-coutinuance of his Office ——

Patrick Madden, as late Messenger in said Office; the

like ......

Mr. Joseph Mason, late one of the Deputy Paymasters of Corn Pieniiums,'On the discontinuance of Ins Office Richard Naih, as Enrolling Clerk at the Office of the Rolls, High Court of Chancery in Ireland -Henry Maryon, as late one of the Pursuivants, and one of the King's Mctiengers -

CONCORDATUM ANNUITIES.

To-----Aston, widow of Fofter Aston, Gauger at Swords,

who was murdered going to Parade -

Sarah Blackhain, widow of-----Blackham, of the Rathcooie

Cavalry, who was murdered on his return from escorting

Prisoners ......

Mary Burrowes, widow of the Rev. Robert Burrowes, of Kyle, in the County of Wexford, who was murdered -Robert, Mary, Anne, and Eliz. Burrowes, children of said Robert Burrowes ——

Anne Brennan, widow of Charles Brennan, who loft his life in purimt of Rebels with Justice Godfrey . -Anne Bowen, widow of Francis Bowen, late Quartermaster in the 7th Dragoons, who died on duty against the ltebeh Grace Constable, widow of John Conhable, of the North Naas Cavalry, who was wounded by the Rebels going with Dispatches to General Wilford, and died in consequence -

Jane Cumming, wukfw of-----Cumming, a Yeoman in the County Down, who was killed

Elizabeth Crawford, widow of-----Crawford, of the 5th

Regiment of Dragoons, who was murdered -

-----Colthurst, widow of Wm. Colthurst, Esq. Surveyor of

Cove, a Member of Lord Boyle’s Cavalry, who loft his life on duty against the Rebels -Anne Clowry, widow of Darby dowry, of the County of Carlow, who was murdered by the Rebels -Margaret Cuthbert, widow of Patrick Cuthbert, of the Gow-ran Cavalry, who was killed on duty -Mary Dalton, widow of David Dalton, Esq. of Ennifcorthy, who was murdered at Wexford Bridge 1

Anne Dillon, widow of Captain Dillon, of the County Dublin Militia, who was killed at Ross 1

Margaret Evatt, widow of Lieut. Evatt, of the Monaghan Militia, who was killed - - . _

Maria Ewing, widow of Captain Ewing, of the Marines, who was murdered by the Rebels,

Annual Sums. Time when the Charges were made. By what Warrant or Authority.

L *- d. 500 22 d November f Adjudication of Commissioners of < Compensation, and Govern-

224 — — 23d December 1801 C ment Warrant. - D*

300 1 6th January 1S03 - King's Letter.

725 — 5th March 1803 - C Adjudication of Commissioners < ol Com pen fa lion, and Govern-

45 »0 — 12th May 1803 - C ment Warrant. - - D*

15 811 4th June 1803 - D°

Ho 16th D* - * - D*

5 1° 4 4th June 1803 - D°

3 17 a D° - -

3 13 6 D* - - D#

3 13 6 D° - D•

3 13 6 D° - - D*

6 6 2 D° - - D*

1 4 6 D° - - D*

300 31ft May 1803 King's Letter.

40 12th July 1803 - f Adjudication of Commissioners < of Compensation, and Govern-

311 7 1 30th September 1803 - (. ment Warrant. . - D*

218 1 2d February 1804 - D#

50 10 3 D° - - D*

75 * 1 27th January - - D*

S5 9 4 15th May - - Df

64 15 6 22d May - - - D*

20 f Act of Parliament, 40 Geo. IlL Chap. 49. for all those An-

j nuities called " Concoidatw% C Annuities.’'

20

"o 0 1 1 I 1

20

10 30 — — 15 1

30 10 20

30 30 *5 — — 20 — —

45 Geo III.

Appendix.

517

Account of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland-ciwftwrf.

PERSONS NAMES.

Anne Ferguson, widow of* Win. Ferguson, of the Attornies Corps, who loft his life on duty -Harriet and Delia Ferguson, daughters of th£ laid Win. Ferguson ——

Anne Gerrard, Widow of William Gerrard, of the County of

Meath ......

Ponsonby Tottenham, Lfq. in trull for Eleanor, Abigail, Le-titia, and Elizabeth Gifiard, daughters of Milwaul G ifTard, aa Officer in the Revenue, who was murdered at Sculla-bogue ——

Suhtnna Giflard, widow of Clement Giffard, Gauger at Ross, who was murd' red -

Mary Hamilton, widow of Robert Hamilton, Esq. Portreeve of Navan, who lott his life in apprehending Rebel* -Catherine Hamilton, widow of John Hamilton, who was

filled ......

A-uwe Hardy, widow of Thomas Hardy, Esq. who was killed at the battle of Hacketitown -Elizabeth, Anne, Henry, and John HLrdy, children of the said Thomas liauiy -

Eh/.a beth Hyland, widow of Ro. ert H land, Midihipman in the Navy, who was killed convening Stores to New Ross in a Gun Boat - -

John, Alexander, Catherine, Jane, and Margaret Ilatchell, children of John ilatchell, late of Wexford, Hatter, who was murdered by the Refills -John Horne, a Hackney Co.tchnuin, who loft his arm Martha liepenihil, widow of a Chcllea Petitioner, who was killed ——

Eftber Harm in, widow of Ensign Harman, of the North Co.k Militi t, who was taken by the Rebels at Ennifcorthy, and murdered -

----- Kend.ill, w idow of William Kendall, of Enniskillen, who

attached himself to the Artillery as an Artificer, and was killed at lkdlinatiiiick -

Ilenrv Laverty, who was disabled in the hand in the defence of Portaferry -

iary Lord, widow of William Lord, of the Ardee Cavalry, who loll his life on service against the Rebels -Anne Lylter, widow of Captain Lyfter, of the Fife Fencibles, who loti his life on fervire against the Rebels Mary McClean, widow of James McCiean, of tho Clane Yeomanry, who was killed in aelion at Naas -Elizabeth Miller, widow of William Miller, Surveyor of Excite, who was killed -

Jane Mortimer, widow of the Rev. Mr. Mortimer, who was killed at the battle of Saintfield -

-----Mortimer, daughter of the said Rev. Mr. Mortimer* -

Catherine McCormick, whose two Ions were murdered by the Rebels at Luittltiown -

Margaret Mcl)owell, widow of Lieut. James McDowell, who lott his life against the Rebels -

Jane Mc A Hitler, widow of the Rev. Mr. McAllitler of the County of Meath -

Janr Moore, widow of-----Moore, of Rathamran, who vras

killed - - - - . - -

-----Malcolm, widow of-----Malcolm, of the Newtowimrds

Cavalry, who was killed at the battle of Saintfield -

-----Malcolm, w’do\v of-----Malcolm, of the Newtownards

Cavalry, who was killed at the battle of Saintfield -—— Merry, widow of-----Merry, of the Newtownards Ca-

valry, who was killed at the battle of Saintfield Eleanor Nclfon, widow of the Rev. Hugh Nelton, ot Dun-fnaughlin, who was murdered - . -

Grace Nickfon, widow of Major Nickfon, of the RoyrJs, who commanded a Corps ot Yeomanry in the County of Wexford, and was killed in action -Sarah Neale, widow ot \\ ill rum Neale, of Dree, in the County of YVe\ford, who was killed -

Sarah Offnrne, widow of Francis Offorne, who was killed at the buttle of Ross -Isabella Pufk y. widow of the Reverend Jonathan Pafley, Rector of Rallintemple in the County of \\ icklow, who died in consequence of a brink* he received from the Rebels Anne Law lor, widow of a Soldier in the Kerry Militia, who was killed - " "

Margaret Clean, widow of a Soldier in the Kerry Militia, who was killed - - - - " "...~

Joan Denahy, widow of a Soldier in the Kerry Militia, who was Filed - -

Elizabeth Pigott, whose son was in the Kildare Militia, and was killed in action - - - * "

Henrietta Parsons, widow* of Charles Parson?, late Adjutant of the Ballaghkeen Cavalry, who was killed in action Bridget Povvel, widow of a Soldier in the County of Dublin Militia, who was killed - - - - ~

Elizabeth Uuinlcy, widow of Ensign Riimlev, of the City of Limerick Militia, who was killed at Colloonv Catherine Richardson, widow of William Richardion, of Captain Cornock's Corps of Cavalry, in the County of Wexford, who was killed ......

Vol 6a

Annual Sums.

* d.

20-----

3°-----

30-----

30-----

30-----

20-----

10 —- —

20-----

40-----

20-----

20-----

5-----

10 — —

20-----

15-----

io-----

20-----

20 — —

15-----

15-----

30-----

20-----—

20-----

15-----

20 — f—

15-----

20-----

20-----*

20 — — *5 *7-----

30-----

10-----

20 — —

20-----

10 1—

10-----

IO-----

IO-----

2$ — — IO — —

30-----

15 —

1 ime when the Charges were made.

By what Warrant or Authority.

Appendix, (No* 1.) 21° JcVLuarii

OsnUnuid.

6 a

Appendix,

(No. i.)

2i° Janua

continued.

Appendix. A. 1805.

Account of the Consolidatr d Fund of Ireland—<ontinvcd.

PERSONS NAMES.

Charles Berkeley Kippax, in trull, for the children of the late William Sneyd, of the Coolock Cavalry, who was murdered at Killallaghan -

____ Sheridan, widow of-----Sheridan, who was murdered

in consequence of having given information to Government Elizabeth Trefiord, widow of Serjeant Treftord, of the Tyrone Militia, who loft his life on service against the Rebels Elizabeth Tyrrell, widow of Charles Tyrrell, a Yeoman of the C ounty of Wicklow, who loft his life on service against the Rebels ——

Catherine Thompson, widow of Corporal Thompson, of the Kildare Militia, who was murdered at the Naule -

-----L’uiacke, widow of Mr. Uuiacke, who was murdered at

the attack on Colonel St. George's House, in the County of Cork -

Martha Vintners, widow of Lieutenant Charles Vintners, of the North Cork Militia, who loll his life on service at Ban try ——

Anna \\ tngrove, widow of Samuel Wingrove, a Non-rOm-millioned Officer in the Wicklow Militia, who was killed at Newbridge

Jane Wilkinson, widow of Clement Wilkinson, of Maynooth, Carpenter, who was murdered -Martha Wdkinson, widow of William Wilkinson, who was killed at the battle of Tara -

Olivia Maiia Welsh, widow of Thomas Welsh. Esq. Lieutenant in the Decies Cavalry, who died on service against the Rebels -

Bridget Whitfield, whose husband was lulled by the Rebels at Rathangan -

Anne Lane, widow of Serjeant Lane, of the Artillery, who wa> killed -

Anne Wade, widow of Serjeant Wade, of the Artillery, who was killed ——

William Moore, who was severely* wounded by the Rebels at Rath an gan -

Hannah Cotton, widow of Samuel Cotton, of Newbawn, in the County of Wexford, who was murdered at Scullaboguc Anne Eakins, widow of John Eakins, who was murdered at Scullabogue -

Elizabeth Ellison, widow of Allen Ellison, who was murdered at Scullabogue -

Anne Sunderland, widow of Benjamin Sunderland, a Yeoman in Captain Cornock’s infantry, who was murdered at Wexford ——

Murg; n et Kelly, widow of Thomas Kelly, who was murdered at Scullabogue -

Anne Whitney, widow of John Whitney, who was murdered at Scullabogue ——

» Mary Whitney, whose two fans were murdered at Scullabogue Elizabeth Poor, widow of Thomas Poor, who was murdored at Scullabogue ——

Jane Rellrick, widow of Edward Restrick, who was murdered at Scullabogue -

Mary Reale, widow of \\ illjam Reale, who was murdered at Scullabogue ——

ANNUITIES:

For defraying the Charge of certain Permanent Services in Ireland, purluaiit to an Act of the 41ft of Geo. the Hid. chap. 32. page 233.

l\f \rrcud John Letublere, French Minister at St. Patrick,

Dublin - I

---John Pick, French Minister at Cork -

" Sauinarcz Dubordieu, 1)° - at Litburne -

-----John Vignolcs - - D° - at Dundalk -

Peter Cortez - - D° - at Iimilbannon

-----Peter ITanquefort - ])° - at Waterford -

John \ ignoles - - I)0 - at Portarlington

Marcus Toulon, Minister of the Congregation of

German Protestants in Dublin ......

1 bomas Gamble, Chaplain to the New Prison in Dublin, lor vihting Sick Prisoners in the several Prisons in Dublin Samuel Murray, Rector of St. Paul's, Dublin, for attending the Sick in the Barracks in Dublin -

-----Richard Powell, Chaplain attending the Prisoners in the

four Courts Marsh ilfea in Dublin -

-----John \oung, Chaplain to the Garrison of Charlemont

■----- Thomas Ruifcll Cradook, Under Librarian at Marsh’s

Library at St. Patrick’s, Dublin -

-----John Connor, Vicar of Castleknock, in lieu of Tythe

and Glebe Land in the Phamix Park -—y- James Waters, Minister of St. James's, Dublin, for the like ——

----- V icar of St. Andrew's, Dublin, in lieu of

Minister's money for houses and ground where the Parliament house frauds -

-----William Dobbvn, Rector of St. Michans, Dublin for

Al mi (tors money lor houses where the Courts of Justice hand - -

Annual Sums.

£■ *. d.

20-----

10-----

10-----

15 — —

10 — —

30 — —

20 — —

20 — —

IO — -

20 — —

20 — —

10 — —

15 — —

15 — —

10 — —

10 — —

10 — —

10 — —

10 — —

10 — —

10 — —

10 — —

10 — —

10 — —

10

150

100 — —

60 —-

60 —

60 — —

50 — —

50 —

50 — —

20 — —

79 7 3?

5*2

4* 6 7

30 — —

50 15 —

12 . —

41 7i

IQ 6 2

Time when the Charges were made.

By what Warrant or Authority.

C Thrie Annuities granted by Ad yf 41 Gco. III. chapter

45 Geo. IIL

Appendix;

519

Account of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland—continued.

PERSONS NAMES.

Annual Sums.

Archbishop of Dublin, for proxies out of divers Churches belonging to the late Monasteries of St.Thomas, St. Mary, and St. John of Jerusalem ——

Bishop of Meath, out of the Manor of Trim -

The Dean and Chapter of Christ Church, Dublin, and Vicars Chorals of D®

Doctor Robert Scott, the Physician attending the Sick in the New Prison, Dublin -

The local Commissioners of the Lagan Navigation, in lieu of a Duty on Beer and Ale granted to them in certain parts of the Diltnct of Lilburn -

Major General Vallancey, at the rate of fifteen shillings per diem, during the time he 1shall be employed in the Military Survey of Ireland -

The Clerk, Usher, and AlTistants in the Council Office, Dublin, to make good their lots of emolument -k

Tha Lord Mayor and Citizens oi Du hn ——

The Provost and Fellows of Trinity College of Dublin The laid Provost and Fellows, for the Professor of the French and German Languages in laid College -The said Provost and Fellows, for the Proieftor of the Spanish and Italian Languages in laid College -The Royal irish Academy, »or Rent oi a House

Reverend Bernard McMahon, Attendant on the Nautical Observatory -

William Lyndon, for Rent of Grounds near Carriekfergus

Cattle ......

To be applied in paying the necessary Allowances to certain Officers from Ireland attending during the Session of Parliament in London, and to such other Officers as may be employed in preparing Proceedings, and attending to Bufi-feefs m Parliament, relating to Ireland -

SECRET ANNUITIES:

The Under Secretary in the Civil Department for the time being, in trust, for payment of Secret Annuities Ditto - - - further Allowance -

COURT OF ERRORS:

James Galbraith, Esq. Clerk -

OFFICERS of the HOUSE of LORDS:

John Earl of Clare, Lord Chancellor, Speaker -

John Earl of Mayo, Chairman of the Committees Edmond Henry Lord Gleutworth, Clerk of the Crown in Chancery ——

'William Meeke, Esq. Clerk of the Parliaments -Thomas Lindsay, Esq. Ulher of the Black Rod -Edward Weftby, Esq. Mailer in Chancery -Thomas Walker, Esq. Master in Chancery -William Ilenn, Esq. Master in Chancery -Stcuart King, Esq. Master in Chancery -John Gayer, Esq. Deputy Clerk of the Parliaments Thomas Bourchier, Esq. Deputy Clerk of the Crown in Chancery -

John Gregg, Esq. Clerk Assistant -

Joseph Griffith, Esq. Reading Clerk -Henry Minchin, Esq. Serjeant at Arms -Richard Carpenter Smith, Junior, Esq. Committee Clerk Edmond Fenner, Esq. Journal Clerk -Bryan Conner, Esq. Yeoman Ulher -William Walker, Esq. additional Clerk -Theobald Richard O’Flaherty, Clerk in the Parliament Office -

Charles Joseph Jolly, Door-keeper at the Great Door -John Folding, Door-keeper to the Robe Room -Patrick Martin, Door-keeper to the Clerk's Office William Corbitt, Door-keeper to the Speaker's Chamber William Graham, Sidedoor-keeper -Paul Thompson, Door-keeper at the new Entrance George Paine, additional Door-keeper -Patrick Long, Messengcv -

James Cavemlish, Messenger -Michael Quinan, Ditto -

John Tobin, Ditto -

Mrs. Albinia Taylor, Keeper of the Parliament Hoirfe -Maiy Forfter, Housekeeper -

Mary Anne Forfter, Houseinaid - -

Sir Chiehefter Fortefcuc, L ifter King at Anns -

Philip O'Brien, Gate-keeper ......

Richard Taylor, Keeper of the Speaker’s Chamber Henry Welbore Viscount Cliiden, Clerk of the Council Wenrv Upton, Deputy Clerk of the Council John Patrickfon, Esq. Deputy Clerk of the Council, Ulher of the Council Chamber, and Solicitor for Turnpike Bills -Mr. William McKay, AjTistant Clerk of the Council -John Ebbs, and Elizabeth Grant, Door-keeper and Council Office Keeper -

£. s. d.

18 5 6 3 15 —

47 6

200-----*

832-----

282 4 3}

36* 3 $1

800 -

388 15 —

IOO-----

IOO -

ii<5 13 — 53 18 3 6

*2,166 13 4

3,000

1,500

300-----

978 3 4

379 10 — 2,208 — 6 608 18 8

Time when the Charges were made.

By what Warrant or Authority.

Appendix-, (No. 1.) 21® Jamarii,

continued.

and /\ 3,000 paid out of Civil List.

£. 1,443. 6. paid out of Civil List.

/. d. and 497. 15. 6. Civil List and 355. 11. 1. Civil List.

_ . _ 104. 4® 2. - D ’.

. 104. 4® 2..- })\

- - 104. 4- 2. - 1)°.

- - 104. 4* 2. - Da.

651 13 4

101 2 1

478 7 10J and 302. 4® sl D*.

79 16 5 and 213. 6. 8. - Du.

29 *3 4 and 284. 8. 10. D°.

73 19 4 and 157® 6. 8.- I)0.

87 7 6 and 200. 0. 0. - 1)°.

101 12 1 and 142. 4® 5- * ir.

m 7°. 9® v. - Da.

74 10 8 2j.

21 t , sh and 71® 2. D°.

21 w sl and 7l® 2. 2A. D\

21 — 5* and 7h 2. *!• D°.

33 18 i\ and 71® 2. 2j. I)°.

21 —— 5 A and 71® 2. *1 D°.

21 5*} and 7*® 2. 2A. ir.

21 5i and 7*® 2. *1 i>®.

21 - 5 and 70. 13- 4- - D®.

21 1, 5 and 70. 13* 4®- D°.

21 5 and 70. 13® 4- " D°.

21 - - 5 and 70. 13* 4- - D®.

155 13 9 and 7*22. 5® 9* - D°.

352 18 11 and 1*20. 0. 0. - D°.

13 11 9 and 6. 17® 9* " I)®.

148 15 and 142. 4® 5- * D°;

26 6 8 and- 16. 0. 0. - D\

- - 50. 0. <su- D".

181 13 4

104 8 1)

4*21 9 6

100 17 2

39 Geo. III. chap.^f,

40 Geo. III. cli#p. 49.

40 Geo. IIL chap. 39®

40 Geo. IIL chap. 50. all th* following AnmuUes.

520

Appendix!

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. i.)

21® Janua

continued*

Account of the Cunfolidated Fund of Ireland— continued.

PERSONS NAMES.

John Dwyer, F.fq. Secretary to the Ford Chancellor - "

John Berctford, Kfq. 1’urte Bearer to the Lord Chancellor -Andrew liowen, Water Porter -

HOUSE OF COMMONS:

Pioht Hon. John Fofter, Speaker ——

Henry Alexander, Esq. Chairman to the Committees of Supply and Ways and Means -

Sir George Fitzgerald Hill, Bart Clerk of the House -Edward Cooke, Esq. Clerk of the House, in Reversion -John M Clintock, and William Fofter M Clintock, Esqrs.

SeijraiU at Anns - -

Edward Trefham, Clerk Assistant -

George Frederick Winstanley, Committee Clerk -Jonathan Rogers, Ditto -

James lUtlerty, Assistant Committee Clerk -Davvlon Ellis, Superannuated Eng rolling Clerk -Cha les Henry Tandy, Engrolling Clerk -Townl\ Richardson, Assistant Engrolling Clerk -William Uutierty, Clerk in the Chief Clerk’s Office, Clerk of the Fees, and Clerk of the Minutes -Henry Coddington, Deputy Serjeant at Arms -James Corry, C’lerk of the Journals and Records John Smith, Assistant Clerk of the Journals and Records Roderick Connor, Attending Clerk -Arthur Hume, Clerk of the Briefs -John Judd, Assistant Clerk in the Chief Clerk’s Office -John l^ihe Fofter, Esq. Speaker’s Secretary -George Donlevy, Messenger -

Robert Bu.nfule, Back Door-keeper -

Robert Fleming - - D®

Jol’eph Dogherty, Meffienger -

Dennis Smith - - D° -

Lewis Donlevy - - D® - - ’ -

Richard Grace - - Du

Robert Garland - D° * -

Edward Byrne - - D° -

Denis Brenan - - D° -

Daniel Brenan - - D* -

Hugh Ci ahan - - D° -

John Browne - - D® - -

Andrew Carson - D° -

fat. Ferral - - - D°

Jer. Batmen - - D® -

Joseph M oi ley - - D° - -

George Shirley - D® -

Michael Dalton - D° ——

John Kiim - - - D°

William Browne, Distributor of Votes -

Hugh Higgins, Assistant D® -

Sarah Connor, Housekeeper -

John Kennedy, Doorkeeper -

John Wallh - - D® ...... - -

Mary Connor, House Attendant -

Thomas Seavers, Firelighter - -

Rodney W atharn lJ° -

Edm. Henry Lord Glentworth, Clerk of the Hanaper -Thomas Bourciiier, Deputy D° - -

John Be res ford, Esq. Purse Bearer to the Lord Chancellor -Mrs. Albinia Taylor, Keeper of the Parliament House

Annual Sums.

£• s. d.

29 2 8

14 11 4

4 11

5,°3& 8 4

500 — —

2,265 13 9i

500 — ■—

1,100 — —

594 6 10

250 — —

250 — —

100 —*- —

140 — —

398 7 —

150 — —"

470 — —

3,50 — —

G60 —♦ —

230 — —

60 — —

100 — —

63 6 8

10 — 5

68 —

48 — —

48 — —

46 — —

46 — —

3d — —

36 — —

3^ — —

3d — —

36 — —

36 — —

3d — —

3d — —

36 — —

3d — —

51 18 6

3d — —

3d — —

3d — —

3d — —

130 — —

3° — —

401 13 a

168 4 91

168 4 9&

4 11 —

11 7 6

6 16 6

131 8 6*

5*2 5 6

33 18 9

140

Time when the Charges we e made.

By what Warrant or Authority.

an(* a oo. Civil list.

JUDGES LODGINGS, &c.

41 Geo. III. Chap. 88.

For providing Losings and Accommodations, in all Cities and Towns in Ireland- in which Assizes and Commissions of Oyer and Terminer

C:m. UI'oSTlswfdTlhri?r rV^r 0t ! J l^c*nl\y the Judges of Aiiize in the several Counties of Cities, and

Delivery. f 1 ’ th peet Clrcuits’ &c- &c--Uncertain; no greater Sum than £. 20. to be paid at One Assize or Gael

4-i Geo. III. Chap. ,05. LORD CHANCELLOR.

KeC‘, Cr of thC Great S£al0f IUELAND’ so much 45 wiU make °P Ms Salary and Pecuniary Profits £.10,833. «•

41 Geo. III. Chap. 25. MASTER OF THE ROLLS.

Office £. 3,500. a Year.’ ^'n^cnTim^1*01110 h'S Salar^ ’ so mucl1 as W1^ make UP Ms Salary and Pecuniary Profits belonging to Paid

42 Geo. III. Chap. 106. Expences Uncertain.

CONTROVERTED ELECTIONS.

Auditor General’s Office, *) 26th July 1804. y

Roden,

Aud® Gea*.

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

521

IRELAND.-The T HIRTIET H REPORT of the COMMISSIONERS of ACCOUNT.

Appendix,

(No. i.)

21* Janua

S I N C E the twenty-fourth day of December one thousand eight hundred and three, the date of the last Report delivered to the Chief continued.

Governor, and to each House of the Imperial Parliament, the Commissioners have examined, and passed, the following Acc#unts:

i.—Ballast Office;—Dublin.—The ACCOUNT of the Corporation for Preserving and Improving the Port and Harbour of Dublin, for One Year ending the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and three.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of last Account, in Favour of the Public

Received Tonnage Duties For Hull aft put into Ships Heaving Hal last into Slups Hal last taken out of Ships - -

Licences

Hy Fines -

Tonnage Duties, at Dunlcary - - Ditto - % - Balbriggan

For Ballad on Shore

Bal-

Bv Ground taken for New lait Ofnce -

From Committee of Proprietors of Noi th Lots; viz.

Ten per-Cent. on Amount of Taxes, Six hundred and Forty-one Pounds Two Shillings and Ir'ive Pence ——

Received Tonnage Duties on Yei-leis, l imber. Staves, &ec. and for Acre and Foot Lots on the Nm th and South Sides of the River Litfey -

Total Charge -

£. f. d.

7,089 8 8

7,014 16 6

*,899 5 10

3 8

5 »3 —

36' 5 —

loo 1 7

7a 12 7

47 18 6

4 H "

64 2 —

3>s*3 6 5

£■ d- THE DISCHARGE:

408 9 5 Paid Heaving Ballad - m

Ballast Lighters - mm

Pen hone rs and Charity -' -

Harbour Account, Sec. - -

House-llent, Taxes, Repairs, and Coals - -

Printing, Stationary, See. - -

Ballast put on Shore - -

Premiums and Rewards - - - . -

Paid Expences of New Hotel 1 -

Ground taken for New Ballad 0dice -

Balbriggan Harbour -

Salaries -

New Ballad Office -

Incidents and petty Expences -

filtered on Loan, and Dilcouiit - -

Life Rout -

Superannuated Pilots -

New Ballad-Office Yard ——

New Baffin -

Proprietors of North Lots - -

Quay-Walls -

1 Total Discharge -

- 20,590 13 9I Balance in favour of the Public? - -

• 20,999 3 2{ The Charge, as above - -

£ f. d.

12 6

3>*3i 5 9i

261 10 4

61 12 10

356 4 4 h

211 5 7

127 13 li

50 18 4

262 9

26 2 6

45 7 6

84 X 11

1,233 10 —

2,735 9

115 6

4,946 17 10

84 5 —

64 — —

22 0 15 —

3 64 2

1,323 18

17,8*2 7 7

3,176 15 7i

20,999 3

This Account is correctly dated, and properly vouched; the Ballad Mader was examined upon Oath, who declared it is just and true 111 every particular. Subjoined is a date of their Funded Debt.

STATE OF THE FUNDS:

571 Debentures, issued at 4 per-cent, at £. 100 each -3 Bills, lllued at 5 per-cent. - - £.1,000 each -

346 Debentures, lllued at 6 per-cent. - £. 100 each -

- 57,100 3.000 34.600

£94.7 00

It , K-nusTEY —Public Soup Kitcuens.-Ah ACCOUNT of the Governors of the House or Industrt, tela-,._Hou^E bo'up Kitc11ES9> the City of Dublin, from the i6lh day of April 1800, to the 8th day of July 1803.

THE CHARGE:

Received from the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, within the period of this Account, per fund ry Drafts on John La Touche, Esq.

For Soup and Soup-tickets delivered at the ditferent Public Kitchens -

Total Charge -

THE DISCHARGE:

Brunswick-dreet Public Kitchen: Paid Rent -

Building and Repairs -Furniture -

Printing, Stationary, &c. Provisions -Coals, See. -Contingencies 'Allidunts* Salaries

Brunswick-dreet Public Kitchea

Coombe Public Kitchen:

Paid Tax -

Building and Repairs -Furniture -

Printing, Stationary, See. Provisions -Coals -Contingencies Affidants’ Salaries

Coombe Public Kitchen

Carried forward -

£. *• d.

14,000 —

5,616 13 8

19,616 13 8

£■ 1. d.

7 15 —

203 18 7i

138 — 9

380 16 11

4,«47 14 —

99 11 4

32 7 5

479 13 8

7 12 8

567 3 -h

l60 1

IOO 7 7h

4>347 16 si

15 2

146 18 4i

242 13 4

6R

5,4*9 »7

5,697 8

>1,187 5 ni

522

Appendix

A. 1805

Append^ (No. i.) a i* Janua

continued.

2 _.House of Industry Public Soup Kitchens—continued.

The Discharge—continued -

Exchequer-street Public Kitchen:

Paid Rent ......

Building and Repairs -Furniture -

Printing and AdvertiiiBg

Provisions ......

Coals, &c. -

Contingencies -A Aidants' Salaries -

Exchequer-street Public Kitchen

Ransford-street Public Kitchen:

Paid Rent -

Building and Repairs -Furniture -

Printing and Advertising Provisions -Coals -

Contingencies -AAistants Salaries -

Ransford-street Public Kitchen

forward

£• f. d.

no 2 6

597 13 11

96 10 11

39 9 4

2,878 18 a£

80 — 5

9* it 7,

287 11 6|

11

51 13 2

54 *7 1

54 5 61

3,207 2 7

66 9 2

99 19 5

16717 1

Paid for use of School-street Soup Establishment -A Balance due late Secretary h

More, Compensation -

Rent of an Office, Furniture, Coals, Candles, Clerks, &c.

Total Discharge -Balance in favour of the Public -

The Charge, as above -

•balance in favour of the Public brought down ——

To which add,

An Overcharge under the Head of Provisions for Coombe Soup Kitchen, paid to Timothy McCann Also an Overcharge under the Head of Coals, and paid to John Campbell -

Also a Disallowance, under the Head of Provisions, for Oatmeal, for Brunswick-street Soup Kitchen, being twice charged in the Sum of Twenty-seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four-pence, and the following ——

The Balance in favour of the Public then appears to be But from which must be deduced; viz.

Short Credit taken in Account under the Head of Provisions for Coombe Soup Kitchen, in a Payment made to John Rooke, for Meal, Peas, Flour, &c. -

The true Balance in favour of the Public then is

£■ d. 11,187 5 ill

4>i*i 17 7l

3,732 19 a

200 — —

.133 4

75

- 102 7 6

- 19.613 3 i|

- 3 10 6|

• £■ 19,616 13 8

3 10 6|

4 12 6

8 3 4&

— 10

7 13 4

This Account is properly stated, except in the above instances, where it has been corrected. The Governors of the House of Industry received personal directions from the Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, to set these Four Establishments going inttantly upon the urgency of the moment, and no specific directions were given to them; they therefore acknowledge, that from the great pressure of the times, they were not enabled to make the bed possible arrangements for the Public in every particular; forinftance, the Places they took for these Kitchens they rented by the Year without any specific conditions, and when they gave them up to the Proprietors at the end of about two Years, though they had expended near Fifteen hundred Pounds on them in Buildings and Repairs, they were allowed nothing by the Proprietors for it in return. A Governor and the Secretary were examined upon Oath, who declared that full Credit is given for all Sums received; that the Account is just and true in every particular.

3-—Hibernian Society for Soldiers' Children.—The ACCOUNT of the Hibernian Society for Soldiers' Children,

from the ift day of January 1801, to the 5th day of January 1802.

THE CHARGE:

Received from the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury -

A Subscription -

A Donation ——

A Legacy -

Carlow Rents -

Interest on Debentures -

Church Collections -

Sundry Articles fold -

Total Charge - - £.

». d.

4,34' 4 —

77 7 —

11 7 6

40 —

12 >7 7

30 — —

7 13 2$

85 7

4^05 16 9

THE DISCHARGE:

Balance in favourof Accountants on the last Account Paid Provisions -

Furniture and Repairs -

Clot thing ......

Coals, Soap, Candles, and Lamp Oil

Infirmary Expences ......

Incidental Expences - i -Apprentice Fees - -

Stationary, Books, and Advertising Expences of Kitchen Garden

Salaries and Wages -

Tbtal Discharge - - £■ 4.244 '3 71

Balance in favour of the Public - 361 3 *.?

The Charge, as above - - £ 4.605 16 9

£. s. d.

1,142 10 1,523 4 71 224 4

447 7 197 12 25 18 10 10 1 3I 144 14 6 83 8 1 85 10 4i 360 — n£

5r

4

7

- L

« 1 1 1 1 n 0 , t ine above Balance brought down -

From which deduct a Sum brought into the Charge, but which was not received -

To which must be added, the following Sums received within the Period of this Account, and not

brought into the Charge xr

£ X 3 "f &..t" S£*T*. "1 a* - - W-* r-a.

The true Balance in favour of the Public, then is - -

361 11 3 7 *3 6

349 15 li

28 __

27 10 —

10 4 P

4L5 10 4*i

45 Geo. XXX.

Appendix.

523

3* Hibernian Society for Soldiers* Children—continued

In the Charge Part of this Account Credit is given for a Donation of Eleven Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence, which, it appears upon Oath, was not received by the Society; it has therefore been llruck out by the Commissioners of Account.—It appears also that the Society had received the following Sums within the Period of this Account, which they have' not given Credit for; they are, therefore, added to the Balance in favour of the Public; viz.

£. s. d.

On the 6th of May, from Nesbitt and Co. on Account of Mrs. Woolfe’s Fund - - - 28-----

On the 15th of December, from Ditto, on Account of Ditto ...... 27 10 —

On the ill of November, from Doctor Lindsay, Colonel Littlehales, and Mr. Marfden, Subscription, Three Guineas each - 10 4 9

A Governor, the Secretary, and Steward attended, and were examined upon Oath, and they declared the above Errors were merely accidental in copying out the Account, and that no Fraud whatever was intended, and that the Account as it Hands now is just and true in every particular.

Subjoined is a Statement of the Children.

Appendix, (No. 1.) 21° Januariiy

continued.

RETU UN of the Number of Children received into and disposed of from the Hibernian School, from the lft day of January one thousand eight hundred and one, to the 31ft day of December following:

Given to the Regiments for Drummers and Filers. Apprenticed] Delivered to 1 their Parents. Run away. Died. Total.

n $ Received °^S ( Disposed of - f Received 11 s | Disposed of 1 1 1 1 1 1 0 «H t 1 1 t I 18 11 9 4 - 3 1 86 40 23 16

Number of Children in School on the 31ft day of December 180!: Boys - 225

Girls - 72

Total - - - - 297.

Joftph Iludfully Inspector.

4.—Hibernian Society for Soldiers* Children.—The ACCOUNT of the Hibernian Society for Soldiers' Children, for

One Year; ending the 5th day of January 1803.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of last Account in favour of the Public Received from His Majesty's Treasury

- - - Bequefrs, Subscriptions, &c.

- - - Church Cohesions

- - - Interest on Debentures

- - - Articles fold - - y

Total Charge

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid Provisions -luirniture and Repairs Cloathing -

Coals, Candles, Soap, and Lamp Oil Infirmary and Burial Expences -Incidental Expences -Apprentice Fees -Kitchen Garden and Farm -Stationary -

Salaries and Wages -Auditor General’s Certificate

Total Discharge -Balance in favour of the Public

The Charge, as above

Balance in favour of the Public brought down -

tVorn which must be deduced the Amount of small Errors in the Calculations in favour of the Accountant -

To which must be added,

The Amount of a Plumber's Bill disallowed, as having been paid after the Period of the Account

The true Balance in favour of the Public then is

£- $. d.

- - M3 7 I

- - 1,095 15 8

- - 8io 15 n£-

- - 139 17 8

- - 33 17 2

- - 47 4 6

- - 109 — —

- 266 9 9}

- - 40 17 2

- - 591 17 5

- - 2 5 6

- £■ 4>54t 7 11

- - 77+ 14 52

- £■ 5*3i6 2 4*

£■ s. d.

77+ 14 bi

2 15 i°i

771 18 74

18 8 3

790 6 io£

This Account is properly dated and vouched, except in the particular initances above-mentioned. A Governor and the Inspetfor were examined upon Oath, who declared it is just and true. The large Sums expended in Repairs, were to fit up Accommodation for One bundled additional Children.

5.—Incorporated Society for Protestant Schools.—The ACCOUNT of the Incorporated Society in Dublin for promoting English Protestant Schools in Ireland; from the 5th day of January 1802, to the 5th day of January 1803.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of the last Account in favour of the Public Received Balance of Parliamentary Grant ot Seiiion one thousand eight hundred

- - - Parliamentary Grant of Session one thousand eight hundred and two

- - - Interest -

- - - Rent of Estates -

- - - Donations and Subscriptions

- - - Amount of Profit on Childrens’ Labour -

- - - Rent of School I^ands, payable by the

Mailers -

- - - Fines levied on Masters and Mistresses -

Carried forward - -

£■ *■ rf- THE DISCHARGE:

1,91+ 6 8| Paid Expences of Ardbraccan School 72418

----- Arklow - 657 1

4,457 *0 - - Ballycastle - 6S0 11

----- Ballykelly - 533 l

18,975 18 10J 526 9

4,593 9 10 554

3,+#0 13 3 5^1 11

625 15 4J — - * - - Castlecarbery - 7 —

985 17 i| - Castledermot - 440 2

47*2 4

5+1 — 5 473 1*

15 18 6 - Charleville - 510 12

35,510 10 1 Carried forward - - £• 6,101 6

d.

5 h 9

iq£

*i

H

2i

2

101

j.

?i

Appendix, (No. i.)

21° Janu

continued.

<-----

524

Appendix.

A. 1805.

5.-Incorporated Society for protestant Schools—

CHARGE:—continued.

Brought forward

Total Charge - - £.

£. s. d. DISCHARGE:—continued. ' £■ *• d.

35,510 10 1 Brought forward - - 6,101 6 7

Paid Expences of Creggane School ... 524 10 2j

1 1,445 5 9*

1 29‘i 3 5

1 _ _ - Dundalk - 427 7 9r

1 47* 8 5i

1 453 15 1

I 511 12 7

J - - - - lnifcarra - 420 5 4

1 654 3 61

1 ----- Kilfinane - - * 329 — 10

1 482 9 —

1 614 5 6J

1 - Loughrea - 738 16 8

1 660 13 5

I 390 18

1 ----- Newmarket - 312 2 7

1 372 11 6

I 600 11 10

1 678 X 7i

1 619 7 5*

1 553 19 9i

1 918 12 4

1 558 14 11

I 777 19 1

1 416 12 14

1 1,76114 9

1 986 3 4

1 576 16 2£

1 863 19

1 Paid Books and Stationary - 504 7 2 i

Furniture and Repairs - . 753 11 3t

I Society’s House - 120 17 2

1 Annuities ----- 90

1 Officers Salaries - 44G 19 3

Tranlplantalion ----- 91 6 6£

Wages to Samuel Rickey - 5 13 9

I Incidents ----- 43 7 5i

to City of Dublin, One Year's Ground Rent - 15 7 —

Total Discharge - - - 26,595 19 5

1 Balance in favour of the Public - - - 8,914 10 8

35,51° 10 j The Charge, as above - - £. 35,51010 1

This Account is regularly stated and supported by the Seal of the Corporation, and the Depositions on Oath of the Secretary, who declared

it is just and true in every particular.

6.—Female Orphan House.—The AC CO U NT of the Governors and Governesses of the Female Orphan House, on the ' Circular Road, near Dublin; for One Year, ending the 5th day of January 1803.

THE CHARGE:

Balance oflaft Account in favour of the Public Received Amount of Donations and Subscriptions -

- - Parliamentary Grant -

- - Amount of Collection at Charity Sermon Produce of Work done by the Children

Interest on One thousand Pounds Stock Amount of Sale of Onions -Legacy of late Earl of Farnham -

Total Charge - - - £.

£. s. d. THE DISCHARGE: ' £. t. d.

1,900 2 A Paid Provisions -----•* 848 13 6

404 — 4.; Cloathing - - - 3i3 * 3$

484 12 11.; Furniture and Repairs - - - 133

770 2 10] Wages and Allowances - 88 19 6

124 2A Books, Printing, and Stationary - 33 2 9

50 Soap and Candles - - - - * 55 - 2

3 10 5 Coals and Turf ----- 24 7 *i

45 10 0 Rent - - - - 3°

Incidental Expences - 59 >4 5

Total Discharge - - - £. 1,586 15 4!

Balance in favour of the Public - - - 2,195 * 8

3,781 17 —; The Charge as above - - - £. ' 1 1 m QC 01

T

This Account is properly stated and vouched, and supported by the Depositions on Oath of the Resiller and a Governor, who declared it is just and true in every particular. Subjoined is a Statement of the Children received, and of their Vunds, by which it appears that they have laved a Thousand Pounds out of their Income of Stock purchased, and the Institution appears vtry well attended to.

An ACCOUNT of the Number ol Children received, &c. into the Female Orphan House, Dublin, in the Year ended the

of January 1803; viz.

In the House on 5th January 1802 -

Admitted in the Year ended on 5th January’ 1803

Disposed in the Year ended 5th January 1803 -

In the House on 5th January 1803 -

110

____7

117

____9

108

Richd Matins, Register and Accountant.

The Corporation have uo regular Funds, except the Interest of a Thousand Pounds Government Stock, amounting to Fifty Pounds per

Annum; nor have they any Debts, except the current Expences of the House.

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

525

7. Port and Harbour of Drogheda. The ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for Improving the Port and Harbour of

Drogiieda; from the 5th day of January 1803 to the 5th day of January 1804.

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid Iron Work - -

Wages for watching the Ponts -Repairing the Track Road New Wall North fide of the River. Pitch, Tar, and Oakum Track-lines - - - . -

Coals -

Timber, Carpenter's Work, &c. Labourers -

Salaries -

Advertising -

Stamps ——

Total Discharge -Balance in favour of the Public

The Charge, as above

£. 9. d.

- 8« *5 —I

- *9 6 9

- 8 16 10

- 89 g 8

- 1 9 iof

- 5 3

— a 4

- 65 *4 4j

- 473 8 6

- 37 * 3

- 3 12 1

- - — 7 5

£■ 74* 7 a|

- 22 3 7*

£■ 763 10 9$

This Account is properly stated and vouched.

I.—Inland Navigation.—The ACCOUNT of the Directors General of Inland Navigation; from the 16th day of

September to the 31ft day of December 1800.

THE CHARGE: £■ * d.

Received from the Treasury m m 1,000 — —

Ditto * . 1. 1,000 — —

Ditto, for Payment of Salaries m m 723 10 8

Total Charge - £• *,7*3 1° 8

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid Salaries -

Contingencies ——

Dublin Harbour

Total Discharge -Balance in favour of the Public

The Charge, as above

Balance in favour of the Public brought, down - -

To which must be added an Overcharge, under the head of Stationary, of -

The true Balance in favour of the Public then if

- £. 9. i. 743 10 .8 119 8 10J 18 7 3

£• 861 6 9f

1,864 3 10}

£ 2,723 10 8

9. i.

3 ioj - 6] 1

4 5

9.—Inland Navigation.—The ACCOUNT of the Directors Gekrral of Inland Navigation; from the ill day of

January 1801 to the 5th day of January 1804.

THE CHARGE: £. 9. THE DISCHARGE:

Balance of the lad Account in favour of the Public 1,864 \4 5 Paid Salaries and Wages - Contingencies - -

Received from His Majed/s Treasury 9,074 iy 10 Taxes - Engineers, &c. -

Mewry Fund 9.477. * 6 Dublin Harbour - Newry Navigation -

Tyrone Navigation -

s' Total Discharge -

/ Balance in favour of the Public

Total Charge - £• ao^.ia 3 9 The Charge, as above - £.

£■ 4,297 n — »84 »5 Si- Z 32 18 2.515 m 7.236 1 1.307 7

9. d.

7

1

3i

8*

*5.605 17 7$ 4,806 6 if

20,414 3 9

The above Balance brought down -

To which must be added,

A Disallowance on Incidentals under the Act, a Receipt not stamped, nor does it appear the lum was paid

The true Balance in favour of the Public then is

STATE OF THE BALANCE:

Issues and Payments by the Board upon Accounts yet unsettled -Frauds committed upon the Board by Henry Walker, for which he was prosecuted and convicted, and which, with several Balances of Cash in his hands unaccounted for at the time of his conviction, amount to ——

Actual Cash remaining in the hands of the Board -

Total Balance - -

6 S "

£. •. i. 4,806 6 if

6 16

4.813 * 7i

£. 9. d.

3.434 18

633

745

t 11

« —

4,813 4 7f

Appendix*

(No. 1.)

21 * Janvariiy cvhOmmL

ji

526

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. i.) ix° Januarii,

continued.

10__Inland Navigation.—-The A GC O U NT of the Directors General of Inland Navigation; for One Year, T

ending the 5th day of January 1803- -

THE CHARGE:

Balance oflaft Account in favour of the Tublic Received from His Majest/s Treasury Tolls of the Newry Navigation -

Total Charge -

18,016 7

34

Til E DISCHARGE:

Paid Salaries -

Contingencies -Rent and Taxes -

Incidental Expences under the A A Dublin Harbour -

Ne vry Navigation -Tyrone Navigation -

Total Discharge -Balance in favour of the Public

The Charge, as above

' STATE OF THE BALANCE:

Calli in the hands of W. Gregory, to defray Contingencies of the Board -Calli in the hands of John Bingham, Treasurer to the Newry Navigation -Cash in the hands of Thomas Johnston, Treasurer to the Tyrone Navigation Calli in the hands of John Brownrigg, Engineer -

Calli in the hands of Daniel Corneille, Engineer ——

Total of Issues made by the Board to Treassurers and Engineers upon Account -

t

Payment made to Captain Bligh, for which he has not transmitted any regular Receipt -Payments made by John Bingham, for Works on the Newry Navigation, and its Eli abli foment of Officers, in the year one thousami eight hundred and one, and for which he has not tranhmtted Receipts or

Vouchers sufficiently regular to discharge the Accounts lent up-- ......

Payments made by John Bingham in like manner, in the year one thousand eight hundred and two, and for which he has not transmitted Receipts or Vouchers sufficiently regular to discharge the Accounts -

Total of Payments made upon Accounts remaining to be ieitled

Insolvency.—Frauds committed by Henry Walker, late Engineer, for which he was prosecuted and convicted, and which, with several Balances of Calli in his hands unaccounted for at the time of his conviction, amount to _ -Artual Calli remaining in the hands of the Board -

Total Balance, as above

S.

' c S. d.

- 4,932 3 3

- 2 74 19 9

- *43 6 —

- V39 17 94

- 521 3 10

- 3 A 85 2 7

- 1,382 12 94

£ n.599 6 .—

- 6,4,7 1 3l

£ 18,016 7 3l

d. £ s. d.

57

121

6 5* 12 11 147 14 ‘2 h

364 19 —

IOO-----

H 15 3

LP33 !9 8 1,443 6 1

791 l* 7

3,39^ 1 —

633 1 11

Lhoo 5 9&

6,417

3i

These three Accounts comprehend the whole of the period from the commencement of this Board to the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and three, and they are accurately Hated except in the two instances of Sixpence Halfpenny overcharge, under the head of Stationary in the first Account; and of Six Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Sixpence for repairing a Bridge, in the second Account, for which there is no Voucher; these have been added to the Balances in favour of the Public. A Director and the Accountant were examined upon Oath, who declared the Accounts, thus ltated, are just and true in every particular.

11.—Roman Catholic College.—The ACCOUNT of the Trustees of the Roman Catholic College, pursuant to an Act, passed in the 35th year of His present MajestyT reign, intituled, "An Act for the better Education of Peiions prolelfing the Popish or Roman Catholic Religionfor One Year, ending the 5th day of January 1804.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of last Account in favour of the Public Received from His Majesty’s Treasury

- - Interest on Debentures - -

- - - from Scholars - - " -

- - * for Fat, Kitchen Stuff, Hides, Skins, and

r , Offals - -

Total Charge -

.554

7,760

26

291

s. d. 5 84

11 — 4 —

453 AO 8J

THE DISCHARGE: ,

Paid Provisions

Coals and Candles -Oats -Books, &c.

Rent, luxes, &c. Garden. - -

Furniture

Buildings and Repairs Salaries -Wages -Washing -. Portage -

For a Cart-horse Law Charges -

1 Total Discharge -Balance in favour of the Public

The Charge, as above - £.

£- s. /.

- 4,404 14 10

- 533 17 —4

- 19 ll 6

- 51 8 94

- 112 6 2

- 214 — ll

- 302 3 —A

- 778. t6 . i

- i,7n 2 44

- 252 6 10

- 5S 10 114

» 7 5 5

- H 10 —

- 213 15 —

£ 8,674 8 5

- 411 3 —

£ 9,0*5 11 5

Balance in favour of the Public brought down To which must be added,-Brought into this Account under the head of Beer, but not expended within the Also an Overcharge, under the head of Groceries, of

The true Balance in favour of the Public then is

| I £- a.

1 1 1 411 3 —

it - l6l 2 4* -1

£ 572 5 5

This Account is properly stated, except in two instances, and Jiipported by Vouchers. There is an Overcharge of an Halfpenny under the head of Groceries, and the sum of an Hundred and Sixty-one Pounds Two Shillings and Fuurpenrc Halfpenny for Beer was paid after the conclusion of this Account, it mull therefore be brought into the next ^fear’s Account; these have therefore been dilallowetl. A Trustee, the President, and Burfar^ depoled on Oath that tha Account thus ftuted is just and true in every particular. The full complement of Scholars are entertained in thft CyJWgc^Rnd there are many Candidates for whom there is not room.

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

52?

12.—Farming Society,—The GEN ERAL ACCOUNT of the Farming Society of Ireland; from the 18th day of September

1801 to the 5th day of January 1803.

THECHARGE:

Received Parliamentary Grant of Session one thousand eight hundred.und one -

More - - Grant of Session one thousand eight hundred and two -

Subscriptions within the period of this Account -

Interest on Debentures - -

For Admission to Shows of Cattle -

Total Charge

£■ t. THE DISCHARGE:

Paid on Account of Agriculture and Live Stock

1,940; j Buildings iind Repairs -Rent and Taxes - - . f •.

1,940 — j Salaries and Wages - ~ - , -Furniture -

1,036 5 3 i 87 10 — 1 , 1 Printings Stationary, Ac._ - - , r Fees on Treasury Certificate, Postage, Ac. -Law Charges

303 3 9$ Total Discharge - -- £.

1 Balance in favour of the Public

5.306 19 —1 j Thfc Charge, as above - £.

£■ •: d.

,1,854 i

344 9l

1

879 '* -i

*«7 3 3

■ 347 ? 7 6

,2

8 18 4

3,>44 5 4

2,162 13 8J

Balance in favour of the Public brought down -To which must be added; viz.

An Overcharge in Account of Fees in Treasury Certificate, Postage, Ac* -

The true Balance in favour of the Public then it

£■ t.

2,t6» 13 8$:

■£■ 2,163 13 81

5>3°6 19 —$

Appfcndi*/ {Ntj.f.'f 21" Janudrii,

- continued. '

This Account is regularly Rated, except in the above infiance, and properly vouched. The Society hitherto has not obtained a Charter, but is in d aily expectation of one, and they consider their Expenditure as entirely under the controul of His Excellency the Ltwfd Lieutenant. A Member and the Secretary were examined upon Oath, who declared the Account to be just and true as now listed.

ending the 5th day of January 1804.

THE CHARGE: £. $. d.

Balance of Cafii remaining the 5th day of January one thousand eight hundred and three - - 4*805 14 9J

Net Receipt of House Tax and Arrears - - 6,049 4 —

Received Rent of Estate ’ - - - - ' 45-----

Parliamentary Grant of Session one thousand eight

bundled and three - - - " - - *6,07^ — —

Fines from C’ui r ctors, Ac. - - - 719 8

By Sales ol sundry lminutattured Goods " 437 3 —J

By Ditto offendry useless Articles, Ac. - - 3 18 5

Total Charge

£ 28,323 19 11

T7TE ^DISCHARGE:

Paid Provisions - - - x -

Cloathing - ' ——

Manufactures -

Repairs and Alterations of Buildings Miscellaneous and House Expellees Salaries and Wages - "

Nursing Children -

Total Discharge -Balance of Cash remaining the 5th 0 one thousand eight hundred and four

The Charge, as above

Dublin; for One Year*

c

- /

L' w

• — i,59» *4

I - * - 6.908 7 4

m tm 2,377 »7 5

• 1 - 2,219 i> 6

- 9,053 8 10

- £■ f January *8,285 16 —1

- 38 3 »°1

• * £■ 28,323 19 1*

This Account is properly fiated and vouched. The Governors Alt railing and nev? rosing all the' old Buildings, and they consider this the most economical method of providing accommodation for five hundred and fifty additional Children in the House, as in all events they must have been at a very great expence in repairing the old roofs, whi£h;w0re much decayed; they have alreadyfepcpertde4 near Thirteen thousand Pounds on this hulincls, and about Seven thousand Pounds more they consider will complete it, and then/they, jvill ample accommodation for one thousand two bundled Children in the House.. This InibtuUon appears admirably attended W>»/ 1 . ,t< . 't

... A;\u a. ! 1

STATE of the F U\N D S on the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and four.

t . »* ,r , -

DEBT on the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and three; viz. I

Balance of Estimate of Debts (exclusive of Nurses Wages) contracted by the former Governors, up to the twenty-fifth day of Mai cli one thoulaud seven hundred and ninety-eight, remaining unpaid 4m the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and tour, One hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds Five Shillings and a Halfpenny.

But as no Claims have appeared for any of such Debts during the last three years, the Charge for this Sum is now discontinued in these Accounts.

Amount of Debts (exclusive of Nurses Wages) contracted by the present Governors, which remained unpaid on the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and three -

Wugtjs and Arrears, as per Estimate, due to Country NurseS, J oh ditto

Add - - the Expence arising' from the fifth day jf January one thousand ei£htfrandred aridto * the fifth day of 1

January One thousand eight huridrtd and fou#;~viz. " *ot k \

‘ ’’ ‘' ;» 1 ' ' \ 7 \{/ ' - ’•t * £: ’ fv 4.

For Provisions - - - _ . J i]. * .: . •* "Jr 4,05^ ' 3 s|

Sundry Articles of C Joathing purchased - - - L - -1 1,168 19 1°

Ditto - - made in the House - - , - - /l - -1 591 19 6J

Ditto - - - supplied from Woollen Factory - - - -1 558 1 7

Manufacturers, for sundry Materials purchased for the Woollen FaSory, exclusive of the above Cloathing! 538 8 —|

Repairs and Alterations of Buildings - - -I 5*72 5 5

Milcellaneous and House Expences - -1 2,366 17 4

Salaries and Wages to Officers and Servants - - - - 1 1,16*2 2 X

Ditto for Nuries in the House, Masters god Mistresses of Schools and FaAorie8 - - -1 1*057 9 5

Iv lining Children, as per Estimate --.-----I 9*317 10 —

£• <*. 4,025 11 iol 6,680 1 —

Appendix,

(No. i.)

2f# Januarii,

continued V... . -

528

Appendix.

A. 1805.

13.—Foundling Hospital—continued*

DEBT and Expence to the 5th day of January one thousand eight hundred and four , Of which there is paid; vis.

For Provisions -

Cloa thing

Manufactures -

Repairs and Alterations of Buildings

Miscellaneous and House Expences -

Salaries and Wages

Kurfing Children -

Total paid

£■ 8. d.

IO l4

1,110 6 1

1.591 >4 1

6,908 7 4

a,377 *7 5

2,219 11 6

9,053 8 10

-£■

The Debt therefore remaining unpaid on the 5th day of January one thousand eight hundred and four, is as follows; viz.

For Provisions -Cloathing -

Manufactures and Woollen Factory Repairs, and Alterations of buildings -Miscellaneous ant} House Expences Salaries and Wages -Kurfing Children, as per Estimate

The Debt, as above

To answer which, there are depending the following Sums

Balance of Estimate of House Tax and Arrears, depending the 5th day of January one thousand eight hundred and four -Amount of Rent of Estate outstanding, on ditto ... Cash, Balance remaining in the Bank, ditto, ditto - -

£• 8.

991 1 8

405 16 1

306 17 3f

470 12 4

230 4

6,944 2 2

VIZ.

£ 1. d.

5,440 19 8

138 9 6

38 3 10$

Total Funds depending - -

Balance against the Charity

£ *• d.

9>40$ 13 H

5^17 13 —J

£ 8. d.

37^94 9 7

28,285 16 —|

9,408 13 6$

£ 8. d.

3,791 — 6

Aj ^tJCOU NT of the CHILDREN belonging to The Foundling Hospital; for One Year, ending 5th January 1804,

Infants in Nursery, 5th January 1803 Admitted daring the Year Returned from Nurse, ditto

7®

0,140

75

*,285

Died -

Sent to Nurse -

Given to Parents - -

Drafted to the Hall -

Remain in Nursery 5th January 1804

75a

1,440

ft

45

2,285

GROWN DEPARTMENT.

Children in the House, 5th January 1803 Drafted from Nsrfe Returned from Apprenticeship - 3

Ditto, being for Health - - 29

665

9i

32

Died -

Apprenticed -

Eloped ——

Sent to the Country for Health HiredServants - -

Sent to the House of Refuge D° to Clontarf School, as Usher Remain in the House 5th January 1804

ft

191

2

34

2

1

1

555

788

COUNTRY ACCOUNT.

Infants in tbs Country 5 th January ) 1803 (»i« for Health) - - j

Sent to nnrfe during the Year

Ditto to the Country for Health

3»*73

*44°

34

4.747

Returned from the Country Ditto - - to be drafted - Ditto, being for Health Died and Buried abroad > Returned Dead Remain in Coun__,

(117 for Health)

75

9*

29

710

>7

3.825

4.747

Amttfty BaikRegr.

529

45 Geo. Ill*

Appendix.

14.—Coal Yard*;—Cork.—The ACCOUNT of William Luimlej, Esquire, Director of the Public Coal Yards of the City of Cork; for One Year, ending the 51b day of January 1804.

THE CHARGE: Balance of last Account in favour of the Public; being the Value of Coals remaining unfold in the different Yards ----- Barrels. Pecks. £■ d. £• '• <*• 44 913

Amount of Coals purchased and laid into the Yards: North Yard * 1,916 1.528 - - 756 12 — 608 6 10

3,444 - 1,364 18 10

Total Charge * 3,444 -4- £■ 1,814 12 —

THE DISCHARGE:

Amount of Coals fold out of the Yards: Barrels. Pecks. £■ d £. i. d.

North Yard ...... >.329 - - <© 00 <©

South Yard 939 - - 333 4 n>i

2*268 797 13 5

Balance in the different Yards on the 5th day of January 1804 1,176 - - ... 1,016 18 7

The Chargej as above - 3.444 - - - - £■ 1,814 12 —

Appendix, (No. i») 2i* Januarii,

continued.

I-----

the CASH ACCOUNT of William Lumley; Esquire; for One Year, ending the 5th day of January 1804.

THE CHARGE: Caib Balance in the Hands of the Director, on the 5th day of January 1803, towards th£ further Porchaffe of Coals for the Yards Barrels. Pecks. £■ *■ tf- i,6o<» 19 u

Amount of Coals fold out of the Yards within the period of this Account 0,268 - - 797 13 5

Total Charge - £■ 2,400 13 4

THE DISCHARGE: Barrels. Peckfc. £■ *■ d

Amount of Coals purchased for the Yards within the period of this Account 3,444 - r 1,364 18 10

Paid one Year's Rents and Salaries, from the lft day of December 1802, to the ifi day of December 1803, and remaining due to the Director - 3H 7 7

Total Discharge, - m - 1,679 6 5

Balance in the Hands of the Director towards the further Purchase of Coals for the Yards - 721 6 11

The Charge, as above - * £■ 2,4°° 13 4

1 £, *. i-

Balance in the Hands of the Director, brought down . - I 721 6 11

To which must be added,

A Sum for Half a Year's Rent of the North Public Coal Yard, paid out of the Period of this 1 11 14 6

The true Balance in favour of the Public then is - - £■ 1 733 1 5

This Account is accurately stated, except in the initance of Eleven Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Sixpence Rent for the North Coal Yard, which being paid out of the Period of this Account, is disallowed here, and must be brought into the subsequent Account; it is supported by proper Vouchers, and by the Depositions of the Director,

Vojl 6a

530

Appendix. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. i.)

at* Janudrii,

continued.

15—Commercial Buildings CoMPANY.-The ACCOUNT of the Commercial Buildings Company of Dublin, of the Appropriation of the Sums of Money received by them, under several A Act of Parliament, parted in relation to said Company, for One Year, ending the 5th day of January 1804; t

THE CHARGE:

Balance in the Hands of the Treasurer, as per last Account - - '

Received from the Lords of the Treasury, on Account of Duties chargeable House, within the Period of this Account ......

on Entries at the Custom-

£■ *• & 181 16 34

1,57^ i9 4

Total Charge

L754 15 7k

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid Irtterest on the Debt of this Company, Eleven thousand Eight hundred Pounds

Part of the Principal of said Debt ......

For Imprest Certificate of Receipts at the Treasury, for last furnished Account Fees at the Treasury ......

627 —

350 — 2 5 1 1

d.

6

Total Discharge Balance in the Hands of Uie Treasurer

q So 6

774 3 n I

The Charge, as above

c

L754 15 7i

Of the above Balance there is appropriated for the Payment of Interest due to sundry Persons, and uncalled for, tip to the 29th day of September 1803 -

Appropriated for Payment of Part of the Principal of the Debt ordered to be paid off on the 29th day of September 1803, and uncalled for, up to the 5th day of January 1804 -

£ *. d.

267-----

150-----

Balance unappropriated

417-----

357 3 ii£

774 3 lij

This Account is properly stated and vouched.

16.—New La* Courts*-* ne ACCOUNT of James Gaxdon, Architect, of Monies granted by Parliament and expended towards building and finishing the new Law Courts and Offices on the Inns Quay, Dublin, from the 13th day of November 1802, to the 17th day of March 1804.

THE CHARGE: Balance of last Account in favour of the Public -Received Parliamentary Grant of Session 1802 -

Total Charge

c

IO \6

d.

9k

5,320-----

5,330 16 9J

THE DISCHARGE: Paid Carpenters Work -

Masons ——

StoneCutters -

Painting -

Smiths Work -

Slaters - ......

Stucco Work

Sculpture ——

Plumbers Work - - - - ......

Gatekeepers, Labourers, &c. -

Incidental Expences ——

Jason Harris, Clerk of the Works, fix Quarters Salary -

Aaron Baker, Assistant ditto, ditto -

Architect, his Commission on the Amount, Five thousand Five hundred and Forty Pounds Sixteen Shillings, at Five per Cent. ——

Ditto - - - due him on his last Account ——

Total Discharge Balance in favour of the Public

The Charge, as above

£■ f. d.

1,805 16 4l

1,129 4 7

996 2 54

302 4 74

S7» — 10

102 10 104

271 4 9

113 15

79 4 9

120 13

8 18 2

90 — —

go — —

277 — 9

12 19 3k

5183016 —i

— — 9

5,830 16 94

Balance in favour of the Public brought down ......

To which rauft be added,

The Amount of Overcharges arising from Miscalculations on Labourers Bills -

By which a Balance will appear in favour of the Public of -

But there being also several Undercharges arising from the like Mifcalculations, amounting to the

Sum of ...... - •

By deducting from it the above Balance of

The true Balance will be in favour of the Accountant of

£■ S. d.

9

1 6 —4

1 6 94

18 »7 io|

1 6 p4

17 n i

-tir."t-? rn °*"v

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

531

17.—Lying-in-Hospital.—The General ACCOUNT of the Governors and Guardians of The Lying-in-Hospital, for One

Year, ending the Fifth day of January 1804.

THE CHARGE: £■ t. THE DISCHARGE: £• s. d.

Balance of last Account in favour of the Public - 919 9! Paid Expences of Chapel - 198 17 7

Received by Collections in the Chapel 412 15 —i Gardens ----- l$3 H

Produce of Annual Charity Sermon - 328 18 4 Rotunda and Rooms - 1,149 — i{

Rents of Pews ----- . 86 13 10J Chair Tax Poundage - 8 — 10

Produce of Garden Mnfic - From sundry Persons, for erecting and supporting 255 4 llutland-square Tax -Hospital Effabldhment Expences and New Porter's Lodge - 378 11 3$

Beds in the Holpitul - 4l2 IO 3.925 7

Benefactions - - 138 — 1$ Assemblies ----- 197 7 4

On Account of Tax on Private Sedan Chairs 101 1 74 Promenades ----- 114 19 2

Rutland-1 qua re Tax - 299 >5 7i Masquerades ----- 304 6 10i

For Rotunda and Rooms -Produce of Card Assemblies -. - - - - Promenades ----- Mal’queiade - From Mr. Afilev, pursuant to his Patent Lord Bolton’s Wine Licence -Lord Grenville's ditto -Rents ----- The Treasurer of the County Louth, for Ad-nntliou of a Female Pupil -Received from the Executors of the late Francis Higgins, Esq. a Bequest - *49 — 3 708 14 9J 137 11 1 1,044 19 8 loo 10 6 3 10 6 3 372 9 3 10 100 Interest oa Debentures 408

Parliamentary Grant of Session 1803 a,619 Total Discharge - - £. 6,848 4 7

lute re it on Debentures - 150 I Balance in favour of the Public 469 — 4*

Total Charge - * £. 7.317 9i I The Charge, as above - £. 7.3*7 4 9

, balance in favour of the Public brought down

To which add,

Being the Balance of Mrs. Rippingham’s Account, not expended by her, and therefore disallowed -

Alio,

The Amount of small Errors in the Calculations and Callings of the different Bills

£■ «• d.

469 —

— 15 si

1 18 7

The true Balance in favour of the Public then is

t

47i H 7

This Account is correctly dated and vouched, except in a few trifling clerical Errors, which are disallowed at the foot of it; and this excellent inditution appears well attended to, and of great benefit to the Public.—However, it appearing somewhat Angular to the Commissioners, that at the time when the Funds of this Inditution were dated to be declining and precarious, insomuch as to induct the Governors to solicit Parliamentary aid, that there should appear in this Account a very large Sum of Money expended in completing Buildings planned several years pad—the Commissioners therefore called upon an Ailing Governor, and examined him on Oath as to this point; and he declared, that when their Petition was presented to Parliament, they had no reason to expect their cafsal Funds would have been so productive—that from Profits arising from their Public Rooms (some of which, as a Masqued Ball, being adopted as a temporary measure, the Governors are determined not to renew) and other unlooked for sources, a Fund was unexpectedly created, which, in conjunction with the Parliamentary Grant, enabled the Governors not only to receive every poor Person that presented themselves, to the amount of above Two Thousand, but ulfo to pay off a Debt of Six hundred Pounds, to expend One thousand Three hundred and Ninety-one Pounds Eight Shillings and Nine Pence in Buildings, some of which were connected with the Accommodations of the Hospital, and others with the Public Rooms, the Hiring out of w'hich forms a considerable part of their Funds, and besides this to hand over a Balance of Four hundred and Sixty-nine Pounds Sixteen Shillings towards the Expences of the enl'uing Year.

The Commissioners muff observe, that the Produce of these Public Rooms, on which a very great Sum of the Public Money has been expanded, muff of course be casual and unascertainable beforehand—but there is every reason to expect, that under proper management, they will continue to furmlh Annually a very considerable Fund to the support of this Charity.

An Account of Arrears outstanding and unpaid, due by the Governors and Guardians of the Lying-in Hospital,

on the 5th day of January 1804; viz.

Debenture Intcreff due on the 25th day of March 1803 - -

Balance of Mr. Williams's Bill, for Glass Work formerly furnished, not ascertained -Balance on Account of Building the New Porter's Lodge, in progress -

1. d. 54-----•

An Account of Arrears due to the Governors and Guardians of the Lying-in Hospital, on the 5th day of January 1804; vit.

Arrear of Bed Money Ditto of Chair Tax - Ditto of Ru tland-square Tax Bequest of the late Miss Henry

Total Arrears

£• *• d‘

525

109 3 3

- 1 6917 4

- I | 450

I- | 954 —7

Appendix,

(No. 1.)

2i# Januarii, continued.

532

Appendix,

A* 1805.

Appendix,

(No. i.)

a i* Januarii,

continued.

18.—-Westmorland

L.--1 UC nU v v o i’ *■ -

Hospital, for One Year,* to the 5th day of January 1804.

Received ihm His Majesty s Treasury

THE CHARGE:

Total Charge

THE DISCHARGE: Balance of lait Account in favour of Accountants Paid Salaries and Wages -

Provisions - ......

Medicines, &c. - *

Firing, &c. ......

Furniture -

Repairs ......

Beds, Bedding, &c. -

Incidents - ......

Stewards Disbursements -

Trust'es ——

Fees -

Total Discharge Deduct the Charge

Balance in favour of Accountants

Balance in favour of Accountants, brought down -

To which add,

The Amount of Allowances upon Clerical Errors, in faveur of Accountants

The true Balance in favour of Accountants then is

' the Westmorland

£■ -

6.103 3 —i

£■ 6.203 3 — k

£. r. d

- 1.367 *3 3*

- 1,025

- 2,393 7 6

- 429 13 9i

475 *3 7

- 226 1 qJ

- 515 3 6

- 561 12 4

61 12 4)

- 344 13 3

425 15 —

- 3 13

£■ 7,830 1

" 6,203 3 — J

£■ 1,626 17 J

£■ s.

1,626 17 —4

* 4i

£ 1,626 17 4*

This Account is properly stated and vouched. A Governor and senior Surgeon, and the Steward, were examine ®

declared it is just and true in every particular.—A large Sum of Money appearing in the Discharge Part for 1 ru es, e overnor ai this was a Charity independent of the original Institution; but as there is no Establishment where the Poor labouring uu er uptjires are relieved, the Government directed they should be provided with Trust'es, gratis, at the Lock Hospital, which has according y een one.

The Establishment appears well attended to.—Subjoined is a Statement of the Patients.

RETURN of PATIENTS Admitted, Discharged, Cured, Irregular, Died, &c. &c. for One year, ending the 5th day of January, 1804.

Admitted. Discharged Cured. Ditto Irregular. Ditd. Externs. In Hospital under Cure, 5th January 1804.

Patients.

, 1,738 In Hospital 1 -5th January 1803. 3 a 1,679 36 35 250 36 35 4,‘83 *50

*,000 2,000

19*-"Hibernian Marine Society.—The ACCOUNT of the Governors of the Hibernian Marine Society, for One Year*

ending the 5th day of January 1803.

THE CHARGE:

Balance, being the Net Capital on the 5th day of

January 1802 ......

deceived from His Majesty's Treasury

* - By William Burton, Esquire, and Right

honourable William Brabazon Ponsonby, Joint Bond -

• The like - Ditto.- -

- - A Legacy, bequeathed by the late Hall

Lamb, Esquire ——

- - From William Burton, Esquire, on Account of an Arrear of Interest due on his and the late John Hyde, Esquire’s Bond for One thousand Two hundred Pounds, to the late Henry Waddell -

• One Year’s Dividend on Bank Stock

• Half a Year’s Ditto on Government Ditto

- Rent of a Lot of Ground

• A Benefaction ——

- By Collections in the Chapel

• By Subscriptions -

Total Charge

- £-

£. d. THE DISCHARGE; Paid Provisions ----- £• *• 784 9

7,244 12 6 Cloathing ----- >3 —

2,095 17 3 Furniture and Repairs Coals, Soap, and Candles -Rent, &c. - - . - 5‘H «4 5 92 17 * 104 6 si

250 — Books, Stationary, and Printing - 52 12 U

407 8 7 Outfit of Boys ----- Incidental Charges ----- 2123 42 18 2

IOO 258 17 — Salaries, Wages, and Allowances -Paid an Exceeding above an Hundred Pounds on the Purchase of a Government Five-per-Cent. Debenture, bought at - - jf.98 7 6 Interest and Commission - - - 2 4 1 293 9

3«2 IO 20 -a 22 15 — 45 10 — Exceeding - — 11 7

l6 12 3 Total Discharge - £. 2,22815 ii 8,672 1 it

ll6 14 2 Balance in favour of the Public -

10,900 16 9 The Charge, as above £. 10,900 16 9

Balance in favour of the Public, brought down

To which must be added,

The Amount of Errors in the Calculations and Callings, disallowed

The true Balance in favour of the Public then is

£■ S. d.

• 8,672 1 7*

- 1 2 ioJ

£■ 8,673 4 5&

The large Sum laid out for Furniture and ]RenaiVwTtf8 Wras "xaAmilied on who Glared it is just and true in every particular.

Overchlrge and Ofting-up were1" cfericT* ° the AcCOmmodatlon to °ne Forty Boys.-TUe Errors of

Subjoined is a Statement of the Boys for the Period of the Account.

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix

533

19.—Hibernian Marine Society—continued.

RETURN of the Number of Boys in the Nursery, for One Year, ending the 5th day of January 1803.

In the Nursery the 5th day of January 1802 Admitted, to the 5th day of January 1803 -

Apprenticed Eloped Expelled -Died

D iic barged

In the Nursery the 5th day of January 1803

Boys.

130

16

146

22

124

The Balance in favour of the Public consists of

Bank Stock -

Government Ditto -

William Burton and John U vde, Esquire's Bond William Burton and the Riiju Imnoumdc William Brabuzon Ponsonby’s two Bonds for

Cadi in the Regift er's Hands -

Net Capital - - £.

Former Disallowance by Commissioners of Account Diiallowance on the present Account -

Balance, as above - - £.

S. d.

4.3 — —

800 — —.

1,300 — —

657 8 7

«057 8 7

1»7°l 8 n

8,638 16 00

13 4 11

1 2 I04

8.673 4 51

Appendix,

(No.

21* Januariiy

continued.

20.—Coal Yards;—Dublin.—The ACCOUNT of Edward Saxkey, Esquire, Hiredor of the Public Coal Yards of the City

of Dublin, for One Year, ending the 5th day of January 1804.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of lait Account in favour of 1 the Publx.

rnfuper on Account ending the fifth day of January one thousand eight hundred and three ——

Calli in the Director’s Hards - -

ikJance of Money lor purchase of Coals -

Value of Coals remaining unlold in the Yards, on the fifth day of January one thousand e^ht hundred and three ——

The Balance - £.

Received from His Majesty's Treasury for the purchase of Coals -

Total Charge - - £.

£• s. d.

139 8 00

40 18 5

— — 11

3.77619 \ol

3,957 7 11

6,000 — —

9.957 7 11

THE DISCHARGE: £• *• d.

Paid into His Majesty’s Treasury - -- -- -- -Advertising - -- -- -- -- --Taxes - -- -- -- - Repairs labourers at Marfiuill Alley, to save the Coals from Fire ----- For Stamps and drawing a Contract - -- - - --Maher Porters - -- -- -- -- -Fees at Treasury - -- -- -- -- - 4.251 — 5 2 14 2 4 '9 9 14 19 9 15 9 3 2 5 6 70 8 10 2 12 (H

Total Discharge - - £, 4,304 10

Balance in favour of the Public - 5,592 17 S'

The Charge, as above - - £. 9,957 7

STATE OF THE ABOVE BALANCE. Balanre in favour f on Account ending the twenty-fifth day of December one thousand seven of the Public 1 hundred and ninety-three - - - on th ^th d y f < Cash ln lUp Directors Hands January 1804. i a^tie °* Coals remaining unfold in both Yards, on the fifth day of January one * * V- thousand eight hundred and four - -- - £■ t. d. 139 8 8J 61 13 35 5,391 15 85

Balance, as above - - £. 5,592 17

This Account appears fairly Bated, and is supported by Vouchers. The Comptroller and Director’s Clerk were examined upon Oath.— It appearing to the Commissioners of Account that the price at which the Coals were fold out to the Poor, was higher than it should have been, upon a calcul ition of the v lue of Stock in hand from the Lift vear, and the price paid for the remainder—The Comptroller acknowledged that the Coals were fold out at about One Shilling and Ten Pence per Ton more than they should have been, in order that the payments for each half barrel should amount to even money in hiver; viz. Two Shillings and Two Pence, the brals money then in circulation being of little or 110 value.—This increased price, however, has been brought to Charge. A large quantity of Coals are hated to be on hands at the expiration of every year; but it is impossible to ascertain whether this llatement be accurate, without emptying the Yards, which has not been done for many years.

21*—Commissioners of Wide Streets:—King’s Letter.—The ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for making Wide and . Convenient Streets in the City of Dublin, under the head of King’s Letter, for the line from Drogheda-street to the New Custom House, from the 5 th day of January to the 30th day of June 1803.

THE CHARGE: £ *• d. THE DISCHARGE: | £■ »■ d‘

Balance of last Account in favour of the Public 231 19 10-i- Paid Renta - * * 1 51 18 9

Received Beats 511 17 8 Total Discharge - - £. 1 51 18 9

TotaJ Charge - - £. T T 743 ,7 6 5 Balance of this Account in favour of the Public, transferred to credit of DameTlreet, or Coal Duty Account ----- The Charge, ae above - - £• \ 691 18 o| \ 743 17

VO L. 6«. 6 U •

534

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. i.)

2i * Januarii,

continued.

making wiae ana .........

River; from ttie 5th day of January to the 30th day of June 1803.

THE CHARGE:

Balance of last Account in favour of the Public - ......

Received Rents - * ' . ' " t " 7 . T " ~ " " ’

- For Paving in front of sundry Lots in Westmorland-street - - - - *

- . - Loan from the Bank for J. T. Kane's Note, Sixty-one days, renewed on the eleventh day of February one thousand eight hundred and three _ Ditto - - - - ditto - - - - on the ninth day of May -

_ . , For five Lots Weft fide of Westmorland-street ...... -

Total Charge -

c

THE DISCHARGE!

Paid Purchase of Concerns

Rent ...... ——

Loan and Inter eft - - - " * "

Salary ......

Total Discharge £.

Balance of this Account in favour of the Public, transferred to credit of Dame-street, 7 or Coal Duty Account - * - - -)

The Charge, as above

ii:'i Hr id, :/b Suuii

£• 6. (L

3 8

i»34 3 1

4 7

p, O0O —_

0,000 —■ —.

1,045 -* 17 6

23,150 8 10

£■ s. ,d.

2,766 H 7

1,115 6 5 i

18,281 4 9

75 — —

22,238 5 92

912 3 1 M

23,150 8 IO

These Accounts are regularly arranged and vouched.—They are thus distinctly stated for the purpose of bringing over their Balances to a General Consolidated Account of the Commissioners for making Wide and Convenient Streets in the City of Dublin, which has been lately sent into this Office, and in which the Commissioners of Accounts will be enabled, in their next Report, to exhibit at one view a General Statement, both as to Expenditure and Income; and also as to the Funded and Unfunded Debts of the Coiiimillioners for making Wide and Convenient Streets in the City of Dublin.

Balance in favour of the Public, brought down From which must be deducted,

The Balance of Errors in calculation in favour of Accountant -

s. d.

3 —i

4 8J

The true Balance in favour of the Public, Dame-street Account, as above, is -

and to be transferred to credit of

oil lS 4

23.—Directors and Commissioners for Paving, &c.—An ACCOUNT of all Monies collected, received, and distmrfed, by the Directors and Commissioners for Paving, Cleaning, and Lighting the Streets of Dublin; lor One Year, ending the 5th day of January 1804.

THE CHARGE:

£• s. d.

Balance of last Account in favour of the Public ——

Received on Account of Puving Tax -' - - - -1

- ----- Cleaning -

----- Lighting ——

- - from 11 is Majesty’s Treasury -

- - for Watering Streets ——

- - Fines on Nuisances ——

- Part of Balance due by Robert Blackhail -

* - Balance of sundry Diltreffes for Paving and Lighting Tax, sold by Auction -

- - From the Bank, for the Boards Draft 011 Henry Gore Sankey, Esq. ——

- - More - - - the like - - - ditto -

<2,189 8 5I

1,059 n 7 2,074 17 4

7,566 17 ioJ

9Joo-----

Si 16 4J 1*9 5 9*

14 9 7 10 10 —

1.000 -

1.000 -----—

Total Charge

34,826 17 —

l*aid Paving, &c.

Cleansing

Lighting

Corporation Iloufe

Fountains

Sewers -

Watering Streets

Establishment

Gratuities

Incidents

Interest on Debentures

l

THE DISCHARGE:

Total Discharge -Balanoe in favour of the Public -

The Charge, as above -

£. s. d.

7,149 14 10 4,107 1 6£

8,175 2 1

7dt> 13 7

360 — — 104 — 6

204 18 —} 3,691 10 7

1-399 4 if 3,858 17 8

2,995-----

£■ 33.012 2 ni

1,814 14 —f

-----—--,i -

£■ 34.S26 17 —

This Account is accurately stated and supported by Vouchers, declared they are just and tme Statements.

A Commissioner and the Accountant were examined upon Oath, wrh#

This Institution appears to remain in the same state as was mentioned in our Twenty-eighth Report,

to which we beg leave tmefer.

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

535

23.«*-Directors and Commissioners fur Paving, &c.—continued.

FUNDED DEBT of the Corporation for Paving, Cleaning, and Lighting, the Streets of Dublin.

To futadry Debentures issued 24th June 1790, £.5,000, at 3 I per cent. -

To - - - ditto - - . 12th April 1792, £.53 at 4 per cent. -

To - ditto - - - 25th April 1797, £.10,000, at 6 per cent, ar

%to6 -

as could be alcertaiued

To Balance remaining due of Robert Blackballs Debt Qdtc Collector of 5th Division) To Balance remaining due of Robert Shanley's Debt (late Collector of 5th Division)

the year £. s. d. 175 2,120 700

£■ 2,995

, as near £■ ft 15)4°°

ifpeftur of Accounts.

• £■ s. d.

- 00 & *• 1

- 264 15 1

£ 346 16 1

Appendix, (No. i.) 210 Januarii,

continued.

*4.—Mouse of Industry.—The ACCOUNT of the Governors of the House of Industry, for One Year, ending the 5th day of

January 1803.

TlIE CHARGE:

Balance of last Account in favour of the Public

Received Parliamentary Grant of Session one thou-saud eight hundred and two

i - a Donation -

- Interest of Baron Vryhoven's Legacy

- - Nett Income from External Resources -

- - Nett Ditto from Internal Ditto

Total Charge - - £.

£■ s. d. THE DISCHARGE: £■ ft d.

717 19 IO Paid Provisions - - - - V - 7,631 9 j©

Coals, Soap, Candles, and Lamp Oil - 626 18 7$

Cloathing, &c. 5»3 12 >1

*7>93* *5 7 Beds and Bedding - - 604 5 1}

5 13 9 Infirmary Expences - i*9i 9 3*

Burial Ex peaces 199 — n

71 11 10 Rent and Taxes - 306 9 5

55 h a Building and Repairs 1,585 10 Hi

Furniture and UteniiIs - 223 11 10

1,56418 5 Officers* Salaries - 2,367 17 ii

Beadles* Salaries, and Expences of Horse and

j Cart ----- 380 19 lij

j Menial Offices - - - - * 219 1 9

Printing and Stationary - 71 15

j Contingent Expences - 4°5 12 7

J Materials and Implements for Labour - 5»2 13 5i

Premiums to the Poor employed at Manufactures ----- 665 6 3|

j Per Centage to Mailers of the Works, Wages,

j &c. 708 16 <\\

Fees for Six Warrants - 226

Total Discharge 18,216 14 6J

/ Balance in favour of the Public 2,131 19 — i

20,348 13 7 The Charge, as above - - £ 20,348 13 7

Balance in favour of the Public, brought down -To which mast be added, the following Disallowances; viz.

The Amount of Bills brought into this Account, which have been paid after the period -

One Years Salary paid to the Reverend Thomas Gamble, late an acting Governor, but who had retigned before the commencement of it ——

A Sum paid to Gabriel Smyth, Mader of the Hosiers, being two-thirds of a loss sustained by him by his shop, in the House of Industry, being robbed to the amount of Sixty-seven Pounds Nineteen Shillings, on the fifth day of November one thousand eight hundred and two -

The amount of Overcharges, being errors in calculations and castings - -

From which mud be deduced.

The amount of Undercharges, being errors in calculations and callings

The true Balance in favour of the Public then is

£• «• <*• 2,131 19 —

2,212 14 4

IOO-----

45 6 —

281

4»49*

5

si

7

£• 1 4,486 18 io|

This Account (though without any intention of fraud) has not been accurately dated. The Sum of Two thousand Two hundred and Twelve Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Four Pence, has been disallowed, having been paid subsequent to the period of the Account. The Sums of One hundred Pounds Salary to Mr. Gamble, and Forty-five Pounds Six Shillings to reimburse a loss l’uftained by a Robbery, are also disallowed, as no sufficient authority from Government has been produced for them.

The other Overcharges and Errors in calculations confid of clerical Errors, individually of fraall Amount.

The Account thus amended appears jud and true, and well vouched, and supported by Daposition, on Oath, of two of the Governors and the Secretary.

Appendix,

(No. i.)

21 Janua

continued.

536

Appendix.

A. 1805.

25.—Commissioners for tiif. Reduction of of the National Deb

f the National Debt.—The ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for the Reduction it; from the 04th day of June 1797, to the 24th day of March 1798.

THE CHARGE:

Received one Quarter’s Issue under the Act 37 Geo. III. on 24th June -

1 u ...... 20th September -

D tto ...... 25th December - -

Ditto . - ...... 25th March 1798 -

Ditto, One per-Cent. on a Loan of £.500,000 by the Bank of Ireland, under an Act of 6th June 1797, Four Quarters to 25th March 1798 - - - ‘

Ditto, One per-Cent. on Capital Stock £. 635,000, created by Loan under the [aft-

mentioned Act, Four Quarters to 25th March 1798 ......

By Interest, on Stock purchased Second Quarter ...... -

Ditto ----- Third ditto -

Total Charge -

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid for Capital Stock purchased in the First Quarter, from the 24th of June, to the 29th of September 1797, to the Amount of £. 20,441. 19. 4. -

Ditto Interest accruing on the fame ——

First Quarter -

Ditto for Ditto, in the Second Quarter, from 29th September, to 25th December, to the Amount of £. 26,758. 4. 6. ——

Ditto Interest accruing thereon -

Second Quarter -

Ditto for ditto, in the Third Quarter, from 25th December to 24th March 1798,

£.16,138. 3* 5* ......

Ditto Interest accruing thereon -

__________ Third Quarter -

Capital purchased £. 63,338. 7. 3.

£. s.

25.000 —

25.000 —

25.000

25.000 —

- -

255 10 6

116 17 6

£■ s. d.

15,27* H 9

142 18 —

iS,375 5 6

283 6 5

10,542 16 3

‘274 7 9

£• *• d.

100,000 -

5,000-----

6,35o-----

372 8 —

111,722 8 —

£. *. d.

15,414 12 §

18,658 11 u

10,817 4 —

Of which,

Half a Year due at the Bank 25th March 1798 -

Total Discharge - - £. 44.890 8 8

Balance in favour of the Public - - - 66,"31 19 4

The Charge, as above - m £ ■^1 I oc 1

£. s. £. s. d.

Capital purchased at 5 per-Cent. - - - 3,166 18 4

? - - - - £■ L5S3 9 2

STATE OF THE BALANCE:

Four Quarters Issue to and for 25th March 1798, of the Sum appropriated to be sent to purchase Stock in England, by Act 37 Geo. Ill. -

One Quarter’s Issue to and for ditto, of the Sum appropriated to be laid out in Ireland, by same Act Four Quarter’s lifue to and for ditto, on Loan of £. 500,000 by the Bank of Ireland, by Act passed 6th June 1797 ——

Four Quarters Issue to and for ditto, on Capital Stock of £.635,000, created by Loan under last recited Act -

Unapplied in the Bank

32,364 11 8

16,908 17 1

5,000-----

6,350-----

6,208 10 7

66,831 19 4

In this Account the Accountant has brought in charge against himself all the Sums he concluded hims. lf entitled to receive within the period Irom the 1 rtafury; whereas, in last, he received within the period of this Account only the Sum of £. 50,493. 19. 3. of \vhi< b

f. 6,208. 10. 7. Ibv unapplied in the Bank, and the remainder lie laid out in Stock. The other Sums contained in the Ciiaige F utot tins ccount appear to have been received in the l'ubiequent Year, except the Sum of £. 32,364. 11. 8. part of the orig inal 100,000 let apart for liquidating the National Debt by 37 Geo. 111. Chap. 27. and appropriated afterwards by 37 Geo. Hi. Chap. 3^ to liquidate £.1,500,000 Lnglith Debt, and again transterred from the Commissioners for liquidating the National I)ebi to the Lords 01 the Treasury, by 38 Geo. ill. Ghup. 58——Ihis Sum has never since been itiued to Accountants—nor does it appear upon these Accounts where it is applied.

26.—Commissioner* for the Reduction of thf. National Debt.—The ACCOUNTof the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, from the 25th day of March, to the 24th day of December 1798, both days inclusive.

' " THE CHARGE:

Balance of lall Account -

Issue by Act 37 Geo. III. One Quarter, to and for 24th June 1798 - ......

One Ditto, to 29th September ditto -

Issue on Loan ot / . 500,000 by the Bank of Ireland, by Act of 6th June 1797, one Quarter to and for 24111 June 1 /Qo

One ditto, 29th September ditto ......

lflfnr°r?LairalS->Co ^'<535’000’ created by Loa" under the last recited Act. One Quarter to and for -4m June 179

One Ditto, 20U1 September ditto -

liu.c on expired Annuities, One Quarter to and for 25th March 1708 I T I I

One Quarter 24th June ditto - _ _ - -

One ditto, 29th September ditto

Wlfor°"4Vh Juncf f7o88’000-byth- Ba,lk of Irc, and> b>’ Act pafl'ed 4th June 1798, One Quarter to and One Quarter to 29th September 1798

Carried forward -

s. d.

66,831 19 4

) 6,908 17 1

16,908 17 1

1,250 — —

1,250 — —

1,587 10 —

1,5^7 10 —

562 10 —

562 10 —-

562 10 —

820 . —

820 —* —

109,652 3 0

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

Total Charge - - £.

THE DISCHARGE:

Transferred to the Lords of the Treasury, by Act passed 6th October’1798

Paid for Capital Stock purchased, from 24th March to 24th June 1798, being the 4th Quarter, to the Amount of ——

And accruing Intcrell thereon -

Dim for ditto from 24th June to 29th September 1798, being the 5th Quarter to the Amount of And accruing Interest thereon -

Ditto for ditto from 29th September to 25th December 1798, being the 6th Quarter to the Amount of -

And accruing Interest thereon -

Capital purchased

£■ s.

32,816 13 4

33,483 6 8 59,97° 18 9

126,270 18 9

Total Discharge

Accruing Interest per Annum on £.189,609. 6. o. Capital, purchased at 5 per Cent.

Of which Half a Year due 25th March next 1799 •-----£.

AIfo, Half a Year on £.27,000 English, £.29,250 Irish, due 29th September, in England -

4,74° 4 ' 73i 5 —

£■ S. d.

109,652 3 6

4,289 17 6

4,289 l7 6

1.583 9 2

2,5°9 H 2

6 8 6

122,331 10 4

£■ s. d.

32,364 11 8

21,145 12 4

23,4ia 6 10

537

26.—Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt—continued.

The Charge—continued - Brought forward -

TlTue on Capital Stock of £. 1>7L5>95°> created by Loan under last recited Act, One Quarter to and for 24th June 1708 - - - _

On* ditto 29th September ditto

Interest on Struck purchased, for Six Months to 25th March 1798, on £.63,338. 7. 3. - -

l or ditto 25th September ditto, on ----- 100,388. 7. 3.

Received back on Account of Profit on Exchange

45,408 19 6

122,331 10 4

9,48° 9 3

Appendix, .(No. 1.)

21 Javuarii,

continued. -----'-----

*7.—Comus«ioffERS ton the Reduction of the Natioxal Debt.—The ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; from the 25th day of December 1798, to the 24th day of December 1799, both days inckifi¥e.

THE CHARGE:

Issue by Ad 37 Geo. III. One Year, to and for 29th September 1799

Issue on Lpan of £.500,000, by the Bank of Ireland, by Act passed 6th January 1797, One Year, to and for ditto ——

Issue on Capital Stock of £. 635,000, created by Loan under the last recited Act, One Year, to and for ditto ——

Issue on expired Annuities, One Year, to and for ditto ——

Issue on Loan of £. 328,000, by the Bank of Ireland, by Act passed 4th June 1798, One Year, to and

foi ditto - ......

Issue on Capital Stock of £.1,715,950, created by Loan by Act passed 4th June 1798, One Year, to and for ditto ——

(flue on Capital Stock of £. 2,000,000, created by Loan by Act passed 7th May 1799, Two Quarters, to and fur ditto ——

£. s. A 67»635 4 5,000 — —

6,350 -

2,250 — —

3,280 — —

17,159 10 —

10,000 --- —

Interest on Stock purchased Six Months, to 25th £■ S, d. £- d. jC* 1. d.

March 1799, on - 160,033 7 3 4,015 l6 8

Ditto to 25th September, d* on - 230,823 10 6 5,770 11 9

In Ireland - - - - 9,786 8 5

Ditto to 25th September 1798, on - - - - 29,250 — 73 * 5 —

Ditto to 25th March 1799, on - 63,294 6 9 1,582 7 1

Ditto to 25th September 1799, on - - 65,°36 9 10 1,625 >8 3

In England - - - - 3,939 10 4

Total Interest cm Stock purchased

Received back on account of Profit on Exchange

13>725 18 9

6 211

Total Charge

125,407-----

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid for Capital Stock purchased, from 25th December 1798, to 24th March 1799, being the 7th Quarter to the Amount of Ditto accruing Interest thereon 1 -

Ditto for Capital Stock, from 24th March to 24th June 1799, being the 8th Quarter, to the Amount of - Ditto accruing Interest thereon

Ditto for Capital Stock, from 24th June to 29th September 1799, being the 9th Quarter, to the Amount of ——

Ditto accruing Interest thereon -

Voi*

.£• *• d- £. J. £. d.

34,318 8 — 25,732 14 3

- - - 362 8 8

* 26,095 2 11

39,059 — 3 30,491 9 6

— — 2/5 18 10

30,767 8 4

32,873 6 1 29,825 14 2

- 593 — 5

30,418 14 7

Carried forward * - £.

1

6X

87,281 5 1*

538

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix, (No. i.) *i* Januarii,

continued.

27.—Commissioners for the RedudHon of the National Debt-continued.

The Discharge— continu -

Ditto for Capital Stock, from 29th September, to 25th December 1799, being the 10th Quarter, to the Amount of i

Ditto accruing Interest thereon * 4

d.

44>O03 >5 8

Total Capital purchased £.150,254 10 —

Total paid for Capital Stock and accruing Interest Paid Governor of Bank, Profit on Exchange

- Brought forward -£■ *■ d.

37*577 »8 7 277 >5 9

37*855 H

25 th September 1799, on £.60,033. 13. 8. English

Accruing Interest per Annum on £. 339,863. 16. o. Capital, at 5 per Cent. -Of which Half a Year due 25th March next 1800 * -

Total Discharge -

• m

- £l°l

£. d.

£• 87,281 5 10

d.

4

125,137 —

6 8 6

, is

to

- 263 11 4

£ 125,407

- 16,993 3 9

ioi

58.—Commissioners por the Reduction of the National Debt.—The ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; from the 25th day of December 1799, to the 24th day of December 1800.

THE CHARGE:

Received One Year's Issue, under the A d of 37 Geo. III. appointing the Commissioners, to and for 29th September 1800 ——

. One Year s Issue on Loan of £. 500,000, by the Bank of Ireland, by Ad paired 6th June-1797, to and for 29 th September 1800 -

- - One Year’s Issue on Capital Stock of £. 635,000, created by Loan under the last recited Act, to

and for 29th September 1800 ——

- * One Year’s Issue on expired Annuities, to and for ditto ditto -

- - One Year's Issue on Loan of £. 328,000, by the Bank of Ireland, by Act passed 4th June 1798,

* to and for 29th September 1800 ——

- One Year’s Issue on Capital Stock of £. 1,715,950, created by Loan under the last recited Act, to and for 29th September 1800 - - * -

• - One Year's Issue on Capital Stock of £. 2,000,000, created by Loan by Act passed 7th May 1779, to and for 29 th September 1800 ——

- - Two Quarters Issue on Capital Stock of £. 2,500,000, created by Loan by Act passed lft

August 1800, to and for 29 th September 1800 -

£. 8. d.

67,635 * 4 5,000-----

6,350-----

2,250-----

3,280 — —

17,159 10 —

20,000 — — 12,500 — —!

Interest on Stock purchased; viz.

' In Ireland:

Six Months to 25th March 1800, on Ditto to 25th September ditto, on

In England:

Six Months to 25th March 1800, on Ditto, to 25th September d° on Interest on Stock purchased

Received back on Account of Profit on Exchange

£. 8. d.

* 39>457 10 7

- 395,002 4 9

65.036 9 10

65.036 9 10

d.

7*736 8 9 9,^75 1 if

1.625 18

1.625 18

£. 8. d.

20,863 6 4f

Total Charge

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid for Capital Stock purchased, from 25th December 1799, to 24th £. 9. d.

March 1800, being the 11th Quarter, to the Amount of - - 34,630 4 5

And accruing Interest thereon

Ditto for ditto, from 25th March to 24th June 1800, being the 12th Quarter, to the Amount of ...... 44,586

11

And accruing Interest thereon

Ditto for ditto, from 24th June to 29th September 1800, Being the

13th Quarter, to the Amount of 40,958 13 3

And accruing Interest thereon - - ,

Ditto for ditto, from 29th September to 25th December 1800, being the 14th Quarter, to the Amount of 55,928 2 11

And accruing Interest thereon - - * - «

Total Capital purchased

• £• 176,10a 1 6

£* *• d.

30,418 14 7

39,809 u 9

36,668 14 7

48,176 1 nj

Total paid for Capital Stock and accruing Interest -Paid Commission, Brokerage, Postage, and Insurance of Bills on receiving

Total Discharge -

12»899 3 5

20,863 6 4f

78 19 i

I55, H7 3 9*

£• *• i.

155,073 a loj

44—*

*55*117 3 §1

25*798 6 10

45 Geo. IIL

Appendix;

63 9

29. Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.—The AC C OU N T of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, from the 25th day of December 1800, to the 24th day of December 1861.

THE CHARGE:

Received One \ear s Issue under the Act of 37 Geo. III. appointing the Commissioners, to and for 29th September 1801

- - One r ear s Issue on Loan of £. 500,000, by the Bank of Ireland, by Ad paired 6th June 1707, to and for 20th

September 1801 ...... .... J

- - One V ear s Issue on Capital Stock of £. 635,000, created by Loan under the last recited Act, to and for 20th

September 1801 ——

- - One Year’s Issue on Expired Annuities, to and for Ditto .........

- - One \ ear s Issue on Loan ot £. 328,000, by the Bank of Ireland, by Ad palfed 4th June 1798, to and for Ditto

- - One \ ear s Issue on Capital Stock ot £. i,7if>,95( > created by Loan under the last recited Act, to and for Ditto

* * One^ Years Issue on Capital Stock of £.2,000,000, created by Loan determined by Act passed 7th May 1799, to and for

• - One \ ears Issue on Capital Stock of £. 2,500,000, created by Loan by Ad paired ift Aueuft 1800, to and for

29th September 1800 - - - - . . . ..

Interest on Stock purchased; vis.

Six Months, to 25th Marqh 1801, on Six Ditto, - to 25th September - on -

Six Months, to 25th March 1801, on Six Months, to 25th September Ditto, on

In Ireland: 9. d. £• *■

- - - . - - - - 494.789 3 1 12,369 14 7 14,808 18 4

In England:

- - - - * - 65,036 9 9 10 10 1,625 18 3 1,645 18 3

Interest on Stock purchased Received by Charges due 24th December 1799 -Received back on Account of Protit on Exchange

Total Charge - - £.

£• *• fyfi 35

d.

4

5,000 •— —

8,350 —

2,250-----

3,^80-----

17,159 10 —

20.000 — —

25.000 — —

30,430 9 263 11 138 3

177,507 * 8

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid for Capital Stock purchased, from 25th December 1800 to 24th March 1801, £. 3, d.

being the 15th Quarter, to the Amount of ...... 43,858 15 5

And accruing Interest thereon ——

For ditto, from 24th March to 24th June 1801, being the 16th Quarter, to the Amount of----- - 57,418 19 9

And accruing Interest thereon - -- -- - v -

For ditto, from 24th June to 29th September 1801, being the 17th Quarter, to the Amount of - - 40,150 10 2

And accruing Interest thereon - -

For ditto, from 29th September to 25th December 1801, being the 18th

Quarter, to the Amount of - -- -- 55,303 11 2

And accruing Interest thereon

Total Capital purchased - - £. 196,729 16 6

£. 3. d.

36.668 14 7

50,741 — 6

36.668 14 7 53,384 *

Total paid for Capital Stock and accruing Interest ——

Paid Commission, Brokerage, Postage, and Insurance of Bills, on receiving and remitting Two Dividends of £. 1,500. l6«.lo. English, for Six Months Interest on £. 60,033. 16. 8.-English, to 25th March and 25th September 1801

Total Discharge - - £.

Accruing Interest per Annum on £. 712,696. 14. o. Capital, purchased at 5 per Cent Of which Half a Year due 25th March next 1802 -•-•

17,817 8 4

*77,483 — 10

44 * *0

177,507 * 8

35,834 *8 8

30.—Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.—The ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, from the 25th day of December 1801, to the 5th day of January 1803.

THE CHARGE:

Received One Year's Issue, under the Act of 37 Geo. IIL appointing the Commissioners, to and for 29th September 1802 One Year's Issue on Loan of £. 500,000. by the Bank of Ireland, by Act passed 6th June 1797, to and for 29th September 1802 ——

One Year's Issue on Capital Stock of £. 635,000, created by Loan under the last recited Act, to and for 29th

September 1802 ......

One Year's Issue on Loan of £.328,000, by the Bank of Ireland, by Act passed 4th June 1798, to and for 29th September 1802 - - - "

One Year's Issue on Capital Stock of £. 1,715,950, created by Loan under the last recited Act, to and for 29th September 1802 - -

Oue Year's Issue on expired Annuities, to and for Ditto - -~ - - - •

One Year's Issue on Capital Stock of £. 2,000,000, created by Loan by Act passed the 7*h of May 1799, to

and for 29th September ......

One Year’s Issue on Capital Stock of £.2,500,000, created by Loan by Act passed ift August 1800, to and for

29th September 1802 ......

Three Quarters of a Year Issue on Capital Stock of £. 1,770,232. 17. l. created by Loan by Act passed 3d June 1801, to and for 29U1 September 1802

Carried forward * £.

d.

67,635 8 4

5,000 — —

6,350 — -

3,280 — —

17,159 to —

2,250 —

20,000 - —

25,°°° — —■

13,*78 14 iof

159,951 is 2f

Appendix^ (No. 1.)

41* Jamariif

continued.

Appendix

A. 1805.

Appendix, (No. i.) ti*Januarit,

continued.

30. —Commissioners for the Redudiou of the National Debt—

C H A R G E—continued: Interest on Stock purchased; viz.

In Ireland.—Six Months, to 125th March 1803, on J Ditto - to 25th September ditto, on - -

Ditto - - to ditto - - On -In England.—Six Months, to 25th March 1802, on - Ditto - - to 25th September, on -Interest on Stock purchased -Received back on Account of Profit on Exchange -

THE DISCHARGE:

20,000

L d.

* c

s. d.

12 5 >7,iii 1 3 f

17 if 10,163. 5 8

-< ' 350 — —

9 10 1,625 18 3

9 10 1,625 18 3

Total Charge

£• >. d.

*59.951 13 2<

39,876 3 5l 93 15 3

Paid for Capital Stock purchased, from 25th December 1801, to 24th March 1802, s. d.

being the 19th Quarter, to the Amount of * 36,782 8 3

And accruing Interest thereon - " *

For Capital Stock, from 24th March to 24th June 1802, being the 20th Quarter, to the Amount of -- ----- - - 57>121 12

And accruing Interest thereon For Capital Stock, from 24th June to 29th September 1802,being the 21ft Quarter, to the Amount of-----' 44>966 12 5

And accruing Interest thereon ——

For Capital Stock, from the 29th September to 25th December 4 8o2rJ>eing the 22d Quarter, to the Amount of - -- - 63,193 13 3-

And accruing Interest thereon -

Total Capital purchased - - 202,064 6 3

C d.

36,668 14 7

55,430 10 lof 45,519 17 10 62,25! 6 gl

*99, 9*i 11 n

£ *. I

Total paid for Capital Stock, and accruing Interest Paid Commission, Brokerage, Postage, and Insurance of Bills, on receiving and remitting Two Dividends of £.1,500.16. 10. English, for Six Months Interest on£. 60,033. 13. 8. English, to 25th March and 25th September 1802

Total Discharge

- c

Accruing Interest per Annum on £■ 894,761. —. 3. Capital, purchased at 5 per Cent,

Ditto - - - on £.20,000 at 3 £ per Cent. -

Of vhieh Half a Year due 25th March next 1803 -

£• 22,719 — 6

>99,*77 lo 1 44 1

199,92i 11 11

44,738 1 _ 700-----

45,438 1 -

31.—Commission xxs MX the Reduction or the National Debt.—The ACCOUN T.of the Commissioners for the Reduction

of the National Debt, for One Year, ending the 5U1 day of January 1804.

THE CHARGE:

Received One Year’s Issue, under the Act of 37 Geo. III. appointing the Commissioners to and for 29th September 1803 . - One Year’s Issue, on Loan of £. 500,000, by the Bank of Ireland, by Ad pailed the 6th of June 1707, to and for 29th September 1803 - - - - . . . , .

- - One Year’s Issue on Capital Stock of £. 635,000, created by Loan under the last recited Act, to and fer 29th

September 1803 . ......

• - One \ ear’s Issue on Loan of £. 328,000, by the Bank of Ireland, by Act passed 4th June 1798, to and for 20th September 1803 - - . _ . . . .

- - One Year’s Issue on Capital Stock of £. 1,715,950, created by Loan under the last recited Act, to and for 20th

September 1803 ——

- - One Year’s Issue on expired Annuities, to and for Ditto ......

- One Year’s Issue on Capital Stock of £. 2,000,000, created by Loan by Act passed 7th May 1799, to and for 29th September 1803 - - - . . .

• One Yew’s Issue on Capital Stock of £. 2,500,000, created by Loan by Act passed lft August 1800, to and for 29th September 1803 . . . . 0

- One Year’s Issue on Capital Stock of £.1,770,232. T7. r. created by Loan by Adpafl'ed 3d-June 1802, to and

lor 29th September 1803 - -

Interest on Stock purchased; viz. In Ireland Six Months, to 25th March 1803, on -

Six ditto, - to 25th September 1803, on -

One Year, - to 25th September 1803, on -

In England:—Six Months, to 25th March 1803, on -

Six Months, to 25th March 1803, on-

£ 1. d.

870,476 19 4

986,203 11 8

20,000-----

65.036 9 10

65.036 9 10

Interest on Stock purchased -

Received back on Account of Profit on Exchange

£. *. d,

21,761 18 6 24>655 1 9l

700-----

1.625 18 3

1.625 18 3

Total Charge - £.

THE DISCHARGE:

Paid for Capital Stock purchased, from 25th December 18.02, tQ 24th March 1803 being the 23d Quarter, to the Amount of ’

£, 9. I

67^35 ! 4

5, Poo-----*

6,350 -

3,280-----

17,159 10 — 2,250-----

20,000 — —

25,000-----

17,702 6 6

50,368 16 pi 211 19 3

214,958 —

And accruing Interest thereon

to the Amount of ——

And accruing Interest thereon ——

For Capital Stock, from 24th June to 29th September 1803, being the 2cth Quarter, to the Amount of - - - - _

And accruing Interest thereon - -

For Capital Stock, from ,29th September to 25th December 1803, being the 26th Quarter, to the Amount of*---...®

And accruing Interest thereon

Total paid for Capital Stock, and accruing Interest -

£■ s. d. £• c. d.

40.752 8 11

41*094 6 21

70,083 19 —

• - - 64.893 15 >1

45.642 13 4

• 41*094 6

76,293 5 7

- - - 67*831 11 6

*32,772 6 10

Carried forward - - £,

£• '•

d.

*14>913 *9

214,913

3 19 -1

45 Geo. IIL

Appendix.

541

31* Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt—continued.

The Discharge :—continued. Brought forward - - £,

Paid Commission, Brokerage, Postage, and Insurance of Bills, on receiving and remitting two Dividends of/. 1,500. 16.10. Lnghlh, for Six Months interetl on £. 60,033. 13. 8. English, to 25th March, and 25th September 1803 -

Total Discharge - - £.

Accruing interetl per Annum, on - - - - - i i . v,

Capital purchased at Five per Cent. ’ /’o33^7

Ditto - - ditto - -- on- - - - - . _ _ _ _ oj0oo~____*

Capital purchased at 3^ per Clint. - ‘ - - I _ ~ * " j

Total Capital purchased - - £.1,147,533 7 1

Of which Half a Year due 25th March next 1804 -

Interest per Annum - - £.

£•28,538 6 8

Discharge brought down -

To which inufl be added,

*he Amount of clerical Errors in the Seven Accounts, from 24th June 1797, to 5th January 1804, in favour of the Accountants ......

Dedud the Charge - - - -Balance in favour of Accountants - - - £,

11 1 - - pl T"

Appendix,

I 7. 7. <No-’->

2H>9!3 »9 —f 41® Jattuariiy

44 I 10

•214,958 — ioi

continued.

56,376 13 4 700 —

57,076 13 4

*14,958 — 10I

— a i§

214.958 3 —

214.958 — io|

— 2 1$

foefe several Accoacts appear to be accurately flated and vouched.—Mr. Vicars, the Secretary to the Commissioners for liquidating the

National Debt, was examined upon Oath, as was also Mr. Deey, the Broker.

Mr. Vicars declared full Credit is given for all Sums received by him at the Treasury, which he immediately lodged in the Bank of Ireland; and Mr. Deey declared all Stock, &c. was purchased by him at the fair Market Price of the day, which can all'o be proved by the Transfer Books; the Stock purchased in England he was not acquainted with.

Account Office, 7 t ld December 1804. j

R. T. Herbert.

Rich. Mag Maurice Cane. Redmond Barry. Hulton King.

(L. S.) (L. S.) (L. s.) (L. S.) (L. S.)

LIST of ACCOUNTS passed by the Commissioners of Account of Ireland, mentioned in their Thirtieth Report; dated the

22d day of December 1804.

4*

5.

6.

9-

10.

11.

12.

*3-

14.

15.

id.

*7-

18.

19-

20.

81.

22.

*3-

24.

*5-

26.

*7-

28.

29-

30.

31-

ACCOUNT of the

Ballad Office, Dublin, one Year, to 5th January 1803 -

Governors of the House of Industry (public Soup Kitchens) from 16th April 1800 to 8th July 1803 -

Hibernian Society for Soldiers' Children, from id January 1801 to 5th January 1802 -

Ditto, to 5th January 1803 - -■

Incorporated Society for Protestant Schools, one Year, to 5th January 1803 Female Orphan House, one Yrear, to ditto -

Commissioners for Improving the Port and Harbour of Drogheda, one Year, to 5th January 1804 - - - v

Directors General of Inland Navigation, from 16th September to 3id December 1800 ——

Ditto, from id January 1801 to 5th January 1802 *- - - - - . -

Ditto to 5th January 1803 - -

Roman Catholic College, one Year, to 5th January 1S04 - - - - _ -

Farming Society, from 18th September 1801 to 5th January 1803 -Governors of the Foundling Hospital, one Year, to 5th January 1804 - - , -

Director of the public Coal Yards of the City of Cork, one Year, to ditto -Commercial Buildings Company, one Year, to ditto - - - - , -

New Law Courts and Offices, from 13th November 1802 to 17th March 1804 -Governors and Guardians of the Lying-In Hospital, one Year to 5th January 1804 -Governors or Directors of the Westmorland Lock Hospital, one Year, to 5th January 1804 ——

Hibernian Marine Society, one Year, to 5th January 1803........

Public Coal Yards, Dublin, one Year, to 5th January 1804 - -

Comnriilioners of Wide Streets (King s Letter) from 5th January to 30th June 1803 - Ditto, (Avenues from Carlisle Bridge) from 5th January to 3°fh June 1803 Directors and Commissioners for Paving, &c. one Year, to 5th January 1804 Governors of the House of industry, one Year, to 5th January 1803 -

Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, from 24th June 1797 to 24th March 1798 - - - - . - . - ~ - ' . "

Ditto, to 25th December 1798 ......

Ditto, to 25th December 1799 -

Ditto, to 25 th December 1800 ——

Ditto, to 25 th December 1801- - - - " . " " *

Ditto, to 5th January - 1803 ......

Ditto, to 5th January - 1804 - " " "

Balances in the Hands of Accountants. OverExpended by Accountants, Debts of -v Corpbration*.

£. t. d. 3,176 »5 7l £. s.-d.

7 13 4i r

415 10 4I 790 6 10I 8,914 10 8 2,195 8

22 3 7i

i,86a 4 5 4,813 2 7$ 6,417 1 3 572 5 5 2,163 13 8} 38 3 i°i 1,016 18 7 774 8 iij 17 11 ll 47* 14 7 J I * 3,79i — 6

8,673 4 5l 5,592 17 8i 691 18 9j 911 18 4 1,814 14 —f 4,486 18 io£ 1*626 17 4f ► 1

66,83119 4 I * 1*

6 Y

542

'Append!*, (No. 2.) 23* Janiiarn.

Appendix,

A. 180A

ABSTRACT of the Ordinart Estimate of Ills Majesty’s NAVY; for the year 1805.

N° 1.

To the Right honourable the Lfcrds Commissioners executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, Ac. the Comunffioners of the Navy, with their Secretaries, Clerks, Intfruinents, and Contingencies,

, relating thereto ——

Superannuated Sea Officers £.63,019 12 io\

Pensions and other Allowances ...... - - 19,836 7 3J

Chatham - - - - ----- 13,700 8 a"]

11,643 14 6 12,362 11 lol

Yards

Deptford - -

YVoolwieh - -

Portsmouth - - 18,819

Sheerness * ...... - . .. 10,841

, Plymouth ...... 15,43a

Mufier-master and other Officers of the Out-Ports - * -

Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary - it

Victuals to Officers and Men fenring therein ...... k

Charge of Harbour Mooring and Rigging ......

Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty's Ships in Harbour, and of the Pocks, Wharfs, Buildings, Ac. -

Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers ——

Bounty to Chaplains ——

Charge of the Victualling Establishment ——

Charge of the Sick and Wounded Eitablishment * * -

3 —J

L

I i.

125.426 16 1

82,856 _ ,

2,709 13 1

10,489 16 j 68,812 12 7

50,128 18 4

41,400 -

2l6,7CO-----_

219,100 v-----

3467 10 — 79,o8o 7 i '24,618 13 2

1,004,940 6 9

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majestys Navy, for the year 1805, amounts to the Sutn of One Million Four thousand Nine hundred and Forty Pounds Six Shillings and Nine Pence.

A. S. Hamond.

H> Duncan*

7. Henjloiv.

S\ Gambia\

F> 7. HartwdL

NAVY OFFICE, 15th January 1805.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuilding*, and Repairs of Ships of War, in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary; for the year 1805.

Place where. Guns. Ships Names.

pEfTFofir).: 74 Fame - -

3* Minerva

100 Q, |tieen Charlotte

74 Bombay

Schooner (New)’ - -

Vessel for digging Soil -

• Vessel for removing Soil -

3* Hebe - -

44 Dover - -

- Woolwich -

Retribution

WOOLWICH - i i 98 Ocean - -

I 1 74 Invincible -

f 3® Loweftoffe -

S» I (New) - -

Sloop Gaiete - -

1 K4 Charon - -

Building, or,

Nature of their Repair.

When may be

r Taken in Hand. \\r , .... Completed. Uu

1 In Hand - Uncertain - 1

1 In Hand Uncertain - I

Building - - -Building - - -Ordered to be built Ordered to Be built -Ordered to be built -Ordered to be built Ordered to be built Fitting her for Sea Large Repair - -Large Repair - -

Large Repair - -

Building - - - - ] In Hand

Ordered to be built -Ordered to be built -Ordered to be built

Large Repair - - - | Uncertain - \ Uncertain - \ 5,000 \ 3,000

Middling Repair - - \ Uncertain - Uncertain * \ 9,100 \ 4,600 For such Ships as may be ordered in the course of the year to be repaired - - V 36,700 \ <21,100

Toxan

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

543

Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, &c.—continued.

Place where.

CHATHAM

&UEERNE8S -

PLYMOUTH - -

PORTSMOUTH - -

MILFORD

RIVER THAMES BRIGHTUNGSEA

BURSLEDON- -ELING -

Yarmouth - -

Building, When may be Charge of their

Guns. Ships Names. TOTAL.

or 1 1 t

Nature of their Repair. 1 rakeninHand. Completed. a lulls, Masts| ud Yards, ai Rigging id Stores. V.

<)8 Impregnable Building - - - - In Hand - Uncertain - - - - 4,000

74 Revenge Building - - - - In Hand March 1805 •2,100 11,200

36 Meleager - Building - - - - In Hand Sept. 1805 - 17,000 6,000 23,000

3* Thames Building - - - - In Ilund Feb. 1805 - 6,000 5»oooo 11,000

74 Warfpite Ordered to be built - - - 2,000 - - - 2,000

35 Ipbigenia - Ordered to be built - 3,000 - - - 3,000

74 Powerful Large Repair - - - Uncertain - Uncertain - 25,060 . 5,000 30,000

— Resolution - Large Repair - - - Uncertain - Uncertain - 25,000 5,000 30,000

64 Holstein Middling Repair - - Uncertain - Uncertain - 14,000 6,000 20,000

Total - - - £■ 105,100 29,100 , 134,2 00

38 La Forte - Ordered to be built - - - -1 4,600 4,000

or such Shi ps as may be 0 rdered in the course of tin i year to be repaired - - - 6,000 1,800 7,800

Total - - - 10,000 i,8oo 11,800

74 Scipio - - Building - - - - In Hand - Uncertain: 10,000 10,000

32 Alexandria - Building - - - - In Hand ‘ April 1805 9,600 3,000 12,600

98 Boyne - - Ordered to be built - 3,000 ... 3,000

Sloop Brazen - - Ordered to be built - 7,000 2,000 9,000

74 Cumberland Large Repair - - - In Hand Sept. 1805 - 26,000 1,000 27,000

— Zealous - - Middling Repair - - In Hand May 1805 - 17,000 1,000 18,000

— Alexander - Middling Repair - - Jan. 1805 - May 1805 - 18,000 1,000 19,000

— Bellona - - ( Between Middling 7 \ and Large Repair 3 O&. 1805 - April 1806- 5,000 1,000 6,000

— Brunswick - C Between Middling) I and Large Repair 3 June 1805 - Dec. 1805 - 15,100 , . 9 00 16,000

74 Vengeance - Middling Repair . - . - May 1805- O&. 1805 - 16,000 jZ,°p° 4 18,000

— Saturn - C Between Middling ) \ and Large Repair 3 May 1805 - Dec. 1805 - 17,500 500 18,000

36 La Nymphe Middling Repair - - 0<fl. 1805 - Dec. 1805 - 6j6oo 1,400 1 8,000

150JB00 u; — 13,80° j 164,600

120 Caledonia - Ordered to be built - - - * ... 10,000 - 10,000

98 Union * - Ordered to be built - - ‘ - - . 10,000 - - - 10,000

— London - - Small Repair - - - May 1805 - July 1805 - IOJOOOO 2,000 12,000

80 Cifiir - - f Between Small and ) £ Middling Repair 3 In Hand , - April 1805 - 9jP°° 4,000 13,000

— Pom pee M iddling Repair - - Jan. 1805 " - Dec. 1805 - 20,000 4,000 24,000

74 Audacious - Middling Repair - * - August 1805 Dec. 1805 - 12/000 4,000 16,000

— Captain C Between Middling ) 1 and Large Repair. 5 Jan. 1865 - Dec. 1865 - 1 17*000 4,000 21,000

74 Bedford Middling Repair.: Aug. i86s - Mar. 1806 - i8}oooo 4,000 22,000

50 Jupiter - - Middling Repair - . - April 1805 - July 180(5 - 9I400 2,600 12,000

4o Imperieufe - Very Large Repair _ In Hand . - Mok. i 8t>5 - 7,000 3,000 10,000

- - 1 122*400 27,600 150,000

74 Milford Building ' - * - In Hand - - Uncertain -; 5^790 - - - 5.790

44 Lavinia - - Building - - . In Hand . - Uncertain - 4I000 - .3^ 7*P°

- Tor a . .3,°90

MERCHANTS YARDS: —1— 1 *

Brig Calypso Building - - - * In Hand - Jan. 1805 - 900 * - - 900

Gunboat Protector - Building * * - - In Hand - Jan. 1805 - 910 * - - 910

— Sharplhooter Building - - - - In Hand - Jan. 1805 - *910 - - - 910

38 Apollo - - Building * - - - In Hairtf - Aug. 1805 - 14090 3>5 597590

Gunboat Dexterous - Building - - - - In Hand - 4 Jan. 1805 - 473° i — 730

Sloop Ariel * - Building - - - - In Hand - Uncertain - i.300 ) - - 37300

Gunboat Redbreaft - Building' - * * In Hand - Uncertain - ap8o - 2,380

Appendix, (No. 2.) 230 Jamcnrik,

continued♦

Appendix,

(No. 2.)

*3* Januariiy

continued.

«-----»

544 Appendix. A-. Jg()j;

Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, Ac.—continued.

Place where. Guns. Ships Names. Building, or Nature of their Repaih When may be Charge of their total

r Taken in Hand, j Completed. r—; Hulls, M«fl< and Varda. ~K 1 Rigging and Stores.

A Ierchants Yards:—ci ontinued. £ £ C

DARTMOUTH - Creole - - Building - - - - Ih Hand Uncertain - fe.tgo 3,230 !»420

— Dartmouth Building - - - - In Hand - Uncertain - 11,520 3,200 14,720

Brig Ferret - - Building - - - In Hand Uncertain - 2,830 960 3,79o

— Swallow Building - - - - In Hand Feb. 1805 - i,99 1,190 3.184

Sloop Brilk - - Building - - - - In Hand - May 1805 . l,8oo 1,530 3,330

— Martin - - Building - - In Hand Jan. 1805 - 1,090 1,530 2,620

— Star ... Building - - - In Hand - Ffeb. 1805 - 3,010 1,530 4,540

FALMOUTH - - - Brig Avon - - Building - - - - In Hand Mar. 1805 - 5,220 1,190 6,41*

ROCHESTER. - - 3« Resistance - Building - - - In Hand - Sept. 1805 - >1,930 6,000 17,930

HULL Sloop Otter - - * Building - - - - In Hand - Jan. 1805 - 3,280 - 3,280

LYNN — Kangaroo - Building - - - - In Hand Feb. 1805 - O O . * 2,700

Brig Minorca Building ...» In Hand - Feb. 1805 - 3,680 - 3,680

FRINSBURY - - - 74 Aboukir Building - - - - In Hand Dec. 1806 - 23,760 - 23,760

38 La Pomone Building - - - - In Hand Jan. 1805 - 2,640 - 2,640

•V Shannon - Building .... In Hand - Sept. 1805 - 17,500 6,000 23,500

TOPSHAM - - - Brig Surinam Building - - - - In Hand - Feb. 1805 - 3,680 - 3,680

— Wolverene - Building .... In Hand Mar. 1805 - 3.i5« 1,190 4,34°

— Weazle - - Building .... In Hand Mar. 1805 - 4,070 1,190 5,260

BERWICK. - - - — Rover - - Building .... In Hand Uncertain - 2,520 8,520

Gunboat Forward Building .... In Hand Jan. 1805 - 1,460 - 1,460

HASTINGS - . - Sloop Rose - Building - - - - In Hand - Uncertain - 2,790 2,790

Brig Racehorse - Building .... In Hand Mar. 1805 - 3,750 - 3-75*

HARWICH- - - - 38 Undaunted - Building .... In Hand - Uncertain - I5.900 6,000 21,900

LEITH Gunboat Woodlark - Building «... In Hand - Jan..1805 - 2,130 9,130

—. Earned - - Building .... In Hand . Jan. 1805 - 2,130 . - 2,130

BUCKLERS HARD - 74 Victorious - Building - - - In Hand . Uncertain - 5,170 5,170

■ , - 3« Hufiar - - Building .... In Hand - Uncertain - 15,900 3,000 18,900

RIVER THAMES - «4 Lion I - Repairing - - In Hand - Uncertain - 20,710 11,580 32,290

— Intrepid Repairing «... In Hand Uncertain - 20,330 11,580 3i,9io

— Standard Repairing -, - In Hand Uncertain - 22,030 11,580 33,61°

• Stately - - Repairing .... In Hand Uncertain - 15,750 9,320 25,070

— BeUiqueux - Repairing .... In Hand - Uncertain - 10,880 9,060 19,94°

— Dictator Repairing ...» In Hand - Uncertain - 23,030 11,580 34,61°

— Africa - - Repairing .... In Hand - Slay 1805 - 16,750 9,320 26,070

44 Sybille - . Repairing .... In Hand . Uncertain - 13,320 6,770 20,090

*— Renommee Repairing «... In Hand - Jan. 1805 - 2,990 0,700 9,69°

38 Uniti - - Repairing .... In Hand Uncertain - 7,520 6,910 14430

36 Flora - Repairing In Hand Uncertain - 8,720 6,200 i4,9»°

3» Iris - - - Repairing .... In Hand . Feb. 1805 - 4,390 6,140 10,53° '

- Aftrea - - Repairing .... In Hand Uncertain 7,5oo 5,57° 13>°7°

38 Vedal - - Repairing .... In Hand Jan. 1805 - 1,200 5,33° 6,53°

3® Thetis Repairing .... In Hand . May 1805 - 9,100 5,330 14,43°

8* Druid - - Repairing .. .. In Hand Uncertain - 9,550 5,350 154°°

FRINSBURY - «8 Hind - - Repairing - - In Hand - Uncertain - 6,190 6,140 12,33°

HARWICH . 38 Virginie Repairing - . - In Hand Uncertain - 9,100 5,330 1443°

For Twenty Gun feflels to be built in Merc :hants Yards- - 67,840 24,480 92,32°

For Ten Brig Sloops of War, to be built in Merchants Yards 47,800 25,000 72,800

iOTAi for the Ships in Merchants Yards - * * 513,710 231,010 744,72°

Total for Ships in the King’s Yards - 571,100 146,650 | 717,75°

Total for Ships in the.Merchants Yards - 513,710 231,010 1 744,7»°

Lot ax, for Ships at Milford % - 9,790 3,000 n,79®

GRAND.TOTAL - £• 1,094,600 380,660 1,475,26°

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

545

Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Kebuildings, and Repairs of Ships of War, —

WOOLWICH

CHATHAM

PORTSMOUTH -

PLYMOUTH

On WORKS of the YARDS.

To carry on as much of the Wharf Wall, Landing and Look-out, as can be complied with

Total

J-

To fit the Berths and complete the new Storehouse on the Anchor Wharf when the Hemp is removed

Total £.

To carry on the Stone Wharf and Dam at the North Boundary of the Yard -To curry on and build Locks, with Mafthouses over them, in the Inner Malt Pond -To build the Hawler House on the North fide, of the Entrance into the Bason -

To complete the Cellars and Arches in the Kefervoir -

To complete the Buildings over the Reservoir for carrying on various Works by Machinery To complete the Foundry, erect a Steam Engine and Machinery for Copper and Iron Works, and a

Coal Yard ......

To carry on the Pier and Wrharf at Hafiar Hospital r ——

Total

Towards completing the Wall$ and blowing away the Rock at the Weft Front of the Ropehouse, to form the Road in front of the said House. and the turn round White House Hill -Towards blowing and levelling the Rock of White House Hill -

Towards erecting a new Flight of Stairs leading down the Yard fronting the Commissioners Lodgings -Towards digging away the Rpck that the old Ropehouse stood on, and Sail Green, and building Hope

Walls

To complete digging away the Rock the higher old Storehouse stood on, &c. -

Towards building the Euft Crols intermediate new Storehouse -

Towards building the Hope Walls and Stairs, Coal Cellars and Necessaries, at the back of the Officers new Offices ——

Towards digging the Rock at the back of the Officers new Offices and Slopes -

Towards building a new Painters Shop, agreeably to the Plan

To building a Reservoir for the Water brought iniide the Yard Gates -

To building a new Foundry -

Towards building the Wharf Wall at the Bason, new Boat Pond and Landing Place - -

To building a new Shed to cover the Mooring Chains, Shackles, Swivels, Rings, &c. on the new Ground -

To erecting new Machinery for cutting Blocks, &c. •*•-•-

Total

GRAND TOTAL for Works of the Yards -

5>4°°

5>4°°

M7°

2,470

20.000

15.000 600

1,000

2,500

10.000 1,360

50,460

500

600

1.000

1.000

3.000 4,o°o

1.000 900

2.000

1.500

1.000

2.500

600

500

20,100

78,430

Appendix,'-

(No. 2.)

23* Januaj

continued.

ABSTRACT: £•

For the Ships in the King's Yards € Hulls, Mails, and Yards t Rigging and Stores - 57M°° ■) * 146,650 ) 717»750

For Ships in the Merchants Yards - C Hulls, Mails, and Yards £ Rigging and Stores 5i3,7«o } - 231,010 3 7+4JM

For the Ships at Milford * f Hulls, Mails, and Yards t Rigging and Stores * 9,790 1 3,000 3 12,790

Towards Improvements in the Yards 78.430

GRAND total - \ 1.553,690

Yiz.

The Sum of One million Five hundred Fifty-three thousand Six hundred and Ninety Pounds*

A. S. Hamon H. Duncan. J. Henjlow. Wm Rule:

W. Palmer. H. Harm S. Gambler. F. J. Hartwell.

6 Z

546

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 2.)

23® Janua

Transport Offic*, and January 1805.

An ESTIMATE of the Money that will be wanted for the Transport Service, and the Maintenance of Prisoners of War, in Health, at Home and Abroad, from the lit January to the 31ft December 1805.

* ' •v For the Trausport Service - For the Service of Prisoners of War f Home Service -( Foreign Service - £• *■ d- 975.000 345.000 — — 200.000

£• 1,500,000

Rujf George.

Ambrose Serle.

E. Bouve

> * Office for Sick and Wounded Seamen, aid January 1805.

ESTIMATE of what Money will probably be wanted for the Service of Prisoners of War in Sickness,

for each Month in the year 1805.

£. *. d. 2,000

7,000 — —

3,000 — —

7,000

5 >0°°

3,000

4,000

5,000

5,000

4,000

• - 5,000

7,000

£• 57,000

January

February

March

April

May

June

July

August

September

October

November

December

The Sum Total is Fifty-seven thousand Pounds*

In*

J. Weir.

Appendix,

(No. 3.) 24s Januarii.

An ACCOUNT of the Sums of Money that have been granted for the GRAND CANAL of Irei.au d,

since the Commencement of that Work.

1756.

1758-

1760.

Paid Thomas Omer, for his Service and Expence, being part of the Fund for carrying on a Navigation from the City of Dublin to the River Shannon, by Order of the Commissioners of the Navigation Adfc

- - Thomas Williams and John Cooliey, on like Account ——

- - their Order to Thomas Omer, for defraying the Expences of surveying the Line from the Shannon to

Dublin - -

- - more, to complete £.20,000. granted for carrying on an Inland Navigation from Dublin to the Shannon,

which is carried to their Credit, pursuant to their Order, dated 24th March 1757

- - the Corporation for promoting and carrying on the Inland Navigation in Ireland, to be expended on the

Navigation from Dublin to the ltiver Shannon, to be accounted for to Parliament -

- - Ilham Baggs, El'q. being in part of £.10,000. granted to the Commissioners of the Navigation A£1 in

Session 1759, for carrying on the Navigation from Dublin to the Shannon, by their Warrant, 4th February 1760 -

- - the Corporation for carrying on an Inland Navigation in Ireland* in part of £. 10,000.

grunted Session 1759, towards carrying on the Navigation from Dublin to the Shannon f by the Southern Line, by their Warrant, 18th March 1760

• - more, in further Part; Warrant, 24th May 1760 -

Issues,

, under the Head of Parliament Payments.

£. s. d. <286 13 8 103 1 io\

- more, on further Account; Warrant, 15th November 1760

* more, by Warrant to Iffiara Baggs, Etq. 13th January 1761

- more, determined by Warrant - - * - 2d February

- more, to complete - Warrant, i<2th March

1.030 18 234 to

1.030 18

2,005 3

1761.

1764.

Paid ditto, in part of £.10,000. granted Session 176.1, for carrying on the Navigation from Dublin to the Shannon Harbour; Warrant, ill February 176a -

r more, in further Part of £. 10,000. granted Session 1761* to be by them expended in carrying on the Grand Canal leading from Dublin to the Shannon, to be accounted for to Parliament; Warrant, 6th February 1762 -

- more, in further Part of laid £.10,000.; Warrant, 3d May 176a -

- Ditto, more, in further Part of £. 10,000. granted Session 1761, for the Navigation from £. $. d.

Dublin to the Shannon; by their Warrant to Itham Baggs, dated 7th February 1763 - *134. 10 n

- more, to complete laid Grant, by W arrant 17th February ----- 4,376 5 9

- the Corporation for promoting and carrying on Inland Navigation in Ireland, in part of £.6,000. granted Session 1763, to be by them applied in carrying on the Grand Canal from the City of Dublin, through the Log of Allen, tn the River Shannon, to be accounted for to Parliament; Warrant, *20111 December 1763 -

- more, in further Part of lhid Grant of £.6,000. to be applied in carrying on the Worka on the Southern

Line of the Grand Canal from Dublin to the Shannon, to be accounted for to Parliament; Warrant, 5th March 1764. ——

Carried forward

e

Appendix

547

45 Geo. XXI.

Account of Money granted for the Grand Canal of Ireland—continued.

1764.

»765-

1766.

1768.

1771.

1773.

1773.

1776.

»777-

1780.

1788.

1791.

D®

1792.

D°

T>®

*793*

1794-

*795*

179<5. D*

D*

D°

»799-

Works thereon;

- pore, for the like;

- more, ior the like;

- more, for the like; more, for the like;

Brought forward -

Paid the Commissioners of the Navigation A&, for their Warrant to Richard Baggs, for his extra trouble and attendance in the year 1764, on account of Money granted ior carrying on a Navigation from the City of Dublin to the Shannon; dated 8ih December 1764

- - more, to complete £.6,000. granted Session 1763, towards the Southern line of the Grand

Canal from Dublin to the Shannon, by their Warrant to Richard Boggs, 22d February 1?65 ——

- - the Corporation of the City of Dublin, to reimburse them the sum, in part, expended by them, and for the remainder of which they hand engaged lor carrying on the Inland Navigation from Dublin to Bailyfarnham ——

- - more, to reimburse them the sum expended in carrying on the Inland Navigation from

Dublin to Bailyfarnham, granted Session 1767 -

- - the Lord Mayor and Citizens of Dublin, in part of £.2,714. 11 s. 6\d, granted them Session

1771, for Contracts entered into, and Money expended by them, on sundry works, upon the Grand Canal -

- - more, on further Account of £.2,714. 111. 6{d. granted Session 1769 and 1771

- - more, to complete laid Grant of £.2,714. 11 s. 6\d.

- - Sir Lucius O'Brien, Bart. Walter Hufl'ey, and Arthur Pomeroy, Esq. in part of £. 2,000.

granted Session 1771, towards discharging the debts incurred by the Company of Subscribers in carrying on the Grand Canal ——

- - more, in part of £.1,200. being the Balance of £.2,000. granted for discharging Debts on the Grand Canal ——

- - The Company of Subscribers, for carrying on the Grand Canal, to complete £. 2,000. granted

Session 1771 ——

- - more, towards discharging the Debts incurred in the said work,.before the fame was transferred to laid Company, in part of £.1,000. granted Session 1775 -

- - more, to complete the above Grant oi £. 1,000. ——

- Alderman Benjamin Geale, Treasurer to the Grand Canal Undertakers, for carrying on the

- - Warrant, 6th February 1775 -

- - Warrant, Ditto -

- - Warrant, 25th November 1775 -

- - Warrant, Ditto -

- - Warrant, Ditto -

- the Treasurers to the Company of I ndertakers of the Grand Canal, to complete a good and

sufficient Still-Water Navigation, from Monastereven to the Bridge of Athy, by Debentures of one hundred pounds each, agreeable to Grant of Session 1788 -

- more, in part of £. 11,175. 11 j. 3 expended by them in carrying on the Grand Canal

by the Circular Road to the River Liffey, from 28th November 1789 to 20th November 1790, in part of £.200,000. granted for Inland Navigations, Sections 1789 -

• more, in part of £.4,475. os. 8d. expended by them in carrying on the Navigation from the Grand Canal to the River Shannon, near the Town of Banagher, from 18th November 1788 to 30th October 1790, in part of £.200,000. granted for Inland Navigations, Selbons 1789

- more, in part of £.8,716. 14s. 2 \d. expended by the said Company on the Navigation to

the River Shannon, by Banagher * -

- more, in part of £.11,631. 2s, lid. expended by them on the Navigation of the Grand

Canal to the River Liftey, by the Circular Ro^d, which completes £. 10,000. granted for completing said Navigation ——

- more, in part of £.22,000, granted said Company, for completing, floating, and graving Docks lor Shipping, at the termination of the Grand Canal at the River Liftey

- the Treasurer to the Grand Canal Company, from Dublin to the River Shannon, near

Banagher ——

- more, in part of £.6,751. expended by them on said Canal, being part of £.200,000.

granted for Inland Navigations, Session 1789 -

- more, £. 15,000. whereof is to complete the sum of / °2,oooo. granted said Company by ah Ad 31 Geo. III. for making, completing, and finifl) floating and graving Docks, at the termination of the Grand Canal at the River Lift y; and £.10,000. on account of the refulue of £.57,100. granted 29 Geo. III. to said Company, for completing a Navigation from the Grand Canal to the River Shannon, at or near the Town of Banagher -

- more, in Debentures, to hear Interest at £.4. per cent, to commence from 18th November

1795; they having proved they had expended on said Canal, since their last Account passed 7th May 1794, £.16,554. 11 s. 6{d ...... -

- more, in Debentures, to bear Interest at £.4, percent, from 15th November 1795; they

having proved, that from 10th July to 15th November 1795, they had expended on hud Canal, of their own proper Money, the sum of £.; which Debentures,

added to the Bounties they have already received, will amount to £.47,100. out of the sum of £.57*100. granted Session 1789, for completing said Canal to the River Shannon, at or near the Town of Banagher ——

- the Company of Undertakers of the Grand Canal, to cany on the Navigation of said Canal

from Dublin to the River Shannon, in Debentures, bearing an Interest from 23d May 1706, to which they are entitled, they having proved, by a third Account, that they had expended on said Canal to the Shannon, the sum of £. 10,679. 2#. 2 and is the residue of £. 57,100. granted by Parliament to said Company in 1789, for carrying on and completing said Canal to the River Shannon, at Banagher - -

- more, the Commissioners of Account having certitied that they have complied with the terms

specified, by having completed a Junction between the Grand Canal at Athy and the River Barrow, in Debentures, to bear Interest from 21ft October 1795 -

- more, to carry on the Navigation of said Canal from Dublin to the River Shannon, in Trea-

fury Bills, bearing an Interest from 25th March 1798* at the rate of £.6 per cent, per annum, to be paid Half Yearly, and the Principal on the 25th March 1806 -

t

lflues, under the Head of Tillage and Navigation.

Appendix,

(No. 3.)

underU^Head *4° Jamarii,

of Parliament continued.

Payments.

£. d.

500-----

500-----

500-----

500-----

500 — —.

£. #. d.

61,234 10 8J

234 10 Si

'553° *8 6J

7,890-----

2,756 18 10

714 11 6J

500-----

1,500-----

8qo-----

618 11 1}

581 8 10J

250-----

750 — —

2,50 o-----

12.000

5,500

2,200

4>300

4>5°°

7,000

7,3oo

3»3°o

25.000

10.000

10,000-----

10.000 -

2,loo-----•

30.000 — —* 212,561 10 4}

N. B.— Many Sums have been paid under the Head of Tillage and Navigation, to different Persons, under the Orders of the Commissioner* of Inland Navigation; but the purposes for which the fame were paid are not expressed in the Orders.

Auditor General’s Office, * 16th January 1805.

Rodenf Audr Gen1.

548

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 4.)

24" Janii a

v-----1

PAPERS relative to the Discussion with SPAIN, in 1803 and 1804.

No. i.-

No. a.

No. 3.—

No. 4.—:

No. 5.-

No. 6.-

No. 7.-No. 8.-No. 9.-No. 10.-

• LIST of PAPERS presented by His Majesty's Command, (:4th January 1805.

Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Ilawkesbury to J. H. Frere, Esquire; dated Downing-street, ad June iSo\ Extract of a Diipatch from J. II. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Hawkelbury; dated Aranjuez, 3d June 1803.

I nr lulu re in No. a.—Translation ot a Note from J. II. Frere, Esquire, to Don Pedro Cevallos; dated 3d June 180*4 Dispatch from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Hawkelbury; dated Madrid, 10th June 1803.

1. Incioiure in No. 3.—Translation of a Note from Don Pedro Cevallos to J. II. Frere, Esquire; dated Aranjuez, 9th June 1803.

a. Inclosure in No. 3.—Translation of a Note from J. H, Frere, Esquire, to Don Pedro Cevallos; dat*d 10th June 1803.

Dispatch from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Ilawkesbury; dated Madrid, 12th September 1803.

Incioiure in No. 4.—Translation of a Note from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Don Pedro Ceval September 1803.

Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Hawkelbury to J.H. Frere, Esquire; dated Downing-street, 24th November 1803. Extract of a Diipatch trom J. H. Frere, Esquire to Lord Hawkelbury; dated Madrid, 27th December 1803.

1. Inclosure in No. 6.—Translation of a Note from J. H. Frere, Esquire; dated 13th December 1803.

2. Inclosure in No. 6.—Translation of a Note from Don Pedro Cevallos to J. H. Frere, Esquire; dated 16th

December 1803.

3. Iarlofure in No. 6.—Translation of a Note from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Don Pedro Cevallos; dated 26th

December 18113.

Dispatch from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Hawkelbury; dated Madrid, 27th December 1803.

Extract of a Dispatch from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Hawkelbury; dated Madrid, 27th December 1S03.

vallos; dated 9th

2d

2.

3-

No. 11.—

No. 12.-No. 13.-No. 14.-

No. 15.-

No. 16.-

No. 17.-No. 18.-

No. 19

No. 20.-No. 2).-

No. 22.-No. 23.-

No. 24.-

No. 25.-No. 20.-No. 27.-

No. 28.-

No. 29.-No. 30.-

No. 31.-No. 32.-No. 33

January 1S04.

Inclosure in No. 10.—Note from Don Pedro Cevallos to J. H. Frere, Esquire; dated 13th January 1804. Inclosure in No. 10.—Translation of a Note from J. II. Frere, Esquire, to Don Pedro Cevallos; dated 24th January 1804.

4% Inclosure in No'. 10.—Note from Don Pedro Cevallos to J. II. Frere, Esquire; dated 27th January 1804.

5. Inclosure in No. 10.—Translation of a Note from J. H. Frere, Esquire; dated Madrid, 18th February 1804. Extract of a Dispatch from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Hawkelbury; dated Madi.d, 18th April 1804, Inclosure in No.11.—Note from Don Pedro Cevallos to J. H. Frere, Esquire; dated 22d March 1804. Diipatch trom Lord Harrowby to J. H. Frere, Esquire; dated 2 2d May 1804.

Diipatch from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Harrowby; dated Madrid, 5th July 1804.

Dispatch from B. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Harrowby; dated Madrid, 29th August’ 1804.

1. Inclosure in No. 14.—Translation of a Note from B. Frere, Esquire, to Don Pedro Cevallos; dated 20th Au gull 1804.

Inclosure in No. 14.—Translation of a Note from B. Frere, Esquire, to Don Pedro Cevallos; dated 27th August 1804.

Dispatch from Lord Harrowby to B. Frere, Esquire; dated Downing-street, 29th September 1804.

Extract of a Dispatch from Mr. Consul General Hunter to Lord Harrowby; dated Madrid, 5th October 1804. l. Inclosure in No. 16.—Translation of a Note from B. Frere, Esquire, to Don Pedro Cevallos; dated 27th September 1804.

t. Inclosure in No. 16.—Note from Don Pedro Cevallos to B. Frere, Esquire; dated 3d October 1804. -Dispatch from Lord Harrowby to B. Frere, Esquire; dated Downing-street, 21ft October 1804.

-Dispatch from B. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Harrowby; dated 27th October 1804.

Inclosure in No. 18.—Translation of a Note from B. Frere, Esquire, to Don Pedro Cevallos; dated 26th October 1804.

-Difyatch from B. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Harrowby; dated 8th November 1804.

1. Inclosure in No. 19.—Translation of a Note from Don Pedro Cevallos to B. Frere, Esquire t dated 29th,

* October 1804.

2. Inclosure in No, 19.—Translation of a Note from Don Pedro Cevallos to Don Joseph de Anduaga; dated

~ 26th October 1804.

3. Inclosure in No. 19.—Translation of a Note from B. Frere, Esquire, to Don Pedro Cevallos; dated 30th

October 1804.

4. Inclosure in No. 19.—Translation of a Note from B. Frere, Esquire, to Don Pedro Cevallos; dated 2d

November 1804.

5. Inclosure in No. 19.—Translation of a Note from Don Pedro Cevallos to B. Frere, Esquire; dated 3d

•November 1804.

6. Inclosure in No. 19.—Translation of a Note from B. Frere, Esquire, to Don Pedro Cevallos; dated 3d

November 1804.

7. Inclosure in No. 19.-—Translation of a Note from B. Frere, Esquire, to Don Pedro Cevallos; dated 5th

November, 1804.

8. Inclosure in No. 19.—Translation of a Note from Don Pedro Cevallos to B; Frere, Esquire; dated-7!"

November 1804.

-Extract of an Order from the Admiralty to Vice Admiral Lord Nelson; dated the 18th May 1803.

-Extract of a Letter from Sir Evan Nepean, Bart, to Vice Admiral Lord Nelson, K. B.; dated the 13th January 1804.

-Order from the Admiralty to the Honourable Admiral Cornwallis; dated the 18th September 1804.

-Letter from W. Madden, Esquire, to the Senior Officer of His Majesty's Ships cruizing oil Cadiz; dated the *9*" September 1804.

-Letter from VV. Marfden, Esquire, to the Commander in Chief in the Mediterranean, the Leeward Islands, and Jamaica; dated the 19th September 1804.

-Order to the Honourable Admiral Cornwallis oft' Brest; dated the 25th September 1804.

-Order to the Senior Officer off Cadiz; dated 25th September 1804.

-Order to the Commander in Chief in the Mediterranean, the Leeward Islands, and Jamaica; dated the 25th September 1804.

-Letter from W. Marfden, Esquire, to the different Commanders in Chief of His Majesty's Ships; dated 25U1 November 1804.

-Extract of a Litter from Hear Admiral Cochrane to W. Marfden, Esquire; dated off Ferrol, the 19th August 1804. -Extract of a Letter from the Honourable Rear Admiral Cochrane to the Honourable Admiral Cornwallis; d.ited off Ferrol, 3d September 1804. , v

Inclosure referred to in No. 30.—Lift of the Squadron of Spanish Men of War fitting at Ferrol.

-Extract of a Letter from the Honourable Rear Admiral Cochrane to W. Marfden, Esquire; dated off Ferrol, the l ith September 1804.

-Extract of a Letter from Rear Admiral Cochrane to the Honourable Admiral Cornwallis; dated off Ferrol, the 21ft October 1804.

-Extract of a Letter from Rear Admiral Cochrane to the Honourable Admiral Cornwallis; dated the 24th October 1804.

No. 1.—Extract

45 (teo< III*

Appendix*

549

No. l*

Extra# of a Dispatch from Lord Hawkelbury to J* H. Frere, Esquire; dated Downing-street* Q(1 June 1803*

I mtall now proceed to signify to yo\l His Majesty's pleasure with respc# to the condu# which it will be proper for you to observe ut th^ Court at which you relide*

It is the Kings lincerc and earned desire that the Spauifli Government may he enabled to maintain the strictest Neutrality in the War which has commenced between Great Britain and France. You will therefore endeavour, by all the means in your power, to impress upon the Spanish M millers the expediency of their adopting this system; end you will allure them, that if it be adopted His Majesty will respect it with the most scrupulous good faith.

}li$ Mnj city’s Government having no means of deciding how far his Catholic. Majesty may consider himself as boilnd by the Treaty of defeniTve arid often}! ve Alliance, which was concluded at St. lldefonfo on the tpth of August 1796, it is indispensably necessary that you should lose no time in ascertainitig this important point. If the Spanish Government should state to you* that they conceive themselves to be under the obligation to furnish to France the number of troops and ships which are itipulated in the 1 Yea tv above mentioned, but that their co-operation will extend no further, you will refrain from giving any opinion upon this measure, but will content yourself with signifying that you will transmit the information of it to your Court. Ydu will however watch, with the most unremitting vigilance, the progress of any preparations which may be made for carrying it into Execution; and you will, front time to time, transmit luclr intelligence as you may be able to acquire upon the fuhjed, to the commanders of His Majr try's flitj»s in the Mediterranean, at Gibraltar, find at Lisbon, in order that those officers may be enabled to pursue such measures as inav he bell calculated to intercept the Spanish auxiliary ships, on their attempting to fail from the ports either of the Mediterranean or of the Atlantic; a proceeding which would he in strict conformity to the moll rigid principles of Neutrality, and could not he conKrued into au act of due# aggression against Spain herself.

If, however, you should learn from the Spanish Miniftf-rs, that the French Government will not be satisfied with the definite fnccours (tipulated, but will require his Catholic Majesty to place a greater proportion of his naval and military force at the disposition of France, you will state to them, unrefer\ ecilv, that His Majesty wilk consider a compliance with tins requisition as equivalent to a declaration of War, and as justifying His Majesty in proceeding to immediate hostilities a^aind Spain.

The next object to which Ills Majesty has commanded me to dire# your particular attention, is the situation of Portugal. It is extremely important that you should take the earlicit opportunity to desire the Spanish Government to explain to you, without reserve, their sentiments and intentions in this respect. In any converl’ations which you may have with the Spanish Mini fieYs upon this subject, you will observe to them, that Ills Majesty having confeuted to rd'ped the Neutrality of Portugal himself, 11c cannot luder it to be moletted by any other Power whatsoever; He relies upon the justice and magnanimity of his Catholic Majesty that he will, neither of himself, nor in concurrence with France, carry into execution any measures which may endanger the security and independence of that country. You will, however, not conceal from the Spanish Ministry, that if the King of Spain should allow the entrance of any French troops into his territories, or should not refill it by force, the King would consider h as imposing upon Him the necessity of regarding the conduit of Spain as a justifmble ground of war on Hi* part, in regard to Portugal, I have still further to signify to you His Majesty’s pleasure, that you cultivate the most cordial miderstanding with the Minil'ter of that Power at M;uirid, and that you concur with him in promoting the security of her Faithful Majesty’s dominions.

Having now stated to you such proceedings on tht part of Spain, a* would render it expedient for His Majesty to commence Jiofhluies against that Pou*er, I have to signify to you His Majesty’s pleasure, that if any of these events should occur, you should make the strongest representations against them; and, in the cafv of your, not receiving a satisfactory answer, yon will immediately quit Madrid and proceed to Lisbon, whence you will return to England. Previously to your departure, you will apprize the Officers commanding His Majesty’s ships'in the Mediterranean, ut LLfhon, and at Gibraltar, of your intention, in order that they may proceed to hostilities ugaiuft Spain Without delay.

No. a. '■

Extra# of a Dispatch from J. H. Frcre, F.squire, to Lord ilavvkelbury; dated Araujuez, 3d June 1803.

Upon a former occasion 1 hud pressed the Prince of Peace to an explicit declaration of the* intentions of his Court, upon the ground that, under the conditions of the Eighth A1 tide oi the Treaty of St.

lldefonfo, the hostility of Spain was so inseparably connected with that of France, that Great Britain once engaged in a war with France, would be justified in commencing immediate hostilities against Spain. To this he replied, that it might appear so; but that the execution of Treaties must not be considered as absolutely indif-penfable, but dependant upon the circumft.intes of the times; and with some other expressions of the fame kind seemed to wish me to understand that he did not consider the present situation of tilings as admitting the execution of the Treaty. Upon this occasion he took a new and very perplexed ground; first, he said lie wished to know the grounds of the present disputt*, whether it was to be considered as the continuation of the former war, as in that case Spain would not take any part; but that if it was a new war upon new grounds, Ihe might in that case be forced to consider the Treaty as obligatory; that it was necessary therefore upon this head to know' the Opinion of the other Powers concerned in the Treaty of Amiens. He continued to (ay, that the King of Spain had not entered into the last war as the ally of France in virtue of that Treaty. I quoted the last Article, which is directed particularly against England, and which he seemed not to recollect; and seeing no end to the discussion at the time, I determined in my next conference to return to it. In my next interview however he anticipated me; and, on my first coming into the room, he said, " Well, it fee ms we are to have war." I laid that I hoped that by We* he did not mean Spaih and England. He an-fwe red, No; that Spain was determined to preserve her Neutrality. I replied, that if they were determined upon a Neutrality, it only remained for us to know whether we agreed in our idea of Neutrality, and whether they would consider the granting permission for the puflage of French troops as included in their definition of it. I added, that the means of guaranteeing and securing that Neutrality must be concerted with Great Britain. Here lie again declined entering into the discussion, and referred me to official communications with Mr. Cevallos. I accordingly prepared the inclosed Note, which I confined purposely to the fimpie question of the interpretation of the Treaty of St. lldefonfo.

(Inclosure in No. a.)

Translation of a Note from J* II. Frere, Esquire, to Don Pedro Cevallos.

Sir, Aranjuez, 3d June 1803.

The present situation of affairs, being of a nature to render an explanation between our two Governments necessary, I find m vie if called upon to addrels my fell* directly to your Excellency, not doubting, that, in consequenct* of the friendly sentiments which your Excellency has already done me the honour to declare to ine on the part of his Catholic Majesty, 1 shall find in your Excellency’s explanations the fame fraokness which I think it my duty to employ in those which I have the honour to submit to you.

The Court of Spain being connected with France by a recent Treaty, which renders it liable to be called upon for its co-operation by the fimpie mpiilitkm of that Power; your Excellency will doubt* lcls perceive, that the literal ion of and formal adhelion to this stipulation would so identify Spain with France (at least with regard to its hostile relations) as to render a Hate of warfare with the latter fuilicient to conliitute Spain in a state of hostility with th* Power at war witl\ France; would even authorize that Power to cod* fider in the first instance as an enemy, a Power, whole hostile efforts* depending solely on the will of a declared enemy, would only wait a convenient moment for action.

Your Excellency will do me the justice to believe, that I am far from reflecting on this idea with satisfaction, and that if I dwell upon it, it is solely in order to repeat to your Excellency in a more formal manner, the alliirances which 1 have already had the honour to make verbally; namely, that His Majesty’s Government has no intention whatever of giving Inch a construction in the first instance to the Article of the Treaty of St. lldefonfo, or to purlue a flop founded upon the reasoning (in other respects juit and conclusive) which I have just pointed out. I would then endeavour to make your Excellency sensible, that, notwithstanding the just value i attach to the indirect declarations winch your Excellency has already made me, as to the amicable and pacific intentions of his Catholic Majesty, nevertheless, in consideration of the exilrence of a recent and formal Treaty, the stipulations of which are incompatible with the execution of the intentions which I have just quoted, it would be important and even necessary, that the British Government should receive from that of Spain a Declaration, the formality and authenticity of which should be capable of removing the diitrufr, which her ancient connexion and existing Treaties with the enemy of Great Britain might naturally inspire.

It only remains for me to express to your Excellency, the anxious solicitude with which I await your answer, and to repeat the uf-iuranees, &c. Ac.

(Signed) J. II. I’reru.

To his Excellency Don Pedro Cevallos,

Ac. Ac. Ac.

7 A

Appendix, (No. 4.) .24° Januarii,

continued.

550

Appendix. A. 1805.

Appendix,

(Ho. 4.} 24* Jamiariiy

continued.

No. 3.

iJifpateh from J. II. Frcrc, Esquire, to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Madrid, loth June 18034

My fx>rd.

Having detained the Messenger for some days in expectation of the answer of Mr. Cevallos, I am at length enabled to forward it, though*! apprehend-it will appear as little satisfactory to your Lord* ship as it did to in vie If.

My iirlt impression was to return an answer, pointing out the manner in which my question had been eluded, and repeating the statement of it in a clear and formal manner. Conceiving, however, that in the present (late of things, a categorical answer, if extorted from Spain, would be less favourable than the evalive reply which I had received, and which, even luppofing their intentions to be friendiy, might be the utmost which they would venture to hazard, without a more explicit opening on the part of His Majesty's Government; and apprehending it to he my duty, at any rate, to exhand all the podible means of conciliation, I returned the enclosed answer, in which, as your Lordship will fee, I take upon myself to pnt a favourable interpretation upon Mr. Cevallos' demand; and, a9 soon as I receive a copy of the official correspondence, I shall direct to kiin an explanation of the nature which he requires.

1 have the honour to be, &c.

J. if, Frere.

The Right Honourable Lord Ilawkesbury,

Sic. &c. &c.

(First Inclosure in No. 3.)

Translation of a Note from Don Pedro Cevallos to J. H. Frere, Llquire; dated Aranjuez, 9th June 1803.

Sir,.

I have received the Note which you were pleased to address to me, dated the 3d inst. in which you insinuate the necessity, which the piefent date of public affairs imposes upon your Court, to require a solemn and authentic declaration of the intentions of this Government, with respect to the dispute between France and England.

In answer to this Note, it is my duty to say, that hitherto the King, my mailer, is not informed of the differences between the French and British Governments, otherwise than by the public papers, in which it is asserted, that the demands of Great Britain are not conformable to the stipulations of the Treaty of Amiens, and that France has not thought herself able to Jsubscribe to them, without the concurrence of Spain and Holland, as contracting parties, and of Austria, Russia, and Prussia, as guarantees of that Treaty: That in such circumstances nothing would have been more conformable to the reciprocal relations refolting from a Treaty; to the principles which conffitute its force; and to the legal means of dissolving it; than that Great Britain should have explained her wishes to the King, my mailer, in so far at leafs, as being a principal in the Treaty of Amiens, he is concerned in the observance of the Articles which compufc it. And lastly, that His Majesty being, as I have observed, in want of all official and authentic information upon the Rate of the negotiations, which is necessary for returning a proper answer upon the weighty question treated of in your Note, he can take no resolution without this indispensable information, which you may be able to furnish me, by asking of your Government, for that purpose, a relation of the progress and termination of the negotiation.

I profit of this opportunity, &c.

Pedro Cex allot.

J. H. Frtre, &c. See.

(Second Inclosure in*No. 3.)

Trarfa ion of a Note from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Don Pedro Cevallos.

Sir, * Madrid, 10th June 1803.

I lose no time in answering your Excellency's Note of ydlerday's date.

In order not to importune your Excellency by an idle and useless difeuftion, it had appeared to me necessary to propose to you a previous question, resulting from the existetice of the public Treaties between his Catholic Majesty and the French Republic; namely, to know whether his Catholic Majesty's Government still considered itself as bound by the letter of the Treaty of St. Udefonfo, and particularly by that of the eighth article, the effect of which absolutely identifies the two Governments in the event of hostilities.

• Notwithstanding the confidence with which His Britannic Majesty would have submitted to his Catholic Majesty’s equity, and to the difeernment of his Government, fojuft a cause as that which involves him in the present koftilities, it would have appeared to me super-iluous to lay before the Court of Spain an explanation of His Majesty's motives, if indeed it was true that this Court did not retain the right

to demand a similar explanation from its ally, nor to act according to the decision which its own principles of jultiee might suggest; if, even in doing justice to the conduct of the Britilli Government, it should nevertheleie feel itself obliged to take «p arms in support of a cause which it had acknowledged to be unjust.

As it is impossible that tlieie considerations can have escaped the penetration of your Excellency, it is with real satisfaction that I perceived, by your Note, that the Court of Spain txpedts some farther explanations on the nature of the difeuffions which have fubafted between England and France, before it could decide on the part which it should take in the war which has terminated them. I accept it as a proof that Spain feels stre still has a free choice; and, as such, I shall not delay transniitting it to my Government; not doubting but that as soon as it shall be informed of tliefc dispositions of hi* Catholic Majesty, 1 shall he authorized to give him the moil faiisfac-tory explanations on the considerations which have determined His Majesty again to take up anus against France, and which cannot make any alteration in the fmcere desire with which he is animated to maintain and increase more and more the bonds of friendship and good understanding already established between the two countries. And if such instructions have not yet been trunsmitted to me, your Excellency will feel, from what I have just mentioned, that this delay cannot be imputed, either to an unwillingness on His Britannic Majesty's part to concert with the Cour.t of Spain those measures, which he has never ceased to pursue, for the preservation of peace, or still less to a fear of not being able to jullify in the eye of his Catholic Majesty the decision which he found himself at last obliged to take. Your Excellency will find the motive of it in the nature of the political relations of your Court, and the inpoflibility there existed of submitting to it Discussions, in which its connexions with France did not permit it to have a voice, unless Spain should free herself from those laws (he had imposed on herself, and should claim that right of free judgment, which a Nation only loses with its independence.

I avail myself, Sec.

J. II. frere.

His Excellency Don Pedro Cevallos,

&c. «Sec. &c.

No. 4.

Dispatch from J. tf. Frere, Esquire, t# Lord Hawkesbury; dated Madrid, 12th September, 1803*

My Lord,

The enclosed Note was sent in consequence of my being informed that General Bournonviile had obtained permission for about i,5°° men, between sailors and artillerymen, to pass to Ferrol, to man the ships there. I can hardly flatter myself that my remonstrance will be attended to; but I thought it useful and necessary to enter a Protest against a proceeding contrary to the principles of the Neutrality hitherto professed by this Government, and which came so nearly within the scope of the instructions which I received from your Lordship.

I have the honour to be,

(Signed) /. H. Frere.

The Right Honourable Lord Hawkelbury,

See. Sec. Sec.

(Inclosure in No. 4.)

Translation of a Note from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Don Pedro Cevallos.

Sir, 9th Septembfi 1803.

I have just received accounts, of the accuracy of which I cannot doubt, informing me of the preparations made by the Spanish Government to facilitate the passage of a considerable body of marines and artillerymen destined to reinforce the French fleet now at 'Ferrol.

The instructions with which my Court has furnished me for my conduct in the event of French troops entering the Spanish territory arefo clear and positive, and the present case is so analogous thereto, that I have little doubt of the light in which this proceeding will be looked upon by my Government; and at the same time that I bade* to communicate it to you, I must protest, in the most formal mariner, against such a flagrant breach of the Neutrality of Spain.

It would probably be superfluous, in this place, to attempt to do justice to the scrupulous respect which the officers of His Britannic Majesty have shewn for the Spanish territory, since your Excellency is already well convinced, that such is the intention of the Government under which they serve. I cannot, however, refrain from quoting a recent instance, in which, during the heat of the pursuit, and even on the very point of capturing the prize, the English fleet respected the Neutrality of the Spanish coast, and permitted an enemy's frigate to take refuse in the very port whence, by means of the 10 succours

45 Geo. III. Appendix.

551

fuccuius which arrive there from France, (he will put to sea, for the purpose of combating that fame fleet.

it has been the conllant object of all my efforts, to cause this Government to feel the real interest it has in preserving the friendship and good understanding which subsists between the two Crowns. His Majesty has already proved to the whole world, by a moderation unexampled, the high price which lie attaches to this system, and which ]]e w ill continue to attach to it, as long as lie shall fee any hope of a reciprocal disposition on the part of Spain; but I dare not believe that lie will fee with indifference a conduct so little conformable to His own, or that He can acknowledge the Neutrality of that Power, whole ports shall have become, not the asylum, but the dock yards and the arknals of His enemy.

I a;ail in) fell* of this opportunity to, &c.

* J. H. Frere.

.To his Excellency Don Pedro Cevallos, r. vVc.

No. 5.

Extract of a Di (patch from Lord Hawkesbury, to J. H. Frcn‘, Esquire; dated Downing-street, 24th November i*'3-

Your TVifpatches, to No. 40. inclusive, have been received, and laid before the King.

I have great f.itisffuTion in communicating to you His Majesty *s entire approbation of the line of conduct which you have adopted, ami the language which you have held in your different conventions with the Spanish Madders.

In the uncertainty which appears yet to prevail, whether any Treaty or Convention has actually been concluded between France and Spain, and what are the precise conditions of such Treaty or Convention, it is extremely difficult for me to give you any instrutfions which muff not be dependent upon circumstances, of the particulars of which His Majesty is not yet correctly informed.

The preservation of peace with Spain has, from the period of the commencement of the present War, been the constant object of His Majesty's policy; but the Spanish Government muff themselves feel, that this object can only be attained by their earned endeavours to do every thing which depends upon them for the maintenance of a fair fyffem of Neutrality, and by their causing that Neutrality to be xefpected by the other belligerent Powers. When the question, therefore, occurs—How far His Majesty would consent that the Spanish Government should purchase their Neutrality by an advance of pecuniary succours to the French Government, and would (till regard them in the character of Neutrals, this must be considered as, in some degree, depending on the amount of the succours so to be advanced, and iikcwife on the determination of the Spanish Government to ensure their Neutrality in all other respects; for, at the time when His Majesty might be disposed to disregard any small or temporary advance of money, if essential for the attainment of such an object, it would be impossible for Him to consider a permanent advance, to the extent of that dated by you, in any other light than as a subsidy to the French Government, and as possibly the most effectual assistance which the Spanish Government could afford them for the prosecution of the War.

I11 the event of your being convinced that any arrangement of the nature alluded to by you has been concluded between the Spanish and French Governments, or of your having reason to believe that such an arrangement, if not absolutely concluded, is likely to take place, you will conform yourself to the following instructions:

First, You will protest against the measure, as a violation of Neutrality on the part of Spain, and as consequently a justifiable cause of War on the part of His Majesty.

Secondly, You will explain distinctly that His Majesty can only be induced tp abstain from immediate hostilities, in consequence of stich a measure, uron the consideration that it is a temporary expedient, from which the Spanish Government are determined to extricate themselves as soon as possible, and that His Majesty must be at liberty to consider a perfcVevauce in the system of furnishing pecuniary succours to France, as, at any future period, when circumstances may render it necessary, a just cause of War.

Thirdly, His Majesty expects that the Spanish Government will persevere in their intention of refusing the admission of any French troops into the Spanifti territories.

Fourthly, Any measures taken by the Spanish Government towards naval preparation, must be considered, under the present circumstances, as objects of the greatest jealously, and any attempt to furnish naval succours to France as an immediate cause of War.

Fifthly, His Majesty has a right to expect, not only that the ports of Spain should be open to the commerce of IIis subjects, but that His ships of war, and the ships of IIis subjects, shall receive the Fame treatment's those of His enemies.

These are the instructiom which yomwill adopt for the regal ition of your conduit. In the event of a French army entering the Spanish territories, or of authentic information being received of any naval succours being in preparation for the ptirpose of affording assistance to His Majesty’s enemies, you will consider your million as at an end; and after the proper official communications, you will leave Madrid.

In the event of your being under the necessity of leaving Madrid, you will give previous footice to the commanders of His Majestys forces in the Mediterranean, at Gibraltar, at Lisbon* and off Ferro), that they may proceed without delay to measures of hostility.

John Hookham Frerc, Esq.

No. 6. 4

Extract of a Dispatch from J. Ft. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Ilawkeibury; dated Madrid, 27th December 1803.

The inftnnftions which I had the honour of receiving from your Lordship by the Messenger Ballet, were received hv me with the highest gratitude for the gracious expreftions of His Majesty's approbation of my conduct; and with no Ids satisfaction on account of the precise and detailed rules laid down for my guidance, and their fortunate adaptation to the date of things in this country at the present j unit ure.

Mr. Cevallos had for* some time answered all my representations with an air of so much satisfaction and superior information, that I was almost fearful that, in the warmth with which I had urged the several topics, which are pointed out in your Lordship’s Dispatch, I might have gone beyond the feeling of His Majesty’s Government.

When I received your Lordship’s Dilp itch, I made it the subject of a Note to M. Cevallos as plain and (holt as the subject would admit, and almost entirely copied from your Lordship s infuuftf ns.

On the following day I called upon M. Cevallos, and, in speaking on the subject of the Note, observed to him that I trulred he would now dojustice to the intentions which had diluted the language I had formerly held to him, when he saw its precise conformity with the instructions which I had received from my Court. M. Cevallos went into a long differtution upon Neutrality, and a recapitulation of the sacrifices, as he called them, which the King of Spain had made to preserve a Neutrality. I answered with the obvious arguments which I do not now repeat, as they arc nearly the same as those contained in a Note which I have since delivered, and which your Lordship will find enclosed. M. Cevallos answered, that his Catholic Majesty had done every thing in his power to preserve a Neutrality, and that if his endeavours failed it would not be his fault, but that of His Majesty s Government, who would be responsible in the eyes of Europe. To this I replied, that Europe would certainly judge which of the two Governments was in the right, and that I conceived that Great Britain had little to apprehend from such a judgment; that what be called a Neutrality, was in fact a Sublkly, which the French would, whenever they pltaled, convert into active co-operation, by making a pall age through this country to Portugal; an event which the late Convention did not provide against, and which they knew, and had been repeatedly warned, that England would consider as a breach of Neutrality on the part of Spain.

After doling this part of the subject, M. Cevallos questioned me in return, and dciired me to tell him positively, whether the affording the pecuniary succours to France would be considered as a ground of War, and whether I was authorized to declare it? To this I answered distinctly that I was; and that a War would be the infallible consequence. In that case, said he, his Majesty is bound by solemn Treaties, which he cannot depart from; but if the pecuniary succours are themselves thought a motive fur War by Great Britain, the ground of our engagement is altered. I answered, that it was not the wish of England to cru/h Spain, and still lots to criffh her in favour of France; that it could answer no ptirpose that Spain should exhuuft herself by first furnishing a Subsidy and afterwards a Contingent; and that if he wished therefore to have a clearer and more distinct declaration than that contained in my Note of the day before I would give it him. He said, he thought that was uimecessary, that the Note was strong enough.

(First Inclosure in No. 6.)

Trnnflation of a Note from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Don Pedro Cevallos.

Sir, Escurial, 13th December 1803.

I obey the orders which I have just leceived from my Court, by transmitting to your Excellency, in an authentic ftiape, the declarations which I have frequently had the honour of making verbally, and in a manner less positive and precise.

Since the commencement of hostilities, His Majesty has never ceased to consider the preservation of good understanding with the

Court

Appendix,

(No. 4.)

2 40 J amt aril,

continued.

552

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix, (No. 4,) 24* Januariiy

continued.

Court of Sppiu as a principal ebjert of his political views. This Court, indeed, has never refuted to acknowledge the justice of His Majesty’s intentions and good will towards it. But it is equally uiuniieft, and the Court of Spain it felt’ cannot hut admit it, that the client of this good will, and of these intentions, mull depend upon that of the efforts which Spain is bound to make on her tide; in the hi il place, to maintain a fyItem of ahfolule Neutrality, and, secondly, to criufe it to be respected by the other belligerent Powers.

\\ lili regard to the former, His Majesty is perfectly sensible of the difficulties of the Situation in which Spain is placed, as well by reason of her ;undent ties with France, as on account of the character and habitual comfort of that Power and of her Chief. This confutation would induce Him to art with forbearance to a certain degree, and particularly to overlook such pecuniary facritiees as should not be of fuflu.ient magnitude to force attention on account of their political efforts. But it is expressly enjoined me to declare to your Excellency, that pecuniary advances, such as are liipulated in the Convention recently concluded with France, can not be considered by the liiiltlh Government but as a War Suhfidy; a succour the moll efficacious, the heft adapted to the wants and to the situation of the enemy, the most prcjudical to the interests of his Britannic Majesty’s subjects, and the rnoll dangerous for His dominions; in line, more than an equivalent to every other species of aggression.

Notwithstanding His personal sentiments, imperious Necessity, and that first duty which compels a Prince to consider, above and before all things, the nation whose interests are committed to his care, have piescribed to His Majesty that condurt from which he cannot depart.

With regard to the second article, that of causing this Neutrality to be respected by the other belligerent Powers, it appears super-fluous to repeat to your Excellency the declarations which I have already made on the subject of Portugal; nevertheless, ftnee this object is again pointed out in ray lad instructions, I cannot refrain rom repeating to your Excellency the declaration that the passage of French troops through the territories of Spain would be considered as a violation of her Neutrality, and that His Majesty would hud him fell' compelled to have recourse to the moll decisive measures in consequence of such an event. Such, Sir, is an abridgement of the instructions which I have just received from my Court, and which I communicate nearly in the fame terms. There are others, of inferior importance, upon which I shall have the honour to converse with you in the conference of tomorrow,

Whilst 1 attach the utmost importance to these interesting subjects, it affords me much satisfaction to think that your Excellency will at length be persuaded that I have been far from exceeding the views and sentiments of my Government in the Declarations which I have formerly made, and that the advice which I have thought it right, in consequence, to fugged, has been founded upon ideas sufficiently correct, and inspired by the sincerest desire of perpetuating the continuance of harmony and good understanding between the two Countries.

(Signed) J. H. Frere.

His Excellency Don Pedro Cevalios,

&c. &c. 6cc.

(Second Inclosure in No. 6.)

Transtation of a Note from Don Pedro Cev, alios to J. II.

Frerc, Esquire; dated Escurial, 16th December 1803,

Sir,

As soon as the war began between France and England, Spain was required by the former Power to furnish the defensive succours stipulated by the Treaty of 1796, the execution of which, in as much as it is a confluence of engagements previously contrarted by Spain, and a frefti proof of the King’s good faith, presents in no degree an obstacle to the continuance of friendship and good understanding with Great Britain, with whom His Majesty has endeavoured to maintain them by every means of conciliation, Great Britain corresponding to the fame object, by punishing the privateers who transgress the law of Neutrality, according to repeated official accounts, and chiefly those of the 2Qth November, a later date than the expedition of the Courier who has given rife to the Note which you have just sent me.

Although the Spanish Cabinet is penetrated with the maxim, that the idea of aiding France is compatible with that of Neutrality towards England, His Majesty has thought that he could better maintain thele two objects by a method, which, without being dif-agreeable to France, strips her Neutrality towards Great Britain of that hostile exterior, which military succours necessarily present, which sometimes, in spite of friendly protestations, leads the minds of Neutral Sovereigns to millrull, to the hazard of the wiftied-for peace.

g=ag=s=gr- sss=s -■-u tt-1 ■-----£ .* 1 urn

Such have been the King’s political views in agreeing to a Treaty of Subsidy to France, equivalent to the military luccour.

Neither before nor since this Treaty has the Spanish Government omitted any of those means which lead to the preservation of good understanding with Great Britain, as is proved to you by the imprisonment inflicted upon the Spaniard who had dured to inl'ult the British flag.

'Flic British Cabinet, in its conferences with the Spanish Minister, has not considered that Spain violated her Neutrality by the art of aflilling France with the military succour liipulated for heT defence.

The pecuniary aid substmited in its place, belidos that it carries no hostile appearance, neither compromiling the good underltunding of those who are neuter, nor gives to France such rfeady and expeditious means of hostility against Great Britain.

The King has employed his offices with the French Government to avoid the entry of her troops into Spain, and to calm the apprehensions of the Court of Portugal, obtaining from the First Consul that this point should become an object of negotiation between the two Governments, and His Majesty offering to co-operate with his good offices for the concluliun of a Treaty which is to Iheltcr th# kingdom of Portugal from any attack; the fovourable effids of which that monarchy has already begun to feel, and it is in her power to derive from it all the advantages which Ihe delirts. 1

In this situation of things I receive your Note, which represents that Spain, in having substituted pecuniary supplies for her delenlive engagements, has displeased the English Cabinet in a degree the most unexpected, under pretext that they exceed her engagements; whereas to represent them under this point of view, it would be necessary to know their amount, which is not known; or, knowing it, to compare it with the expence of furnishing the defensive succours due to France.

This comparative statement of what has been hitherto executed by Spain, and the contents of your Note, and what is more, the contradiction which there is between the equitable and conciliatory condurt of Great Britain in sentencing to pimishment the privateers, who have violated the Spanish flag, according to the accounts of the 29th November, and the alarming expressioiis in which your Note of the 13th instant is conceived, obliges the Spanish Cabinet to require of you more clear and decisive explanations of the ideas of your Cabinet, which I hope you will be pleated to commpnicate to me with the dispatch which their importance demands.

(Signed) Fcdro Cevalios.

J. H. Frere, Esquire,

&c. &c. 6cc.

(Third Inclosure in No. 6.)

Translation of a Note from J. II. Frere, Esquire, to Don Pedro Cevalios.

Sir, Madrid, 26th December 1803.

I comply with your Excellency’s request, in communicating to you the explicit and decisive explanations of the ideas of my Cabinet, mentioned in my Note of the 13th instant. They are nearly the fame with those which I had the honour verbally to address to you in our conference on this fubyecl. Your Excellency then remarked, and the fame observation again occurs in your Note of the 16U1 instant, that the furnishing the succours liipulated by the Treaty ot 1796, being but a consequence of engagements previously contrarted, is in fart only a frefti proof of the good faith of his Catholic Majesty, and can in no wife be prejudicial to the continuance of good harmony with His Britannic Majesty.

I confess to your Excellency, that without having too favourable an opinion of my own abilities, I could not nevertheless help feeling a degree of humiliation, on seeing that a person, whose judgment I infinitely respected, let so little a value on mine; and that he thought he might hazard with me a sophism, from which, if the gravity of the subject could allow of it, it would not be difficult to draw the most absurd consequences.

In fart, it remains to be known, whether a Power can acquire the , right of attacking another, and at the same time impose on her the obligation to abstain from every species of reprisals. It cannot surely be necessary seriously to difeufs a similar question: it suffices simply to say, that such a right cannot exist; that nature and common sense rejert it; that all political combinations are inadequate to bestow it; and that;most certainly no nation can acquire it by an art of its own judgment, such as the signature of a Treaty concluded voluntarily, and without necessity.

But, it may be asked, should not the stipulations of a Treaty be complied with ? I do not examine, if in the present case the stipulations of the Treaty, which binds Spain to France, have not been, annulled by reiterated arts of this very Power. It may be granted that this Treaty is of the utinoft validity; it may even be admitted

45 Geo. 11X

Appendix

553

that it is moll strictly obligatory; and that the Spanish Government is bound to execute most scrupulously all its articles; but after all these concessions, it remains forme on the other hand to remark, that this obligation is absolutely foreign to Great Britain, and that its Government is not bound to respect the execution of a Treaty, to which it has been far from contributing, which has been made without its knowledge, against its content, and even in op to its power. An individual who yesterday was free, enters today a volunteer, tomorrow he receives orders to march to the attack of a place; his honour and his engagement oblige him to fulfil his duty; but he would be in the wrong to suppose that this obligation ought to be respeded by the besieged, or that it will protect him against the natural consequences of a vigorous resistance. If in fad any misfortune should befal him, he ought to consider it foleiy as the consequence of the engagement he had entered into.

The same reason applies to the substitution of pecuniary Subsidies, and still more strongly, if these Subsidies, by their amount, or by the effect of other circumstances, become more than an equivalent fur the llipulated Contingent; but in the present case, France has shewn a marked eagerness to obtain this substitution; the Court of England has lately declared, in a formal manner, that it considers such a substitution as more prejudicial than would be the supplying the Contingent itself. These two Governments are assuredly the heft and only judges of what is conducive to their respective interests; and their opinions, so unequivocally declared, render it unnecessary for me to reply to your Excellency’s arguments. There still remains one remark more to make on this subject; and your Excellency will the more readily pardon me, as it may in some degree be considered as necessary to my personal justification. When your Excellency exprefi'es to me the surprize which the declaration I made on the 13th of this month had caused, you will allow me to call to your recoliedion, that this declaration merely contained the formal expression of the fame ideas end of the fame language which I had held on every occasion when I had the honour of speuking to you on the subject of the enormous Subsidies lately demanded by France. It was perhaps natural, that your Excellency should at that time have referred to other information, rather than to verbal aiftirances on my part. I certainly regret it; but neither my Government nor myself can be responsible for it. With respect. to that part of your Excellency's Note, which fays, That the British Cabinet, in its conferences with the Spanish Mi-uifter, was not of opinion that Spain infringed its Neutrality by affording the stipulated succours, it appears to me no easy taik to vimderstand clearly the precise force of the expression made use of by your Excellency in the original; but if 1 am to under and it, as alluding to any declaration whatever on this subject on the part of His Majesty'a Ministers, I will venture to take upon myself, under the most formal responsibility, to deny the existence of such a declaration.

Not to omit any thing on the several points contained in your Excelleiicy’s Note, it will be necessary to say a word on the subject of Portugal. At the very commencement of hostilities, I obeyed the orders of my Court, by declaring both to your Excellency, and to Mon Seigneur the Prince of Peace, that His Majesty, in pursuance of His allianck with the Court of Portugal, found himself obliged to consider the non-passage of the French troops through the Spanish territories as indispensable to the maintenance of the Neutrality of that Court. It appears then, that in a Convention, the ostensible and acknowledged design of which were to secure the tranquillity of Spain, it would have been natural to introduce an article that might secure her against a similar infradion of her Neutrality; it being manifest, that such an infradion would determine the British Government no longer to consider Spain as a neutral Power. On the contrary it appears, that the Treaty contains only one article, by which Spain engages herself to interpose her good offices with Portugal, in order to prevail upon her also to furniffi France with a Subsidy against her own ally. 1 have just stated to your Excellency the sentiments of my Court on the granting of these Subsidies by Spain, in reply to your Excellency’s arguments, which dwelt foleiy upon the existence of prior Treaties. It may therefore be permitted me to remind your Excellency, that Portugal is bound by prior Treaties to furniffi fuc-caurs to England. That Portugal has no Neutrality to purchase: that if Portugal is to conform to the iyftem adopted by Spain, that is to say, the substitution of pecuniary succours for a contingent, theft succours are dun to England. If, on the contrary, her Neutrality is to be purchased by furnishing succours to the enemy of her ally, as is now proposed to Portugal to do, it would thence result that Spain should likewise furnish succours to England, and not to France; if Spain should reject such a demand as an insult, (lie ought not to endeavour to induce Portugal to submit to it. Two opposite principles can never be admitted in two cases precisely similar. Let not infinu-ations, founded on a pretended disparity between the forces of the two belligerent Powers, be put in op to this just and natural consequence! Such considerations have not been admitted by England. She has, by a solemn defiance, proved the falsehood of the

vain and groundless afiertion, that England was unable to cope single-handed with France. She has given this defiance. She will maintain it, or fhc will fall gloriously. Never will lhe admit the idea of an humiliating inferiority, either as the bafts of her own conduct, or of her relations with Foreign Powers. Too well I know the respect which is due to a great and powerful monarchy, to dwell upon injurious comparisons, especially in an official and permanent form: but your Excellency will doubtless recoiled the observations which 1 have verbally made to you reipeding the relative situations of Portugal and Spain, with regard to France and England. If I do not think it proper to repeat them on this occasion, I can assure your Excellency that 1 am far from concealing them, or from apprehending that the*y can be disavowed by my Government.

It appears to me, that the above statement will answer your Excellency’s ideas: but I cannot close it without affording myself the satis-faction of rendering justice to the upright and friendly intentions of His Catholic Majesty, manifested on several occasions, and almuft uniformly in your Excellency's language and conduct.

Your Excellency has likewise afforded the fame testimony in favour of the principles and conduct of His Britannic Majesty’s Government. Such is, unfortunately, the temper of mankind, that rivalry and hatred are not the foie motives which give rife to hostilities. Doubtless, had a national hatred, or an opposition of interests been necessary, one might have expected an uninterrupted continuance of that harmony, which is so perfectly suitable to the habits and interests of the two nations. In all cases, and under all circumstances, His Majesty will be very far from laying any thing to the charge of his Catholic Majesty’s wiffies, or of the intentions of his Government. lie will attribute it to a fatal combination of circumstances, and to the consequence of the unfortunate engagements which have re-united a friendly Power to His natural enemy.

(Signed) /. H. Frere.

His Excellency Don Pedro Cevallos,

&c. &c. &c.

No. 7.

Extract of a Dispatch from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Madrid, 27th December 1803.

The reports which reach us here from other quarters, have determined me to confine myself to the strong protestation contained in the Note inclosed in my former Dispatch, and for the rest to watch their conduct, contenting myself with reporting it to your Lordship, unless circumstances should arise which would render my further forbearance incompatible with the observance of your Lordship's in-strudions. Since this time I have learnt that this Government have already advanced to France the eight millions of livres, and that they are on the point of furnishing a further sum of four millions. Besides this, the recruiting for the army, which had been going on briskly, has been flopped, or at lead differed to flop of itself; while a greater activity prevails in the marine department, though I conceived it my duty to make a strong remonstrance.upon this head, and even to flake my continuance here, agreeably to your Lordship’s instrudions, upon the absolute eeflation of these naval armaments.

(Signed) /. H. Frere.

No. *.

Dispatch from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Madrid, 27th December 1803.

My Lord,

Under the circumstances mentioned in my Dispatch of this date, I have thought it my duty to write to Lord Nelson and to Sir Edward Pellew, and likewise to His Majesty's Consuls and Proconsuls, advising them, that the situation of affairs between the two Courts was such, as to justify the apprehension of an approaching rupture.

I have the honour to be, &c.

(Signed) /. II. Frere.

The Right honourable I^ord Hawkesbury,

&c. &c. &c.

No. 9.

Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Hawkesbury to J. H. Frere, Esquire; dated 21ft January 1804.

Your Dispatches, to No# 54. inclusive, have been received and laid before the King.

His Majesty feels additional reasons (conformably to the system of policy which He has already laid down) for endeavouring to preserve the relations of Peace with Spain as long as is compatible with His

honour,

7 B

Appendix, (No. 4.)

24° Januariiy continued.

554

Appendix

A. 1805

Appendix, (No. 4.)

2 }J Januarii,

continued.

honour, and a due attention to the essential interests of Mis dominions. The information, however, contained in your last Dispatches is not fuflieient to enable His Majesty to decide how far it may be possible for Him to extend His forbearance. The pecuniary succours to be afforded by Spain to France unquestionaMy furnish in themselves a justitiable cause of War; but considering the light in which they were explained on a former orcasion, I^is Majesty is unwilling to proceed to extremities under the present circumstances, on this measure alone, provided He can obtain a satisfactory explanation on other points, and that He can be convinced of the sincere intention of the Spanish Government to cause their neutrality to be respected in every other particular. His Majesty’s final decision, however, on this point, must depend on circumstances, of which lie has not at present sufficient information to enable Hitn to form His judgment. First, What is the purport of the other stipulations contained in the Treaty between the King of Spain and the French Government ? Whether any obligations are imputed by them on his Catholic Majesty, inconsistent with the rights or just pretensions of this country ? Secondly, What are the extent and amount of the naval preparations in the ports of Spain, and what are the explanations given of those preparations by the Spanish Government? His Majesty certainly has a clear right to demand the fullest explanation on both these points, before He can he exported to answer the question of Monsieur Cevaltos, whether the pecuniary succours afforded by Spain to France will he made by His Majesty the ground of War?

You will therefore (late to the Spanish Government, that His Majesty conceives He has a right, before they can claim any forbearance at 11 is hands, to a full and entire communication, in confidence of all the engagements subsisting between the Spanish Government and that of France (particularly of the whole of the Treaty recently concluded) and of the principles uj>on which the Spanish Government intends to regulate its condurt, as well with respect to armaments as in all other particulars; that, when the whole case is laid before His Majesty, He will be enabled to determine what condurt it may be proper for Hi to adopt; but that it cannot pollibly be expected that His Majesty should acquiesce in one stipulation of a Treaty, and that of a nature highly injurious to His interests, and submit at the same time to remain in complete ignorance of all the other stipulations it contains; that the circumstance of armaments in the ports of Spain cannot but afford to His Majesty very serious ground 6f jealously, and the greatest suspicion that the Spanish Government has in its contemplation some ulterior projerts of hostility against His dominions; that an unreserved confidence on the part of the Government of Spain will not fail to be met by a reciprocal condurt on the part of His Majesty; and that whatever may be the issue of the present difeuffiotis, neither party will be in danger, by these means, of being hurried into hostilities from a misconception of the view's, intentions, and engagements of the other.

I cannot too strongly recommend to you to avoid bringing these difeuflions to a hidden and unfavourable issue, except in the two cases fluted in your former instructions, vie. the entrance of a French army into Spain, or authentic information of a naval armament being in such forward preparation, for the purpose of supporting the views of France, or for other purposes lioftile to this country, as may speedily require the exertions of His Majesty*s forces.

No. 10.

Extrart of a Dispatch from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Madrid, 3d March 1804.

I have endeavoured to keep tip such a tone, as may enable His Majesty's Government to take whatever steps may be thought ne-cefliiry or expedient, without being exposed to the reproach of abrupt or violent condurt, or of the infrartion of any engagement, either tJirertly stipulated, or which might be contended to have been implied by a tacit and continued acquiescence; in short, without losing any thing of that evident, justice, which all Europe would have recognized and admitted, if the first stipulation of Subsidy to France had been confide red and acted u{K>n as a ground for immediate hostilities. Being well aware how muclj the justice of such a case may fuflfer in appearance by delay, and by continued forbearance, I have endeavoured, in iny correspondence with M. Cevullos, not only to shew the perfect fairness of the pretensions of His Majesty *s Government, but to avoid any thing like an admission of the pretended Neutrality of this Court; and without puihing matters to extremity, on the one hand, or on the other, attempting to settle and trace out the present relations of the two countries. This system is rendered dill more necessary, by the impoflibiiity of obtaining from Spain any substantial pledge for her future condurt; so long, at least, as ftie continues to follow the fame system of subordination to France. The consequence, therefore, of any explanation or unde.rstanding between the two Courts, would be only to hind llis Majestys Government gratuitously, while Spain would remain in her present state as long as the French Government might

find it convenient, and would afterwards, without ftiame or hesitation, plead necessity as a sufficient excuse for any violation of faith which her ally might might think proper to dirtate.

It will be proper to mention to your Lordship a circumstance, which thews the importance of attending to the first consideration which I mentioned, namely, that of the entire iubordination of this country to France under its present system. When, in conformity to your Lordship's instructions, I applied for a communication of the Treaty, it was replied, that it was impossible; that when it was first made, the necessity of making such a communication to the British Government had been infilled upon, hut that General Bouinonville had positively over-ruled this proposal. In the course of the fame conversation, when I infilled strongly upon the two points of the cefliitiun of naval armament, and the sale of prizes, in answer to what I foid upon the latter point, it was laid, 4€ Well, we must tell the French " that you will not put up with it, and that it cannot be" These expressions so strongly mark, both the value which the French attach to the continuance of the present (late of things with respect to Spain* and the perfect dominion which they exercise over this Government, that I cannot but conceive that, even if they stood alone, they would he a fuflieient proof of the instability of any engagement with this Court, and of the disadvantage which His Majesty s Government w'ould be exposed to by being bound to an arrangement, which the French certainly consider as, in a high degree, favourable to their own interests, and which they will find no difficulty in violating, whenever in their opinion it ceales to be so.

Of the Notes, Copies of which are inclosed, No. 1. was written upon a report which reached me of orders having been sent down, and of great-activity prevailing in the ports, which 1 thought it my duty to take notice of in pretty lirong terms. M. Cevallos’ reply is, as your Lordship will observe, in the lame style, and in his Note hs does not difiVmble, that the preparations arc made, with a view to vindicate amluflert their present pretended fyltem ot Neutrality. This Note appeared to me, both from its fuhltance and tone, so much Lke a defiance, and so impossible to he passed over, that I conceived it my duty to return a very decided and peremptory reply; in which, at the lame time, I took an opportunity of stating, as clearly as 1 was able, the evident justice of the demand which I was charged to make on the part of His Majesty's Government, concluding with a positive intimation of the immediate bad consequences which would ensue in case of a negative or unfutisfartory answer. The answer from M. Cevallos is, as your Lordship will perceive, very different in tone, though in fart conceding very little, and perfectly nugatory and trifling upon the two important points, of a cefihtion of naval preparations, and the sale of prizes, and concluding by desiring an explanation of the intentions and views of England with respect to the present filiation of Spain. In my answer, which I have framed in a correspondent tone of moderation, I avoid taking any notice of this question, and infill upon the difference between the concessions of the Spanish Government on the other points, and the demands of His Majesty, and argue them at some length, concluding with a repetition of the fame intimations of the dangerous consequences to be apprehended from a perseverance in the present measures.

(First Inclosure in No. 10.)

Translation of a Note from J.. H. Frere, Esquire, to Don

Pedro Cevallos.

Sir, Madrid, January 2d, 1804.

Some time has elapsed since your Excellency's promises, and the accounts I received from the ports had removed my unealiness on the subject of the naval armaments, and even afforded the belief that their speedy cessation would remove every cause of distrust on that head. It would be superfluous to point out to your Excellency the circumstances which positively prove to His Britannic Majesty's Minister, that these armaments can have no other object than that of hostilities aguinlt the King, his mailer, or that still more offensive one ofwifliing to support, by a menacing attitude, the system of Subsidies; a system which has been already purfned, notwithstanding the remonstrances of His Britannic Majesty, wherein it is formally declared that this system is more injurious than even supplying a War Contingent.

It is sometimes poflihle to overlook an injustice; hut your Excellency too well knows that an injustice supported by a demonstration of force becomes an insult, and consequently imposes on that Power, who is the object of it, the necessity of demanding satisfaction.

I hope, theielbre, that your Excellency will enable me to make a satisfactory report to my Court, and that you will spare me the un-pleaiant talk of announcing to yuu the very decisive measures which, in the contrary case, I am ordered to adopt.

I am, Scc. J. II. Frere. To llis Excellency Don Pedro Cevallos,

&c. &c. rtc. (Second

45 Geo. III

Appendix

555

(Second Inclosure in No. 10.)

Note from Don Pedro Cevallos to J. H. Frere, Esquire; dated Aranjuez, 13th January 1804.

Sir,

* I have received the Note* which you were pleased to transmit to

me on the ad instant, requiring satisfaction upon the naval armaments which it states are making in the ports of Spain, which can -• have no other object than that of hollihty to Great Britain, and of

supporting a system of Subsidy, which you albert has been adopted by this Government, notwithstanding the Protest of His Britannic Majesty, wherein it has been formally declared, that such a system is

held to be more injurious than the Supplying a War Contingent.

In answer to the above Note, I mull (late to you, that the ideas - of this Court with respect to that of London, are as pacific as I have

'-'i declared them to be in all the official communications in which I

have mentioned them; that the whole conduct of the Spanifti Government is consonant with these ideas; that the mod convincing

; ' proof of her not wishing to alter them, is the Treaty of Subsidy con-

3 eluded with France, for the fake of avoiding any hostile attitude to-

wards Great Britain; that the ships of war which are armed in the aifenals, were already so at the time of concluding the Treaty of Neutrality; and that as long 03 the official communications of the " British Government are conceived in terms calculated to inspire

f # apprehensions that the designs of Great Britain are not conformable

to those of Spain, prudence, policy, and decorum, will require from ‘ the latter the employment of those precautions which in so many

respects (he owes to herfeif.

(Signed) Pedro Cevallos.

J. II. Frere, Esquire,

&c. &c. &c.

(Third Inclosure in No. 10.)

Translation of a Note from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Don Pedro Cevallos.

Sir, 24th January 1804.

After having very deeply reflected on the subject of your Excellency's Note of the 13th instant, I find myself at last under the necessity of coming to a clear and explicit explanation.

In my Note of the 13th of last month, I declared to your Excellency, by order of my Government, that the supply of pecuniary succours, such as had been stipulated by the Treaty recently concluded with France, was considered by His Majesty as the kind of succours the mod effira:ious and bell adapted to the wants of the enemy, the mod prejudicial to the ir.terelts of His Britannic Majesty's subjects, and the mod dangerous to his dominions; in short, more than equivalent to every species of aggression.

I again repeated the fame declaration, supported by arguments in detail in another Note, dated the 26th, t which your Excellency has not thought proper to reply. Indeed, it was net of a nature to require an answer. Great Britain there declared, that (lie saw in the conduct of the Court of Spain a just motive for War; (he makes no reproaches, she demands no satisfaction, (he confines herfeif to a declaration of the wrongs (lie has fullered; and were die compelled to commence hostilities, she would need no other declaration than that which has already been made. Nevertheless it is pointed out in this declaration itself, and your Excellency cannot be ignorant, that His Britannic Majesty was by no means disposed to precipitate this crisis, to which it appears that we are now approaching with hasty ft rides.

His Britannic Majesty, fully persuaded that this truly hostile conduct ©F the Court of Spain was by no means in unison with the principles and intentions of his Catholic Majesty, was delirous of listening to every adrnifiible arrangement, in order to prolong for an indefinite term, the suspension of hostilities, in the reasonable hope that the fluctuating (late of the Continent might at last be settled in such a manner as to secure the tranquillity of Spain, and to afford her the means of extricating herfeif from that situation which your Excellency is pleased to term Neutrality, in order to place herfeif in a Hate of real arid respectable Neutrality.

This couduft is the mod convincing proof of the value which England attaches to the friendship of Spain, and to the interest which (he takes in its independence. In every other view such forbearance would be absolutely inexplicable.

His Britannic Majesty, however, cannot avoid insisting upon conditions founded in justice and in reufon, and which are very far from being equivalent to the advantages which Spain derives from the inaction of the British forces.

Indeed, it does not appear just, that Spain should take advantage of the good dispositions of England, to carry on against her a two-fold Warfare: The first, the moll prejudicial of any, by furnishing pecuniary succours to the enemy; and the second, by admitting the tnemy into its ports upon a more favourable footing, by permitting the sale of prizes made by their privateers, and by encouraging the fitting of them out; and, in fine, by shewing them, on all occasions, a

decided preference. Another condition, not less equitable, is that of the suspension of all farther arming in the ports ol this kingdom. In every case wherein hostilities are suspended between two Powers, it is invariably agreed, that they should remain in liatu quo relative to their military preparations. As to England, she is neither in the intention, nor under the necessity, of increasing hers; all her preparations have long since been completed; the peninsula is closely blockaded by her iquadrons, whose commanders wait only orders for acting.

I have thus, Sir, without reserve, laid before you the ideas of my Government on the actual relative situation of the two countries, as well as on the principles resulting therefrom, and on the indisputable pretensions founded upon those principles. These pretensions extend to two objects; namely, the cessation of all naval armaments, and a perfect equality in the treatment shewn to the vessels and subjects of His Britannic Majesty and to those of the enemy. I must likewise inform your Excellency, that in propoling the above conditions, I communicate the ultimate resolution of my Government, with the certainty that a negative or unsatisfactory answer would immediately produce the consequences which I have so long endea* voured to avert

(Signed) J. H. Frere.

To His Excellency Don Pedro Cevallos,

Ac. &c. Ac.

(Fourth Inclosure in No. 10.)

Note from Don Pedro Cevallos to J. H. Frere, Esquire; dated Aranjuez, 27th January 1804.

Sir,

I h ave received three Note9 from you, dated the 23d and 24th inst.; and, having given account of their contents to the King, my mailer,

I have the honour to reply to vou in the following terms:

You complain that, notwithstanding our colonial system, a French privateer has received (belter in the Buy of Cumana, and been permitted to fell an English vessel captured in the Gulf of Paria. Although our legislation does not permit foreign ships to enter the ports of our colonies, there are certain cases, recommended by humanity and natural right, which jform many exceptions to that general rule. The French privateer fheitered in Cumana will probably have found herfeif in some such situation; and in order to examine into the affair, and to take such measures as may be suitable to the relult, his Majesty has commanded me to transmit the drifted ordeft to the Minister of War.

The purchase of prizes brought into neutral ports has never been looked upon as an act of hoftihty, or infraction of Neutrality, but as a lawful speculation of the commerce of neutral nations.

The King, my master, has recognized the justice with which yon claim that His Britannic Majesty s subjects should be treated throughout Spain with the fame consideration as French citizens; and, since the date of the Treaty of Neutrality with France, has given the drifted orders to avoid every predilection, which can appear in the lead degree inconsistent with our system of drift neutrality.

As soon as His Majesty had notice by His Minister in London of the occurrences which have taken place in the Island of Teneriffe,' which form the subject of the Note which you were pleased to fend me on the 24th, without waiting for the complaint contained in that Note, he commanded me to transmit an Order to the Governor of the said Kland, to give satisfaction as to the charges, and information upon the acts which are attributed to him. These orders are now repeated, accompanied by the deposition of two subjects of His Britannic Majesty, which you are pleased to transmit to me, in order that the Governor's justification may correspond to each of the subjects of complaint.

You judge, with your known prudence and discretion, that these abuses, if they exist, cannot originate in orders issued by the Spanish Government, and you do it the justice to believe that it will punish them as soon as the result of its enquiries shall put it in a situation £0 shew its severity towards those who may have merited it.

You are pleased to transmit to me another Note of the fame date, in which you allure me that His Britannic Majesty, duly appreciating the principles and pacific intentions of the King, my mailer, has wifiied to lend himself to every admissible measure for the fake of prolonging the suspension of hostilities to an indefinite period; a suspension which, if indeed it is founded upon those data, will have no period, and will be as firm as are those principles which essentially constitute the policy of the King, my master.

Another subject of complaint is the permission to fell prizes in our port?. I have had the honour to say, in answer to another Note, that the purchase of prizes is an act of authorized commerce, free from all hostility, when the permiifioa of felling is not confined to one of the belligerent Powers, but common to both.

With regard to the complaint that the French ships are received in our ports upon a more favourable footing, and that a decided preference

Appendix (No. 4.) 44* Januarib

continued.

t 1

556 Appendix. A. 1805,

Appendix, (No. 4.) 24* Januarii, continued.

ference is given to them, I have the honour to repeat to you that the orders of the King, my master, are confined to an equality of pro-testion, and the moll Arid Neutrality.

Besides these conditions for the continuance of Neutrality, you demand a suspension, on the part of Spain, of all further armament in the ports of this kingdom, founding your, demand upon the identity of the principle, by which, when hostilities are suspended between two Powers, they are fixed in fiatu quo with regard to their military preparations. The principles which hold good in a suspension of hofti-lities, cannot be applied to a case of Neutrality, w ithout infringing which, a Power may arm, in order to be prepared for every event, or even to preserve the Neutrality which she desires.

The intentions of the Spanish Government are very far removed from all hostility. His Britannic Majesty could not do less than recognize the pacific views of the King, my mailer; his Majesty has given irresistible proofs that he does not desire to change them, both in the sacrifices which have been made to procure the Neutrality of this kingdom, and a free and secure circulation for the commerce of his subjects; as well as in the prompt justice, which has been executed, before it was demanded, upon those of his subjects, who have forgotten the duties which the Neutrality imposes.

These data being laid down, I do not find how it is possible that you should apprehend that Spain is occupying herself with further armaments, with which (he may aft in a sense contrary to her pacific system.

The official correspondence, by which you have endeavoured to maintain a good understanding, whilst it claims my acknowledgments, forms the glory and constitutes the essence of yoar million; but you will agree with me, that your Note abounds in phrases of a contradictory signification; some assure the continuation of a good understanding between the two Powers, and others breed apprehensions that it may be disturbed; and this collision of security and mistrust is a great impediment to the advantages which the King proposed to himself from his Neutrality.'

In order that they may be no longer thus embarrassed, I hope, Sir, that, making a due estimate of the frankness and precise and positive terms in which I have had the honour to declare to you the invariable system of the Spanish Cabinet, you will in return declare to me in like terms, whether Great Britain, is, as I hope, determined to continue in a good understanding with Spain during the present war with FY&nce.

(Signed) Pedro Ccvallos.

J. H. Frere, Esquire,

&c. dec.

(Fifth Inclosure in No. 10.)

Translation of a Note from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Don Pedro Cevallos.

Sir, 18th February 1804.

Considerations, on which it is at present unnecessary to dwell, have induced me to defer the execution of my instructions, as to the answer which I am to give to your Excellency's Note of the 37th ult. The friendly form and the flattering personal expressions of this Note, rendered it an infinitely painful duty to me to discharge, in repre-fenting to you the extreme difference which exists between the conditions proposed oa the part of His Britannic Majesty, and those to which your Excellency has thought it right to agree. I regret it the more, from the knowledge that these propositions form the ultimatum of my Government, and that the resolutions which it has taken in this respect are not susceptible of any alteration. In fine, Sir, I should absolutely despair of seeing things remain longer in their present filiation, if the confidence with which the principles of His Majesty and the difeernment of your Excellency inspire me, did not hold out to me the prospect, that an arrangement might possibly be made, in conformity with the demands of His Britannic Majesty, and with that justice upon which they are founded.

The naval armaments of Spain, in the actual situation of affairs, cannot fail to excite apprehensions on the part of His Britannic Majesty. The question of Louisiana being now terminated, these armaments can only have England or France for their object. Whilst the difeuffions with the American States still existed, it might be supposed that these preparations were for an unavowed destination. Should they still continue, it would be no longer possible to attribute them to any other motive than that which your Excellency announces, namely, a jealously of the intentions of England, and a determination to maintain by force a (late of things qualified by the name of Neutrality, but to which the necessary conditions of Neutrality are totally wanting. This pretension is not less injurious to the interests of England than offensive to its honour. There is another confide ration still mfire important. His Majesty, at the same time that he does justice to the dispositions of his Catholic Majesty, and to the intentions of his Ministers, cannot be blind to the influence which his enemies have obtained in this country, and the species of authority which they exefeife in it* This consideration has been the motive of

great forbearance on His Britannic Majesty1s part, to which he would certainly not have condescended, had He imagined that the dispositions of the Court of Spain were in umfon with its measures. But this fame consideration mud necessarily inspire His Majesty s Ministers and Counsellors with a just distrust of the future conduct of Spain. Your Excellency's assurances would certainly be a sufficient guarantee of the intentions and wishes of his Catholic Majesty; but unfortunately these cannot answer for the will of France, nor for the exercise of an influence which may be paramount to the former decisions of that Court. It would therefore be proper, nay, an indispensable duty, on the part of the British Government, to watch the armaments and the movements of the squadrons already equipped in the ports of this kingdom, by employing squadrons of equal force: I say, that the Minister who should neglect such precautions, would render himself responflble to his country in the higbeft degree. Therefore, I intreat your Excellency to consider what would necessarily be the relative situation of the two countries. Spain would furnish to Fiance those pecuniary succours which are indispensable to her carrying on an active war against England. She would moreover oblige England to support a moil burthenfeme defensive efiablishment, in order to watch the squadrons which she might have equipped in her ports. I demand of you, Sir, if such a state of tilings is politically or morally admissible, and upon what pretence can be founded the desire that it should be tolerated by any Government? Would not this consequence necessarily result from it, that the forces which should be employed # to watch the ports of Spain, would at the same time receive a commission to act? If this consequence be inevitable, the British Government holds its conduct to be more just, more frank, nay, more amicable, in representing, in the first instance as immediate, a consequence, which, although certain, might perhaps appear less (hiking in a more distant prospect. It is for this reason, Sir, that I am ordered to declare to you, that the system of forbearance on the part of England absolutely depends on the celTation of every naval armament within the ports of this kingdom, and that I am expressly forbidden to prolong my residence here, if unfortunately this condition should be rejected.

There is likewise another condition equally essential and indispensable. The principle upon which Great Britain has justly manifested the utmost jealously, is the maintenance of the ancient Maritime Law, established for centuries, and universally acknowledged by all Christian States, until these latter days. The French Republic, finding herself cramped by the superiority of her adversary, has endeavoured to remedy that inconvenience, by destroying the ancient code, the principles of which, since they authorized the advantages resulting from a superiority of force, would necessarily appear inimical to her. She has, in consequence, endeavoured to establish two principles; the first of which, by covering the effects of a belligerent Power under the safe-guard of a neutral bottom, would secure to the weaker Power an efficacious protection. This principle was capable of a certain colouring of humanity and public good; since it had an immediate tendency to withdraw the property of individuals from the calamities of war, and to confine the effects of this scourge within a narrower com-pass. But respect for ancient usages and a more enlightened justice have prevailed, and this innovating principle has been generally rejected. France had also need of a principle of offensive war, equally favourable to the weaker Power.- She trusted flie had found it, in the right which (lie arrogated to herself of condemning and of felling her prizes in neutral ports; but as this principle is very far from having the fame advantages as the preceding one, since it extends without bounds the ravages of w'ar and the Losses of individuals, it was rejected and disclaimed, more promptly and in a more formal manner-One of the moil respectable Powers has felt that she was obliged, in justice and in honour, to give satisfaction for the wrongs which had been occasioned by the inconsiderate admission of this principle. This Power is now herself prosecuting claims at this Court, with the just confidence of being able to obtain a compensation, limilar to that she thought it incumbent on her to grant. But Spain is the Power of all others the most interested in the preservation of ancient principles. What, indeed, would be her situation with regard to those Powers, whilst she possesses no means whatever of attacking, if, in the event of war, the ports of Jamaica, of Trinidad, and of Gibraltar, were open to their privateers? Moreover, this usage necessarily produces an infinity of abuses. Privateers are frequently the property of neutral subjects, and manned with a neutral crew. Examples of this atrocious proceeding have been proved in several inllances of captures of American vessels, aild even recently privateers have been fitted out at Teneriffe and at Tarifa, which could not have been on account of French individuals, who were the oilenfible proprietors. It is evident, that Spain, owing to her distant and extensive possessions, would be of all Powers the most liable to become responsible for the abuses of her Neutrality, in case this new principle was established. She would likewise be fabjefted, in the event of war, to be attacked by Powers whose activity, happily for her, is redrafted by ancient principles; nevertheless, she is the only one wdio thinks she has the right and the power to infringe them. I do not suppose that your Excel-

45 Geo. lit

1 Appendix.

557

lency can flatter yourself, that Great Britain, having so tenucionfly perfilted in opposing the establishment of the first of these principles, can be disposed to admit the establtflunent of the second, infinitely more pernicious, more unreasonable, and which has already been rejected by every other Power.

My orders on this head are equally positive with those on the fub-jetl of the armaments. I communicate them to your Excellency with that confidence which your wisdom and penetration inspire; but I must also explicitly declare, that I am not authorized to admit any modification; and that, if I am unable to obtain from your Excelr lency the admission of these two conditions, namely, the ceftution of all armaments, and orders to stop the sale of prizes brought into the ports of this kingdom, I am to consider all negociation as at an end, and to think only of returning to my superiors, to render an account of my million.

(Signed) J. H. I'rere.

To His Excellency Don Pedro Cevallos,

Ac. Ac. Ac.

No. n.

Extract of a Dispatch from J. II. Frere, Esquire, to Lord llawkcfbury; dated Madrid, iSth April 1804.

. . ,• r .....

I have the honour of enclosing the translation of a Note from Mr. Cevallos; in which he informs me that his Catholic Majesty consents to prohibit the sale of British prizes in the ports of his dominions. Your Lordship willpbferve that Mr. CeVallos states it as having been demanded as a condition, under which the British Government would conlVnt to recognize the Neutrality of Spain, as being confident with the peitormanec of the engagements of their present Treaty with France. As there is nothing in any Note of mine which could be brought forward as a foundation for such a conclusion, and on the contrary it is particularly and expressly guarded against, I have not thought it worth while to enter any protell in answer to Mr. Cevallos' insinuation.

The Right Honourable Lord Hawkelbury,

Ac. Ac. Ac.

(Inclosure in No. 11.)

Note from Don Pedro Cevallos to J. II. Frere, Esquire; dated Aiarjuez, 2<2d March 1804.

Sir,

To answer the Note which you were pleased to transmit to me on the 18th February lait, upon various points relative to the Neutrality of Spain in the actual occurrences of Europe between England and France, I have taken the time which the weight and importance of a subject requires, which is so intercfdng to the common happiness of the subjects of both Sovereigns.

In the Note above mentioned, after proposing the points or basis upon which your Court found the recognizance of our Neutrality, and difeuffing wifely the consequenceg and advantages of each of them, you conclude with proposing definitively, by order of your Government, as the basis of this recognizance, the cefi’ation of all armaments, and of the sale of prizes brought into the ports of this kingdom; of which definitive proposal you add, that you have no authority to admit of any modification.

As for the first point, or cefi'ation of all armaments, I have nothing to add to what I have signified to you on several occasions, especially in my Note of the a8th of January lust; and the conduct of this Cabinet in the present occurrences ought to dilfipate even the most remote ffiadow of suspicion of a hofiile difpufition on the part of the King, my matter; and I am consequently persuaded upon this point, that the wishes and demands of His Britannic Majesty are perfcdly iiitisfied.

With regard to the cessation of the sale of prizes brought into the ports of Spain, although it was a demand fuiccptible of much diifi-culty, the pacific desires of his Majesty have been able to surmount them; and you may att'ure your Court, that, according to its demand, the fide of the prizes of any of the belligerent Powers brought into the ports of these kingdoms will not be permitted, his Majesty having given the order, and it will be rigorously observed.

His Majesty hopes that as this prohibition is prejudicial to his interests and those of his subjects, the King of England will regard his compliance as the must efficacious proof of his defile to maintain the moil ported intelligence with His Britannic Majesty, and that an additional obligation is laid upon England, to observe towards Spain all the consideration which is due to the rectitude, good faith, generosity, and pacific views of the King, my matter.

To J. H. Frere, Esquire, Ac. Ac.Ac

(Signed) Pedro Cevallos.

No. 1*2.

Letter from Lord Harrowby to J. II. Frere, Esquire; dated Downing-street, sad May 1804.

Sir,

It being extremely desirable in the present state of the political relations between this Country and Spurn, that His Majesty s Government should obtain the most accurate information with rei’peri 10 the actual condition of the ports and arsenals of Spain, I have to signify to vou the King's pleasure that you transmit to me a detailed Uatement, in as far as it can be procured, not only oi any warlike preparations u ich, may be carrying on in any of those ports, and of the fiiips oi wai both in commission and in ordinary, but also of the state of the royal arsenals, and of the extent of the means existing in them to increaie their ’present naval establishment. You will Like Wife instiud the Conluls to endeavour to discover any measures which may have been adopted by the Spanish Government for the purpose of obtaining supplies of naval stores, the amount of such supplies, the countries from wUich they are to he shipped, and the manner in which they are to be conveyed to the ports of Spain. With a reference to this subject, it is also important, that His Majesty's Government should be furmlhed with an account of the specie imported into the Ports of Spam in the course of the last year, and with an estimate of the probable amount of the ftiipments of the present year, as well as with information of the periods at which they may be expected to arrive in Europe.

1 am, &c.

(Signed) Harrovby.

To J. II. Frere, Esquire, Ac. Ac. Ac.

No. 13.

Dispatch from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Harrowby j dated Madrid, 5th July 1804.

My Lord,

I have to acknowledge the receipt of your Lordship's Dispatch, No. 1, of the -22d May; and though there has not yet been time to satisfy the enquiries which your Lordship directs me t6 make, yet your Lordship will fee, from the tenor of my other letters of this date, that there can be no reason to apprehend that this Court are disposed to renounce their present system of nomiual Neutrality; and I should apprehend that the French Government are as little disposed, for the fake of a momentary assistance, to exchange an useful tributary for a burdensome ally. The accounts which 1 receive from the ports do not indicate any preparation, on the part of this Government, and Mr* Cevallos' language is in the fame tone as before, speaking of the Neutrality of this country as a thing settled and admitted, and Teeming to wish to lead me on to similar language. Thus when I thought it my duty to question him respecting the situation of the ports, saying, that though I had no reason to believe that any preparations wera going bn, yet that I had learnt that feme reports to that efled were in circulation, and that I wiliied to be able to explaiu to my Government the ground and origin of l’uch reports; he replied, that they were wholly without foundation; that the British Government had insisted upon the non-armament as one of the conditions of Neutrality; that he had informed me, m an official Note, that Spain contented to desist from any further armament; that fire had done so; and that every thing remained at this moment upon the fame footing; I then questioned him upon the subject of Mr. Lebruns million, respecting which he did not feern disposed to give me any explanation.

The object of this million still remains unknown, though, from the circumstance of Mr. Lebrun's having visited the port of Ferrol in his way, and being himself a naval officer, there can be little doubt of its being connected with some maritime project.

I have the honour to be, &c.

J. H. Frere.

No, 14.

Dispatch from B. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Harrowby; dated Madrid, 29th August 1804.

My Lord,

Having been informed by Admiral Cochrane of the arrival of reinforcements through Spain to the French fleet at Ferrol, I wrote to Mr. Cevallos the Note of which the inclosed is a copy; and after some days, having received no answer, and having learnt polilively from other quarters the passage of such reinforcements through the Spanish territory, I made a second application to Mr. Cevallos upon the subject. lie has as yet returned me no answer; and I think it right not to wait any longer for his explanation, before 1 acquaint your Lordship with the circumstance; more especially since there being no doubt of the fad complained of, no very satisfactory explanation can be cxpe&ed.

I h$Lve the honour to be, &c.

(Sijnod) E. Frere.

The Ri^ht Honourable Lord Harrowby,

Ac. Ac. Ac.

7 C (Fixft

Appendix, (No. 4.) 24* Janna>

continued.

558

Appendix

A. 1805

Appendix,

(No- 4-)

24* Jamta

ton t inned.

(First Inclosure in No. 14.)

Translation of a Note from B. Frere, Esquire, to Don Pedro Cevallos.

Sir, 20th August 1804.

Tur. Captain General of Galicia will not have faded to communicate to your Excellency the representations which have been made to him f,y the Commander in Chief of his Britannic Majesty's fleet ltatinned off Ferrol, with regard to the reinforcements of iol-diers and sailors who traverl'e Spain, in order to reach the French fijuadron now in that port. Admiral Cochrane, on his iide, has transmitted to me Ins correspondence; and although I should have defned to he enabled to verity with more precition what foundation there might be for thel'e complaints, before I laid them officially be-lore your Excellency, I have thought it more conformable to the dispofitious of my Government, to endeavour to prevent, by remonstrances, which may be premature, an act so decidedly hostile to England, than to rilk being under that still inure painful rieceflity which the certainty of its having been performed would impose upon me. I will also confess to your Excellency, that the private information I poliefs on the passage of French soldiers from Malaga to Ferrol, has seemed to me to contirm the other accounts which have been given to Admiral Cochrane. And it is polftble that, as this Government did not oppose this indirect violation of its territory, I ranee may have been encouraged to try a full more open and flagrant one, by obtaining a passage through Spain for troops going trom France itself, in order to reinforce its squadron at Ferrol.

As the Commander in Chief, in communicating to me his correspondence with the Captain (General of Galicia, informs me, that he at the lame time transmitted it to his government, 1 hope that your Excellency will soon enable me to quiet the uneaihlels which they mu ft ieel from the project in question, by giving me. the act'urance that efficacious mcaiures have been taken to prevent its being carried into execution,

(Signed) B, Frere.

10 Ins Excellency Don Pedro Cevallos,.

& c. iXc. See.

(Second Inclosure in No. 14.)

Translation of a Note from B. Frere, Esquire, to Don Pedro Cevallos.

Sir, 27th’August 1804.

1 flatter nivself that your Excellency will not blame my impa-eti^e. to receive forne f.tlisfactory answer on the fuhjeCl of my Note (j/the 20th of this month. I have fntce that day received authentic accounts of the pall age of several ftvmJl detachments'of Frenchmen to Ferrol; and I believe that this circumstance is not at this moment unknown to his Catholic Majesty's Government; b?it in any Case* Uiould they think’ proper to 'make enquiries into the fad, it would afford some fathfachon to me, to deceive, in the me m while, your Excellency's aliurance, that mcafutes were, already taken to put a flop to this uluife, of the continuance of which the Spanish Government mult heiictforward charge itself with the conieqatnces.

(Signed) IE Frerc.

Tu.his Excellency Don Pedro Cevallos, kc. See. Sec..

No. 15.

Difjmtcli from Lord Ilarrowliy to B. Frere, F.fqoire; dated L'owning-street, 29th September 1S04.

Sir,

Information has been received from Rear Admiral Cochrane, th.it orders have been given by the Court of Madrid, for arming without Infs of time, at Ferrol, four ftiips of the line, two frigates, and other linaller vessels; that limilar orders have been given at Cartha-vrfiu and Cadiz; and particularly that three first-rate lliips of the inn* are directed to fail from the Lift-mentioned port; arid as an additional proof of licitile intentions, that orders have been given to the packets to ai m as in time of War.

In consequence of this information, I am commanded to signify to you Ills MajestyV pleasure, that as soon as you receive this Dispatch, you should lequtlt an audience of M. de Cevallos.

\ou will (Nj refs to him the lurpnze and concern with which the inaaliLt nce of these unexpected and unjustiliable measures has been received in this country.

Vou will recall to the recollection of that Minister, the grounds upon winch His Majesty 1ms hitherto forborne fromconftdering Spain a« an enemy. li *t nothing could have induced him to continue this forbearance, but a lincerc desire to avoid extending the calamities of war, and a Willin.neis to conlide in the assurances of the Spanish Government, that the payments made to France were only intended to train time, until commistances ftiowld enable them to adopt mea-iures more conlilient "with their interests and their wilbes.^ That His Majesty had repeatedly required a communication of the engage-

mentis entered into with France; but had only received in answer to such demands an indefinite assurance, that whatever might be the amount of the payments to be made by Spain to France, they had been calculated with a reference to the expence of the military and naval iuccours stipulated by Treaty. That 110 means had been afforded lo His Majesty of judging whether the payments were in fad only an equivalent for the succours, or whether they so far exceeded that amount as to make it impoftibleto consider Spain otherwise than as a principal in the W ar.

That His Majesty. therefore had been under the necessity of expressly reserving to himself the full right of regulating his conduct towards Spain, according to the appearance of cxilting circumfbmc.es; but that the ubflaimng from all Naval preparations on the part of that power had been cLtVm&ly declared to be one of the indifpcnfablt conditions annexed by His Majesty to the continuance of Ilia forbearance.

You will state to M. de Cevallos, that after such declarations had been made, it would be difficult to suppose that any explanation could be given of the present naval prep-nations, which would render such a proceeding confident with the Neutrality which is profelTed; but it is manifestly impossible to consider it, unaccompanied as it has been by any explanation whatever, in any other light, than as a measure directly hostile, and imposing upon His Majesty the duty of taking, without delay, every measure of precaution; and pailicuktrly of giving 01 dei s to his Admiral, off the port of Ferrol, to prevent any of the Spanish ships ot war from failing from that port, or any additional 'flops of war from entering it.

The whole conduct of his Majesty towards Spain has abundantly proved his earnest deiiie to carry that forbearance to the utmost hunt which a due regard to the lufety and interests of His people would admit: But he cannot depart from the declarations He has already made; nor allow Spain to enjoy all the advantages of Neutrality, and, at the lame time, to carry on against him a double War, by utlifting His enemies with pecuniary succours, to which 110 limit is assigned; and by obliging Him, at the same time, to divert a part of His naval force from luffing against those enemies, in order to watch the armaments carried on in poits professing to be neutral.

You are, therefore, clireeled to require from the Spanish Government the immediate recall of all oruers for the naval armament at Ferrol, Cadiz, and Cai lliagenu. as well as for fending reinforcement* from some of those poits to others; and you will apprize M. de Cevallos, that, tinless you receive a futis factory answer without delay, you are ordered to quit Madrid. If positive and unequivocal aliurance* are given, not only that the present naval equipments shall be disconlinued, but that the naval armaments in the ports of Spain shall be placed upon the fame footing on which they were previously to the commencement of holiilitics between Great Britain and France, you will engage to trausmit such aftiirances to His Majesty, and you will take upon yourself to answer for its being the intention of His Ma. j'Tty, in calc there appears fufiieient i;ealou to believe that they will It ft nelly fuililled, to hud a Minister to Madud.for the purpose of entering into an amicable diicuilion of all other points of difference.

It mull, however, be daffinftly undorilood, that no such difeufiion can be entered into unless the Court of Spain is prepared to give such an explanation of its engagements with France, and of the.fvfrom which it intends to adopt, as may enable His Majesty to afcei tain the natuic of the relations which are to fubfili between iEmself and hi* Catholic Majesty.

If the answer given by M. dc Cevallos fliftuld be negative or equivocal, you will demand your Passports, and leave Madrid.

I am, &c.

To B. Erere, Esquire. (Signed) Harr on by.

No. 16.

Extra(ff of a Dispatch from Mr. Consul General Hunter t#, Lord Harrow by; dated Madrid, 5 th October 1804.

I have the honour to inclose Copies of the two following official Letters which have passed on the subject of the naval armament* at Ferrol; viz.

From Mr. B. Frere to Don Pedro Cevallos, dated 27th September. Answer by his Excellency to Mr. Frcre, dated 3d mliant.

(First Inclosure in No. 16.)

Transfation of a Note from B. Frere, Esquire, to Don Pedr* Cevallos.

Sir, 27th September 1804.

An indisposition, which still confines me to my bed, 1ms prevented me from addrefting your Excellency looner, on the subject of the naval armament which is carrying on at Ferrol. The total reflation of all preparations in the ports having been the principal condition required determined by England, and agreed to by Spain, as the price oi the continuance of that fyftera of forbearance which England has hitherto obfurved, the violation of this condition, against which I now protest, can be considered m no other light than as a hostile aggression on the part of Spain, and a defiance given to England.

45 Geo. IlL

Appendix*

It is in vain that I feck to interpret this precipitate measure in a manner more conformable to the willies ol my Government, anti lei's dilaltrous to the two nations. It becomes ltill more menacing, in consequence of a squadron of the enemy being in the port where it is carrying on. Having discharged my duty towards my own Government in protesting against this mcaiure, it fiill remains lor me to fulfil the one I owe to that of his Catholic Majesty; namely, to apprize, them, that in no case can England be indifferent to the armament which is preparing, nor content to its being carried on; and I entreat that your Excellency, previous to giving me an answer, will duly consider the serious confluences which will rel'uit, if it be de->rrfnined to complete the mil'cry which prelies so heavily on this country, by plunging it unnecessarily into a ruinous War.

I avail myself of this opportunity to, &c.

(Signed) B. Frere. To his Excellency Don Pedro Cevalios, &c. &c. 6lC.

(Second inclosure in No. 16.)

Note from Don Pedro Cevailos to B. Frere, Esquire j dated Elcurial, 3d October 1804.

Sir,

I have m de a report to the King, my mailer, of the contents of your Note 01 the 27th ultimo, in which you lpeak of a naval armament, which you suppose to be fitting out in Ferrol. His Majesty, being informed of your representations, ordeis me to answer, that he h is never thought or being wanting to the agreements entered into with the Brituii Government — that the celfation of all naval armament against Great Eiitftm 111 dl he observed as it has been hitherto; and that wh te cr information to the contrary nuy have reached you, is wholly unfounded, mid otferdive to the reputation which the Span’dh Government justly enjoys.

[ tiiive this opportunity of renewing to you the aftiirances of my wiilici to oblige you; and I pray God to preserve your life many years.

(Signed) P. Ctiullos*

To the Charge d’Afiuires of His Britannic Majesty,

6cc. &c. &c.

Dispatch from Lord Harrow by to B. Frere, Esquire; dated Downing-street, 21ft October 1804*

Sir,

Tiie Lively, Captain Humohd, arrived at Portsmouth on Wednesday morning with the Kama, a Spanish frigate, laden with dollars from the llio de la Plata, and brought information of the action which took place on the 5th indent between four of His Majesty's frigates, and the fame number of Spanish frigates, in which three of the hitler were captured, and one unfortunately blew up.

Although from the situation of the ships when this action happened, it is probable that the event is known at the Court of Madrid, I have thought it neceiTury to give you this information without loss of time, in order that you may be able to explain to the Sptni/h Government the principles upon which the orders given to His Majesty’s naval commanders are rested, and the effect which this event is here confide reel to have upon the relative situation of the two countries.

As the fuhjed was fully difeufied in a conference which took place yesterday ho tween the Spanish Minister and myself, I cannot point out to you more d’itindly the language w’bich His Majesty thinks proper to be held upon this occasion, than by Hating to you the substance of this conversation.

In answer to the first questionof the Spanish Minister, in what light this event was to be considered; I informed him, that it was an act done in consequence of express orders from His Majesty, to detain all ships laden With treasure for Spain. That such orders had been ift’ucd as Icon as intelligence was received of the equipment of naval armaments in the ports of Spain, and particularly at Ferrol, without any previous explanation. That the Court of Madrid could have no icofon to be surprized that such a step was taken, as it had been repeatedly Hated to the Spanish Government, and particularly in a Note delivered by Mr. Frere on the 18th of February last, that as long as they continued in a situation of merely nominal Neutrality, any naval armament in their ports must be considered as putting an immediate end to the forbearance of England, and as necclTanly producing consequences that were difiinclly pointed out. 1 added, that upira the first intelligence of the armament. Admiral Cochrane had been directed to communicate to the Governor of Ferrol the orders he had received to oppose the failing of any Spanish ships of war to or from the port of Ferrol; and Mr. 1). Frere bad also been directed to inform tin*. Court of Madrid of the orders given by His Majesty, that all nrc diary measures of precaution should be taken, and particularly those notified by Admiral Cochrane. The Spanish Minister then observed. That his Court was not apprized of the orders given to detain the ships laden with treasure, which, being ships of war, their ml fiance to any attempt to detain them mult have been

foreseen, I observfed in reply, that this was the first and most obvious of those measures of precaution which had been announced, 'i 1 at it had been thought right to announce precisely the intun.on 01 engaging the ships of war, which might attempt to fail to or fi*uu Iferiol, bvcaul’e it would depend upon the Spandh Government, inter receiving such an intimation, to give such ordeis a3 to »Lcii lading v as it might think proper, and to pi event a bolide meeting between the tw'o squadrons; but that to h.tve announced moie p;rt.t ului ly the intention of detaining the treaioie ships, tnutl either 1 \\t i.fen perfectly ufehfs, if the Spanish Government h id no ni'ut^ ol giving them notice of such intention, or must have Horded the orpo: amity of rendering it completely abortive. That Spain having viofeu.d < :ie of the conditions upon which the forbearance of His Majesty depended, it became immediately necessary for him to prevent the c ontinuance of those succours which were furnished by Spain to France, That these succours were of two kinds; naval armaments and treasure. That His Majesty hud hitherto submitled with unexampled moderation, to connive at the payment of a Subsidy by Spain to France, upon the grounds which have been often Hated; but that, from the moment Spain had munifefted the intention, instead of confining herself to pecuniary assistance, to add hci naval forces to those of France, and had manifested it in the least equivocal manner* by equipping a cunsiderable squadron in the port of i errrol, where it would be ready to join a squadron of French ships, and to outnumber the Britilli force employed in blockading them; from that moment his Majesty could no longer delay carrying into execution every measure of necclVury precaution; and lie 1 ad a3 nut a naht to detain treasure deftmed to increase the means ol his enemies, as to attack the ftiips of Spain failing in c onjimdion with those of France*.

I e.vpre fifed in strong terms His Majdry’s concern at the job; of to many valuable lives in the confiice, and particularly at the ui:fortunate accident, which ddlroyed one of the Spanish frig ms, (the Mercedes) with nearly the whole oi her crew. 1 did not controvert Ids observ&lion, that it was impossible for those frigates w t to ref.fi, when they were met by so equal a force; and I thought it right to avow without lv ft tutu n, that, although it was leaped the treasure might have been brought in single ships, of a fer*e | inferior to His Majesty's squadron as to justily the exfoliation tli.it they might he detained without violence, yet that His Majesty's Government were aware that this expectution might he difeppomn d, and as the act itself was thought necessary, had determined to incur the hazard of what might follow from mi fiance.

To the qmillion put by the Spanish Min:Her, in what Hate the Spanish frigates and their crews v e>e to !e considered; ! replied, in the fame H ite as ships and crews detained under (imilur oircuinftaiioes upon former occasions. ?1 hat the ottic*-;?j.d men would be treated with every possible attention, and the tre.liue would be tiv.nlpm ted to a place oi security, to avva.t -urh orders is the ;tiue of the pclent difcullions with the Court of Madrid m.y appear to His Majesty to require.

After those points had been difeufied, the Spanish Minister defied to know, whether this event was to be considered as putting an end to all further explanation, and placing the two countries in a state of War.

To this 1 replied, that it was certainly by no means so considered on our part. That it was ltill the earned wiih ot His Majesty, that such explanations, assurances, and securities might be given by the Court of Madrid respe&iag their naval armaments, piefent and future, and respecting all other subjects of difeuflion between the two Governments, as might not only maintain an amicable intercourse between them, but establish it in future upon a more distiifeb and permanent footing. An explanation of the naval armaments alone, would not then (replied M; d'Anduaga) now satisfy the Englifti Government.

To this 1 answered, that such an explanation alone would not now satisfy us, nor would it have been fjtisfaciorv at any former period. The Court of Madrid had repeatedly been informed, that His Majesty could not be satisfied without being made completely acquainted with the relation in which Spain Hands with respect to France, in order to be enabled to judge, upon a full view of all the cireum fiances, in what r relation lie could consent to consider Spain as handing with respect to Great Britain.

In reply to several observations which fell from the Chevalier d'An-duasa, that assurances had been given, as to the amount of the Subsidy which was hated to be only an equivalent for military succours; as to the contents of the Treaty with France, which was uJlcdgrd to contain nothing injurious to the interests of Great Britain; as to ihe innocent defimution of any armaments which might be made; as to the derided intention of his Catholick Majesty to preserve the fincteft Neutrality; and as to the injufiice of any fulpicions which could attach to Spanish honour and veracity—1 allured him, in return, that both the Government and the Nation had the high eft value and respect for Spanish honour and veracity; but that we had too much ground from experience to bellow in trufiing the ability of Spc in to ad up to the honourable and independent principles by which her conduct

would

Appendix, (Xo. 4.)

24' Januarii,

cuntiuutd.

560

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 4.)

24* Januarii,

continued C______ ______

would naturally be guided. That I sincerely wished the Armaments in question might prove to have been really, as he had endeavoured to represent them, only the consequence of an order given under the preshire of ntceflity, for the purpose of tnursporting troops to subdue the revokers in Biscay; but that if thi.s were really the intention of the order, it was inconceivable, that no notice should have been given to the Britishi Minister at Madrid, or to the Admiral off the port of Ferrol, who might have conveyed the explanation of the armament at the fame moment with the news of its existence. That it was Angular, if /hips of the line were to be used for this purpose, that they should not have been equipped merely as transpprts. That although the orders were received at Ferrol on the seventh of last month, and must consequently have been given at Madrid some days earlier, yet up to this moment he was possessed of no direct information from his Court, was authorized to give me no explanation, and was reduced to (late upon this subject his own conjecture, founded upon imperfect intelligence, and upon his own earned willies to explain the translation in a manner calculated to prevent a rupture between the two countries. Having dwelt upon the various grounds, which made this explanation improbable and unsatisfa&ory, I concluded the conversation by expressing my fears, that the orders would be found to have proceeded from that influence which had unfortunately so long diverted the Spanish Councils from an attention to their real interest and dignity; that the measure, if dictated by that influence, would probably be persisted in; and that a breach would then become inevitable; but that the moderation and forbearance of His Majesty’s conduct hitherto, (to which the Spanish Minister bore the full eft testimony,) would be a sufficient security, that no reasonable means of accommodation would be rejected; and that I should be equally deflrous with himself to be the instrument of establishing between our respective countries a greater degree of harmony and cordiality than could exist between a nominal neutrality on the one side, and a jealous forbearance on the other.

I am in daily expectation dF hearing from you what passed at Madrid upon the receipt of the communication made by Admiral Cochrane to the Spanish Governor of Ferrol; until that information is received, I have nothing to add to my former instruliions.

P. S. Since this was written, an account was received of the arrival of His Majesty’s ships the Amphion and Indefatigable, with the Spanish frigates, the Medea and the Clara.

I am, &c.

B. Frerc, Esq. (Signed) Harrouby.

N° 18.

Dispatcli from B. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Harrowby; dated Elcurial, 27th October 1804.

My Lord*

Youk Lordships Dispatches, K° 1 end 2, were delivered to me by the Messenger Smith, on the night of the 18th, in consequence of which 1 loft no time in coming down to the Escurial, where the Court are resident at present, and having demanded an audience of M. Cevallos, which he gave me on the 2lit, I told him that I believed he would find by his letters from England, that the fenfution which the late unexpected armament at Ferrol had cauled there, had been by no means over-rated in the Note which I had address'ed to him upon the subject some weeks age; that I was now' charged to declare to him formally His Majesty's surprize and concern at such a measure having been adopted, without any previous communication to Him, and unaccompanied by any explanations of its object; and to require the immediate recall of all orders which might have been given at Ferrol or elsewhere, for increasing their naval force, or for altering its position; and that it should be reduced to the state in which it was at the beginning of the War. M. Cevallos said, that he found that there had been a great deal of misrepresentation and exaggeration upon the fuhjeCl of this armament, which he affected to treat very lightly; lie f:iid, that the expedition coniifted of a few ships, which were already armed at the time, whose destination I must be well acquainted with; that the project was now given up, and he wished to infer, that there was therefore no ground of complaint for what had passed. I replied, that 1 knew no more of the destination of this expedition, than what I had learnt from public report, which was, that it was meant to convey troops to quell an insurrection in Biscay; but that it had appeared to me so incredible that ships of war should be armed to carry forces to a province, which had no ports to receive them, which was already in the possession of their troops, and which was so situated, that the march by land might be performed in a much shorter time than w'as neceflliry for preparing for and making the voyage; that I had not ventured to write this report home to my Government. M. Cevallos however allured me that this was the delign, and, extravagant as it was, the march by land into Biscay of the troops before defiined for the embarkation teems to confirm his assurance. I observed that whatever ini^ht have been the ohjed of this armament, it was equally a breach of the convention which Spain had entered into with England; and as M.

Cevallos maintained that the engagement had been only contr \d< d for not aiming against Great Britain, 1 referred him to rny lumber's note of the 18th February, in which the reflation of all armaments i* demanded in the cleared terms. I told him at the same time, that if he was now' inclined to dilpute this point, I mult revert to tbj ju-flructions upon which the demand was framed, and which were to the full as positive us those which I had now received, lie piotelted againA the extravagance of such a prcteiflion, which he Ibid would reduce them to the lowed state of humiliation if Spain could not arm to repel the insults of a foreign enemy, or to quell her own rebellious subjects. I repeated the assurances of His Majesty's dispolitrim to make every possible conccflion in favour of Spain; but that this was an engagement; which the security of His Kingdom called for, and that Spain might rely upon its being pushed no further than that object required. Finding that it wfas needless to attempt drawing any satisfactory assurance from M. Cevallos in convention, I told him that my instrudions related likewise to some other important points; that if lie pleased I would read them over to him, after winch, if he thought it necessary, I would deliver to him in writing a luminary of their contents.

In treating of the subject of the Money furnished to France, he affected much surprize at its being considered merely as a temporary measure, and asked from whence my Court could have got that idea, of w'hich he himself disclaimed any share. I told him that 1 knew my brother had repeatedly received funilar assurances at the very time when the treaty was negotiating from a person high in authority, whose assurances were then esteemed authentic, and that as such he had trail knitted them to his Government. M. Cevallos repeated that they had no such views; that the Treaty was concluded for the whole of the present war; that it contained no article whatever hostile to Great Britain; and as to the amount of the Subsidies, he could only repeat what he had already said, and what M.Anduagahad hated to your I.ordflup, that they Are calculated with a reference to the expc^ce of furnishing the succours ltipulated by Treaty. This assurance he said, he trufled, I should think futlicient, and that England would so far do just ice to the good faith of the Spanish Cabinet as to pronounce herself satisfied with such a declaration. I observed to him, that my Government was already in possession of thus much information upon the subject, when my pretent instrudions were forwarded to me, and therefore that I must expect a r.ioi e explicit answer,’ or comply with the orders’to demand my puflports , that in the terms in which lie dated it, the amount of the succour lupuLted w.is without any limit, flnee the Treaty provides that in case of necessity the auxiliary Power is liable to be called upon to aflilt her ally with all her forces; in which situation there would be no bounds to the linns which Spain might furnish to tb£ enemy under the denomination of an equivalent for these succours. 1 did not however succeed in obtaining any further explanation upon the subject; and there was in M. Cevallos' maimer, a more decided determination not to give way upon this point, and more disposition to ill humour at being piefled upon it, than upon that of the total collation of all armaments in the ports. He took no other notice of the orders given to Admiral Cochrane, to lliut the port of Ferrol to their ships of war, than by asking me to read that paragraph a lccond tunc; and when I had linished the Dispatcli, he said, that Spain would continue to a d with the fame good faith which Ihe had always hitherto done; that England ought to be perfectly at case upon the subject of the Armament, which had never been of any consequence, and was now laid aside; that upon the question of the Sub/idics, /lie had all the fiitis-fitdion that flie could reufonably respiire; and that it was time that lhe herself should give some assurance of her own dispositions, without which a Neutrality, restless and disturbed as that which Spain now polVeffes, would prove as prejudicial to the country as War i tie If.

I answered, that the dispositions of my Government towards Spain were not less friendly than they had always been, and that it was to the condhd of Spain herself that lie must attribute the unsettled flat# of the connection between the two countries; nor could it be otherwise, as long as Ihe maintained this reserve upon a point which afteers so efl’entially the interests of Great Britain as that of her pecuniary engagements with France: and I left him, by saying, that I hoped that upon consideration he would fee it in the fane light, and that i should receive a more satisfactory answer to the Note which I should transmit to him, than I had been able to obtain from the conference. Your Ixirdship will observe an interval of some days between this conference and the date of my Note, during which I have been confined by a return of indif which disabled me from writing; having however flated so fully before hand the nature of my iu it ructions to M. Cevallos, I am in hopes that no time will have been loft by this cipcumftance, and thut I shall receive his answer as soon as if my Note bad been presented immediately after our conference.

I have the honour to be, &c.

, B. Trcrc.

(Juclosure

45 Geo. III. Appendix.

56l

(Inclosure in No. 18.)

Translation of a Note from B. Frere, Esquire, to Don Pedro Cevallos.

Sir, * Efcuriul, 26th October 1804.

lx consequence of the desire your Excellency has expressed to me, I have the honour to transmit to you in writing the substance of the representations which I have been directed by my Government to make to you.

It is with equal ftfrprife and concern that 11 is Britannic Majesty received the account of the naval preparations which have been currying on in the ports of Spain, having on His part omitted nothing, from the very commencement of hostilities with France, which could contribute to remove from Spain tkofe calamities of a War, in which, owing to her Treaties, /lie was in fad placed in the number of H is enemies. Nothing, indeed, could have induced His Majesty to persevere in this system of moderation, except the fame benevolent motive, supported by a disposition to give credit to the assurances of the Spanifti Government, that the fuins furnished to France were only paid under the idea of gaining time, until circumstances would enable her to follow a system more congenial to her wiihcs and her interests.

His Majesty has repeatedly requested a communication of the engagements concluded with France; but the only unfwer has uniformly been a vague assurance, that, whatever might be the amount of the sums to be paid by Spain, they were calculated according to the eliimate of what the succours, naval and military, stipulated by Treaty, would amount to. But Iris Majesty has never been furnished with any means of judging, whether these payments are in fad only a fair equivalent for those succours, or whether they so far exceed it, as to render it necessary to conOder Spain a principal in the War.

In this state of uncertainty, His Majesty has been compelled expressly to reserve to Hinilelf the full right to regulate his conduct towards Spain according to the appearance of circumstances at the moment. But he has ever declaied, unequivocally, that the discontinuance of all naval preparations, on the part of that Power, was an indispensable condition of the continuance of His moderation. Such a declaration having been made, it would be difficult to account for a naval armament, on the part of Spain, in such a manner as to teconcile it with her pretended system of neutrality; and it becomes impossible to consider the present armament, which was unaccompanied by any explanation, in any other light than as a measure decidedly hostile, and which calls upon His Majesty to take, without delay, every step which prudence may dictate, and more especially to give orders to His Admiral off Ferrol, to prevent any Spanish ship of War from entering or leaving that port.

His Majesty s uniform conduct towards Spain has abundantly proved His ardent desire to carry His moderation to the utmost extent, which a due regard for the interests and security of Mis people will permit. But His Majesty cannot depart from the declarations which lie has made, nor permit that Spain shall enjoy all the advantages of Neutrality, whilst /he wages a twofold war against Him;first, by furnishing to Ills enemies unlimited pecuniary succours; and, secondly, by compelling llim to divert a part of His mi /ai force from acting against the enemy, in # order to watch the armaments which are preparing in ports pretending to be neutral.

I have in consequence received orders from Ills Majesty, to require of the Spanish Government the immediate recal of all the orders which have been given at Ferrol, at Cadiz, or at Carthagena, as well for the equipment of /hips, as for fending reinforcement from one to the other of those ports, and not only that such preparations be flopped, but that the naval armaments in all the ports of Spain shall be put precisely on the fame footing as before the commencement of hostilities between England and France.

I flatter myself, that I shall not be under the necessity of announcing to your Excellency, more formally than I have hitherto done, what must be the inevitable consequences of a refusal of this demand. If it is fully complied with, I can answer for the intentions of His Majesty to send to Madrid a Minister authorized to difeufs, in an amicable manner, evfery other fobjed of dil'pute; but Hill this discussion cannot take place unless Spain be prepared to give a distinct explanation of her engagements with France, and of the system which lhe proposes to adopt, according to which His Majesty may be enabled to judge of the nature of the relations which /hould subsist between Him and his Catholic Majesty.

Yaur Excellency may conceive the impatience with which I shall *xped your answer; and some days having already elapsed since I bad the honour to converse with you on the subject of this Note, I hope that your decision has been already taken, and that I may flatter myself in some degree to have contributed towards the extindion of the daily alarms which trouble the good understanding between the two countries, and which are the necelVury consequence of the *bftinacy of Spain in refusing to give that satisfaction so justly due to the conduct of His Britannic Majesty.

His Excellency Don Pedro Cevallus, (Signed) B. Frere.

&c. &c< &c,

No. ig.

Dispatch from B. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Harrowby; dated Madrid, 8th November 1804.

My Lord,

I have the honour to inclose a Copy and Translation of Mr. Cevallos' answer to my note of the 26th, which was delivered to me on the morning of the 30th. Your Lordftup will find, that neither this Note, nor the paper winch it inclosed, and which is a copy of Mr. Cevallos' instrudions to Mr. Anduaga, contain any satisfaction whatever upon the two principal points; vi2. a stipulation to abstain from all naval preparation *, and a disposition to enter upon some fuller explanation of their pecuniary engagements with France. On the contrary, Mr. Cevallos observes to Mr. Anduaga, that the expla* nations which have been given upon the latter point are sufficient, if the complaints of England are made with good faith; and throughout both Papers there is a tone of irritation, which (hews a disposition far from conciliatory. Under these circumstances I have thought that my instrudions left me no choice, but to repeat distinctly my former proposals, and at the same time to demand my passports, if they were not acceded to. This I accordingly did* without the least' delay in the Note, of which the inclosed is a copy; and having observed that Mr. Cevallos afteded to attach the highest importance to a (light and, I am persuaded, accidental variation between the conditions which I was instructed to demand, and the Convention before agreed to, I trust that I shall not be thought to have taken too much upon myself in venturing to make the alteration necessary for reconciling them. Having delivered this Note, I returned to Madrid to finish my preparations for dispatching the Messenger, and expecting in the interval to receive Mr. Cevallos' reply. Alter having waited in vain till the 2d, 1 determined to write again to him, to press him for an answer, and accordingly lent the Note, N° 5, by Courier, who returned the next day (the 3d), bringing me Mr. Cevallos' Note, of which I inclose a Copy and Translation, and in which, after a very formal introduction, and much parade of precision in the terms of his answer, he leaves the two principal questions exactly in the same state as before. I, therefore, on the fame day returned a /hort Note, repeating my demand, for passports, of which no notice having been# taken, on the evening of the 5th, I determined once more to fend the Messenger down to the Escurial with a ft ill more pressing renewal of my application; and after having been delayed upwards of two days, he returned this morning, bringing me my passports, which were accompanied by the inclosed Note (No. 10.). In consequence of this, 1 propose to leave Madrid on the day after tomorrow, and Mr. Hunter will follow me as soon as he conveniently can I am an* willing to delay the Messenger a moment longer than is necessary for making your Lordship acquainted with the final determination of the Spanish Government; but I cannot help expressing my confidence, that His Majesty’s Government will not fee, in the courfa of this negotiation, any foundation for the charge of precipitation, which is brought against me by Mr. Cevallos. If 1 have any apprehension, it is left my hopes that a more deliberate reflexion upon the fatal consequences of a rupture, and a due sense of the moderation of the proposals made by His Majesty with a view of avoiding such an extremity, would induce this government to admit my demands, /hould have led me to be less decided than the urgent terms of my instrudions will strictly justify.

I have the honour to be, See. See.

(Signed) B. Frere.

The Right honourable Lord Harrowby,

&c. See, See.

Appendix,

(No. 4.) 24* Janvarii,

contimiedi

(First Inclosure in No. 19.)

Translation of a Note from Don Pedro Cevallos to B. Frere, Esquire; dated San Lorenzo, 29th October 1804.

Sir,

As soon as you knew that preparations were making at Ferrol for the transport of troops, ignorant, without doubt, of their destination, you sent a Note to me, expressing the apprehensions which this occurrence inspired, and demanding from me an explanation of the intentions of Spain.

I gave you such as the circumstances permitted^ and folly sufficient to tranquillize your apprehensions, alluring you that his Majesty had no ideas that could offend the harmony and constant friendship offered to His Britannic Majesty.

Nothing was more natural than that the British Cabinet should have waited the result of the representations made by its Minister to the King, my master, disregarding in the mean time all advices which were not authentic, and paying this deference to the tried good faith of the Spanifti Cabinet. Unhappily it has not been so; for, without other than mercantile advices, which are generally fabricated through interest, the English Government has formed its complaints, laying down, as certain, the fad of an armament, and styling it hostile; whereas its object was not so, neither, as it was, did it take effect.

Notwithstanding that I had tranquillized the apprehension# which

7 D

562

Appendix

A. 1805,

Appendix,

(No. 4.) 24° Jonuanf,

continued.

you flicwcd that this armament ca>:fed in you, his Majesty having learnt iiom the conference which I hah with you, that the Court oi liondon being ill informed, raised complaints which are as ill founded as they are uucomormable to the true deligns of Spain; by his royal order I have lent to Don Joseph D’Amliui a, his Miniftter at that * Court, the proper instructions, with a view to did:fate the npprehen-fions of Great Britain, and declaring the true imr.t:, of the engagements of Spain in favour of France, and likewd'e 111 favour of England, as you will fee by the copy which I have the honour to indole.

By its contents you will be undeceived, in finding that Spain has not given the Subliches to France with a view to gain time, and of Waiting for an opportunity of displuying a system more analogous to her wishes, as you have permitted youvidf to ai'ei t; it being dillicult to conceive how you can ailboiate the idea of momentary Sublitlies, and such as are fwrnilfied purely in expectation, with the knowledge and alibi ance of there having been concluded a Treaty of Subsidies between Spain and France, equivalent to the naval and military fuc-Cours determined by the alliance of the two nations, for the case of the present War.

England agreed to the Neutrality of Spain, upon condition that she should cease her armaments, which Ibouid remain in the date in which they were at the time of the Convention; and notwithstanding its lprcnied terms and religious obfevvance of it ))y the Spanish Government, you claim that the armaments should be reduced in the ports of this kingdom to the ltate in which they were before the beginning of holfilitics between England and France. The King cannot but fee in this demand a notorious infraction of the Convention of Neutrality prnposed by England herself, and in this view he orders me to direct his Mimfier in London to protest against a pretension, which is the more unseasonable, inasmuch as the apprehensions are greater of a desire on the part of England to alter the ftipuluted relations between herself and Spain#

It is a measur not less infrartory which you tell me your Government have taken, in order that the Commander of the fleet before Perrol should prevent the failing of the Sp.tniih ships of war which are in that port, and the entrance of others of the fame description. This measure, besides being nugatory (liippefing the good faith of Spain), is otfenfive to her honour and dignity, and truly hostile. In which view, I communicate to the King’s Manlier an order to protefi againl't it, and to exurt from the English Cabinet clear and precise explanations concerning her ideas with regard to Spain, whole Neutrality is absolutely unproductive, if die is to continue in the uncertain, agitated, and equivocal state in which she has hitherto been.

* (Signed) Pedi o Cevallos.

Tht Charge d’Affaires of His Britannic Majesty.

(Second Inclosijrc in No. 19.),

Tnmflation of a Note from Don Pedro Cevallos to Don Jofrph de Anduaga; dated San Lorenzo, 26th October 1804.

Sir,

The assurances which England has received from Spain upon her exartness in fulfilling the tlipulated Neutrality, and the good faith which is as it were characterillic of the Spanish Cabinet, ought to have inspired the British Cabinet with more circurn (portion, lb as not to give credit to the unauthentic news of armaments in Cadiz and Ferrol. Spain obliged herself to cease her arming, and I he, has fulfilled it, since the two or three vedlls which she thought to destine to the couft of Biscay were armed before the epoch of the agreed ceffation of armamenis.

The idea of this agreement was to afifire Great Britain, that Spain, under the colour of Neutrality, should riot arm her ships to unite them to those of F’rance when it might suit that Power. To with by this agreement that Spain should not arm even when Hie fees herself offended by any Power, or when the tranquillity of the ltate requiies it, is to drain the Letter and spirit of the Treaty, and to dilregard the invariable principles which declare and explain Treaties between Sovereigns. In such a case the lot of a neutral Power, considered until now as the most advantageous, would be the moll fatal. Iler enemies might commit hostilities againsther with impunity; her lub-jerts might refuse fidelity to the Sovereign, allured that force could not reduce them to their duty. Under these principles, and granting for a moment the reality of the supposed new armaments, it would have been becoming that the English Cabinet, leis apt to give credit to news (which is ealily fabricated by those who are discontcnted with the Peace, or those who make it contribute to mercantile profit) should have asked of Spain what were her designs, before five made public demonstrations of suspicion and distrust, always injurious to the mutual commerce of the two nations. On the other hand, Hie ought to believe that her Minister would ask, as in effect he did ask, in proper time, explanations of this much-talked of (decantado) armaments, which were given conformably to what 1 have said; and by these the Endish Government will have confirmed itself in the confidence which it owes to the promises of His Majesty. In this conception I replied to the English Charge d'Affaires, who read to me the Dilbatch

of his Government. He renews the solicitation that I should declare to him the sum which, under the title of Subsidies, is contributed to France, as an eqaivalent for the ftlccourS stipulated by the Treaty of Alliance > and I have repeated to him what on this point I have laid to your Excellency, and it is what is futheient if the complaints are inado in good faith, and if it is wished to do justice to that which is as it Were the characterillic of the Spanish Government.

That Government has also raised a doubt, whether our Subsidy in favour of France is indefinite, or limited to the time of the present War; and I have answered, that it does hot extend to other War9 than the present. In fine, I told him that England miglrt rely on the morality and good faith of Spain in the fulfilling of her obligations, but without giving to them an extension that humiliates and degrades her from the rank that belongs to her; that Great Britain was the most interested in not altering the state of Neutrality with thi$ kingdom, from which by commerce Ihe draws i'mmenfe sums with which she maintains her fleets; that the prejudices are incalculable which (lie brings upon our commerce, by her exaggerated complaints and unfounded suspicions of the idea$ and views attributed to the Spanish Government, since, being known and published by those who derive benefit from them, they prevent the merchant from giving to his negotiations all the activity of which they are susceptible; that Spain having complied with the two condition^, nalAely, cefiation of armaments, and prohibition of the sale of prizes in her poits, under which Great Britain promiied to respect the N eutrality, it becomes absolutely necessary that this Po wer should adopt towards Spain a style of greater fnmkness; and that, in like manner, as we have protested that we will maintain our pacific relations with England, so aHb she should confirm to us clearly and definitively that her views are equally pacific, and the more so, when she has leen that we have not infringed any of the conditions of the Neutrality agreed on.

All which, by royal order, I transfer to the notice of your Excellency for your information, and the correspondent use in your con-‘ ferences and convcrfat 10ns with that Minitiry.

(Signed) Pedro Cevallos.-

Don Joseph dc Anduaga,

&c. &c. &c.

(Third Inclosure in No. 19.)

Translation of a Note from B. Frere, Esquire, to Don Pedro Cevallos.

Sir, Escurial, 30th October 1804.

I have had the honour of receiving your Excellency’s Note of yesterday’s date, inclosing copy of a letter to M. d'Anduaga, in which I fee no hope which can justify the prolongation of my residence here; and I should in consequence confine myfeli to follow the orders of my Court, by requeuing my passports, if I did not think it my duly previously to notice foine false conceptions which your Excellency has formed as to the relations which fubfilt between England and Spain, according to which, it would not be difficult for me to repel the charge of precipitation, which your Excellency has call on the recent conduct of my Government.

Y our Excellency speaks of the Neutrality of Spain, and argues thereupon, as if it were a circumstance agreed upon between the two Powers; whereas no mention whatever has been made of it, either in the propositions contained in the Note of His Britannic Majesty's Minister of the 18th of February, nor in any other part of his correspondence. His Britannic Majesty has in fart announced to the Spanish Government the conditions without which it would be absolutely impossible for him any longer to pursue that system of forbearance which he has hitherto followed; but he has never offered to Spain the hope of a Neutrality, which Treaties, even with his enemies, render her incapable of enjoying. Spain has been placed on her proper looting, that is to lay, on that of a Power with whom there was aluf-psnsion of hostilities; and the agreement made under this idea hod for its object not only, as your Excellency lays, to prevent the equipment of her ships of war, and their junrt ion with the French forces, but also to place herself in a better position both often five and defen-live with respect to England, than that in which she found lierfelt at the commencement of hostilities; and how could she expect to fee herself more closely connected with England, whillt her engagements with its enemies, and the sums with which fhefurnished them, remained a secret to England. True it is, that His Britannic Majesty has* received vague alTuranc.e3 as to the amount of these sums } but thef* assurances are insufficient to enable him to decide upon the nature of the permanent relations which should fubfilt between him and hi* Catholic Majesty, especially as, should tliele assurances be exart, no reaion remains to refule the communication of the Treaty, since your Excellency has allured me, that it does not contain any stipulatiotf hostile to Great Britain.

I have had the honour to inform your Excellency, that nothing could have engaged His Majesty to persevere in his fyltem of moderation, but his well-known benevolence, supported by a disposition to give credit to the assurances of the Spanish Government, that the pay* inerts funtilfied to France were only made in the intention of gaining

45 Geo. III.

time, and till circumstances would enable her* to follow a system more congenial to her interests -and her wiihcs. Your Excellency does not appear to comprehend, whence 1 have derived this act er t urn *, and although I should have supposed, that I hud already pointed out its source so clearly as to exculpate myielf irom the imputation of having fabricated it myself, I mull iniorm you, that his Excellency the Prince of the Peace gave liruilar ufiurunces to the Minister of His Britannic. Majesty, whenever mention was made of the payment of the Subsidies to France. It appears to be since uiccrtuined, that the ullur-lances of his Excellency were not those of his Government, by which therefore it cannot be called upon to abide: but this explanation will \Joubtleis make an ellential alteration in the ideas of mv Government respecting the future projects of Spain, which must henceforward he tonlidered as irrevocably connected with France, during the whole war by a Treaty of Subsidy, the stipulations of which flie w ill not avow.

In this state of inquietude; which is the natural consequence of the silence observed by Spain as to its engagements with the enemy, His Britannic Majesty, having received from his Admiral oft Ferrol authentic accounts of an armament fitting out in that port, was in nowise called upon to wait for the explanations that Spain might offer thereon, and which have nevefbeen offered; it is sufficient, in order to justify the measures which He has taken, nay frill more decisive ones, to know that an armament was fitting out, and that the engagements were violated.

I have thus endeavoured to give an cxa& idea of the nature of the relations which have fubfilied between the two countries from the commencement of hoftihties with France, since it is from this consideration alone, that a just opinion can be formed of the present conduct of the two Governments; and if your Excellency is not prepared to give me an assurance, that no armament whatever shall be carried on in the ports of Spain; that the flops of war shall be put jirecifely in the slate in which they were at the conclusion of the Convention with England; that no alteration shall take place in the distribution of force, nor indeed any naval preparation; if your Excellency is not ready, at the fame, time, to aflord my Government the satisfaction which I have had the honour to demand, as to the engagements with France, I must consider my employment here as at an end, and there only remains for me the painful duty of requesting your Excellency to fend the necessary passports for myself and servants, in order to return as soon as possible to England.

Your Excellency complains of my having in my Note demanded the reduction of the marine to the state in which it was previous to the War, whilst the period pointed out in the Convention for fixing the establishment to which it was to be reduced, was that of the Convention itself. It is true, that this first period was named in my in-flruftions; but bearing in mind tjiat another has been already agreed upon, and too well convinced of the good faith of my Government to believe that the substitution could have been made otherwise than by mistake, I have not hesitated to restore the period of the Convention, too happy, if this trifling change can remove any obltacle to the fotisfattion of my demands.

I have, Sec.

His Excellency Don Pedro Cevallos, B. Frcrc.

&c. See. Sec.

(Fourth Inclosure in No. 19.)

Translation of a Note from B. Frere, Esquire, to Don Pedro Ccvallos.

Sir, Madrid, 2d November 1804.

According to the precise t^rms in which the demands I had the honour to make to your Excellency, in my Note of the ,30th u!t. were couched, and which admitted of no modification, I ought already to have received from your Excellency cither a favourable answer, or passports for my departure; my instructions are too prelling to allow me to defer any longer the repetition of my demands, and at the fume time to request your Excellency, if you arc unable to give ine full satisfaction on them, to have the goodncls to fend, in addition to those I have already demanded, passports for Mr. Hunter and his family, together with an order to the Governor of the Council to afford them, as well as myself, such a guard as shall be necessary to escort us to the frontiers.

The Messenger who carries this letter waits for your Excellency's cnlwer, which I hope you will have th* goodness to dispatch to me in the course of the evening.

(Signed) B. Frere.

To his Excellency Don Pedro Ccvallos,

See. See. Sec.

(Fifth Inclosure in No. 19.)

Translation of a Note from Don Pedro Ccvallos to B. Frere, Esquire; dated Su Lorenzo, 3d November 1804.

Srr,

I have received the two Notes which you were pleased to address Jb me, dated the 30th Ocloberlaft, and the 2d inty and having giyen

mdlx

4

account to the King, iny xnafter, of their contents, I hav&the honour to declare to you, that Spain has given constant proofs of good correspondence with Great Britain, of her fidelity in observing the Treaty of Neutrality, (called by you a lufpension of hofiilities, though they have not disturbed the state of peace since the Treaty of AmicnS,) and has completely done away the apprehensions, which England founded upon vague accounts* of armaments which neither did exist, her, if they had existed, hud any tendency prejudicial to the tranquillity of Great Britain.

Appendix} (No. 4.)

24* January

continued.

J

And although these three points are satisfied in my Note of the 29th of October lull, Hill his Majesty is willing to make a fresh sacrifice to Peace, carrying his royal eondefeension to the point which you desire, and ordering me to satisfy ybur questions as I do, in the mbit unequivocal manner; saying,

To the first.—That Spain, in consequence of the Treaty of Neutrality, concluded the i9thOdober 1803, will make no armament contrary to the said Convention.

To the second.—That there is not a greater number of ftiips armed than there was at the epoch of the said Convention.

To the third.—That no change, infraciory of the Neutrality, shall be madb in the distribution of the /hips already armed; nor is it likely that there shorld be any need to change the said distribution; under the flippoiition of Neutrality.

To the fourth.—That the Treaty of Subsidies with France contains nothing ofienlive to our Neutrality with Great Britain; and that the Subsidies are equivalent to what would be the expence of the naval and military succours, {Updated in the Treaty of Alliancfe with the French Republic.

As my answers arc not less distinct than satisfactory, for they bava been formed in no other fryle than that of good faith, I think 1 have a fre/h right to be satisfied by you in regard to the ineasure taken by the British Cabinet, in ordir that the Commander of if s forces before Ferrol should prevent the entrance of the Spanish flops in the said port; a complaint winch I have not had the honour to fee satisfied by you, as becomes a meafiue which carries with it miflrull of the Spanish Government, and offends its honour and dignity, bylhackling the exercise of its domestic authority.

I do not believe that you will have any difficulty in recognizing the violence of which this measure of your Government partakes, when I observe, by your Note of the 30th, (which did not reach me till after a delay of two days,) that your good faith and conciliatory spirit have prompted you to do away the equivocation which there was in the insti unions of your Court, with regard to the epoch which is to regulate the reduction of the maritime forces of Spain, making a due appreciation of niv observations, which were founded in the express determination of the compact of Neutrality.

(Signed) Pedro CetalloL

The Charge iTAffaires of England.

(Sixth Inclosure in No. 19.)

Translation of a Note from B. Frere, Esquire, to Don Pedro’ Cevallos.

Sir, Sladrid, 3d November 1804.

I have just had the honour of receiving j‘our Note* of this day; and I am concerned to remark, that upon the two principal points it is as equivocal and as little futisfa&ory as those which preceded it. Your Excellency gives me no answer whether you wall or not enter into an engagement that no armament whatever shall be fitted out in the Spanish ports, referring me only to the terms of a Convention, upon the force of which we are by no means agreed, your Excellency maintaining that the engagement not to arm was not a general one, (which I require,) but that it merely referred to armaments against Great Britain. I fee also with regret that 1 have not advanced a Angle step on the question of the Subsidies granted to France. The answer which your Excellency now gives me is the fame which was returned to tlife first representations of my Government on this point, and it is absolutely impossible for me to transmit it as satisfactory, or to withdraw my request for passports.

(Signed) B. Frere.

His Excellency Don Pedro Cevallos,

Sec. Sec. See.

(Seventh Inclosure in No. 19.)

Translation of a Note from B. Frere, Esquire, to Don Pedro Cevallos.

Sir, Madrid, 5th November 1804.

Perceiving, by your Excellency's Note of the 3d instant, that you had nothing satisfactory to offer to me on the demands which I had made to you in the name of my Government, I reauefted you anew, on that very day, to fend me the passports necessary for my departure. It becomes at last absolutely imlifpenfable to put an end to the uncertainty of my Government on the success of my eftui ts; und these delays, which at first appeared to indicate a more fa\ourable disposition, and to pi oniife that satisfadiofi which I demanded, cannot 11

564

Appendix

A. 1805

Appendix, (No. 4.) 14° Janua

continued.

now be regarded in this light. I mud therefore protest, in the mod formal manner, against this conduct on the part of the Spanish Cabi--net; and, at the same time, announce to your Excellency my belief that his Catholic Majesty does not wiih I should be reduced to the very extraordinary alternative, either of departing without passports, or of remaining at Madrid, my functions being at an end; for 1 mult consider them as such, when I do not receive full satisfaction to the demands of my Government.

(Signed) JB. Frcre.

P. S.—The Messenger who carries this letter has ray orders to wait for those of your Excellency.

To his Excellency Don Pedro Cevallos,

Sec. &c. &c.

(Eighth Inclosure referred to in No. 19,)

Translation of a Note from Don Pedro Cevallos to B. Frere, Esquire; dated St. Lorenzo, 7th November 1804.

Sir,

/ His Catholic Majesty has seen with concern, by your Note of the 5th, the violent determination which you ha^e taken to break the thread of the functions of your million, by departing as soon as you receive the passport, which you have asked for that purpose. His Majesty cannot deny you the palTports, which he orders me to expedite immediately, and I inclose them for yourself and family, and for that of Mr. Hunter, the Canful General, and the order necefihry for the escort which you asked for; but, at the same time, I have to say to you, by his royal order, that this Government not having given the slighted motive for your resolution, but, on the contrary, every explanation which is suitable to the llate of our connection with Great Britain, he cannot but look upon you as responsible for the result of your precipitate resolution.

(Signed) Pedro Cevallos.

The Charge d’Affaires of England.

No. 20.

Extract of an Order from the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to Vice Admiral Lord Viscount Nelson; dated the 18th May 1803.

As it is highly important that your Lordship should be watchful of the conduct of the Court of Spain in the present moment, you are to direct your attention to the naval preparations that may be making in the several ports of that kingdom in the Mediterranean, as also at Cadiz, and to take every practicable means for obtaining, from time to time, all the intelligence you may be able to collect on that subject.

Your Lordship is to take care that no interruption be offered by any of the ships or vessels under your command to any Spanish {hips of war or trade, while they conduct themselves m a manner becoming a neutral nation. But, at the same time, your Lordship is to under-Hand, that however desirable it may be to avoid any measure of hostility against that country, you are not to suffer any squadron of Spanish ships of war to enter a French port, or to form a junction with any squadron, or ships or vessels of that or the Batavian Republic.

and if in consequence of your correspondence with Rear Admiral Cochrane, you should be of opinion that the force under the Itear Admiral is not adequate to the purposes above-mentioned, you ur* without delay to reinforce the squadron under his command, and measures will be taken, with all possible expedition, to send out to you a sufficient number of ships to replace the force which you may so detach.

You are to fend intimation to the Spanish Government, through Rear Admiral Cochrane, of the instrudions. you have given to the Rear Admiral, and of your determination in consequence thereof to refill, under the present circumstances, the failing either of the French or Spanish Fleets, if any attempt for that purpose should be made by either of them-

And whereas information has been received that some frigates are speedily expected to arrive at Cadiz loaded with treasure from South America, you are to lose no time in detaching two of the frigates under your command, with orders to their Captains to proceed with all possible dispatch off Cadiz and the entrance of the Straits, and to ui’e their bed endeavours, in conjunction with any of His Alajeft/s {hips they may find there, to intercept, if possible, the vessels in which the above-mentioned treasure may be contained, and to detain them until His Majesty’s pleasure shall be further known.

Given, &c. 18th September 1804.

(Signed) J. Gambler.

J. Colpoys.

To the Hon. William Cornwallis, P. Patton.

Admiral of the White, 6cc. &c. &c. off Bred.

By, &c. Jd Barrow.

No. 23.

(Secret.)

Letter from W. Marfden, Esquire, Secretary of the Admiralty to the senior Officer of His Majesty’s {hips off Cadiz, respecting the detention of Spanish ships with treasure; dated Admiralty Office, 19th September 1804.

Sir,

My Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty having ordered the Honourable William Cornwallis, commander in chief of His Majesty'* {hips and vessels off Brest, to fend immediately two frigates to cruize off Cadiz and the entrance of the Straits, for the purpose of intercepting and detaining, until His Majesty’s pleasure shall be further known, some frigates which are speedily expected to arrive at Cadiz, loaded with treasure from South America; I have it in command from their Lordships to signify their direction to you to co-operate by every means in your power with the captains of the two frigates, which may be sent out by Admiral Cornwallis, as above-mentioned, in carrying the orders they have received from the said Admiral into execution.

In case of your falling in with the vessels having the said treasure on board, it is their Lordships direction, that you uie your best endea-yours to detain them until further orders.

I am. Sir,

Your most humble servant,

Senior Officer of His Majesty’s {hips W. Marfden*

cruizing off Cadiz.

No. 21.

Extract of a Letter from Sir Evan Nepean, Baronet, to Vice Admiral Lord Viscount Nelson, k. b.; dated Admiralty Office, the 13th January 1804.

I am commanded by my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to acquaint your Lordship, that in consequence of the intelligence which has recently been received of the hofule preparations which are now making in the different ports of Spain* their Lordships have deemed it expedient to reinforce the squadron under your Lordships command.

The proceedings of Spain, on the occasion I have mentioned to your Lordship, will naturally engage your very serious attention; and their Lordships rely with confidence, that you will keep your squadron in such a (late as to be at all times ready to a#, as the circumstances and situation of affiurs may appear to require.

No. 22.

Older from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Honourable W.Cornwallis, Admiral of the White, 61c. See. Scc.; dated the 18th September 1804.

(Most fee ret.) By, Sec.

You are hereby required and directed to give immediate orders to Rear Admiral Cochrane, to continue the blockade of the port of Ferrol with the utmost vigilance, not only with the view of preventing the French squadron from escaping from that port, but likewise with a view of preventing any of the Spanish ships of war from failing from Ferrol, or any additional ships of war from entering that port;

No. 24.

Letter from \V. Marfden, Esquire, to the Commanders in Chief in the Mediterranean, the Leeward Jllands, ani Jamaica; dated the 19th September 1804.

My Lord,

I have it in command from my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, to fend you herewith the copy of their Lordships order, of yesterday’s date, to Admiral Cornwallis, respecting the blockade gf the port of Ferrol, and to signify their direction to you, to take such measures of precaution as may be necefikry for opposing or counteracting any hostile attempts of the Government or subjects of Spain against His Majesty's dominions, or the trade of His Majesty’s fub-jects within the limits of your command.

Your Lordship is, however, not to suffer any act of hostility or aggression (with the exception of detaining, for further orders, ship* having treasure on board belonging to the Spanish Government) to bn committed by the ships under your command towards the dominion* or subjects of Spain, until you receive further orders, or until your Lordship shall have received, from unquestionable authority, positive information of hostilities having been committed by the subjects oi Spain against His Majesty’s interests.

I have the honourto be, &c. See. See.

W. Marfdev.-

* Vice Admiral Lord Viscount Nelson, k. b.

Similar Letters to Vice Admiral Sir J.T. Duckworth, k. d. Jamaica

Commodore Sir Samuel Hood, k. b. Leeward Islands.

No. 25.

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix.

565

No. 25.

Order to the Honourable Admiral Cornwallis, off Brest, for detaining Spanish Ships laden with Naval or Military Stores, dated the 25th September 1804.

By the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, &c.

iv addition to our secret orders to you of the 18th instant, for detaching two of the frigates under yotir command to cruize off Cadiz and the entrance of the Straits, for the purpose of intercepting and detaining the vessels therein mentioned, expected shortly to arrive with treasure trom South America, you are hereby required and directed to give orders to the respective Captains and Commanders of all His Mnjelr/s ships and vessels under your command, to keep a vigi-hmt look out, and, upon falling in with any Spanish flaps or vessels laden with naval or military stores, to detain them, and either to fend or bring them into the neavelt port in England, there 10 remain until Uis Majesty's further pleasure shall be known respecting them.

You are also to direct the said officers, that, upon their bringing or fending, into port any Spanish vessels laden with naval or military it ores as above-mentioned, they transmit to our Secretary, for our information, an account of their having so done.

Given under our hands the 25th September 1804.

(Signed) Melville.

To the Honourable Wm. Cornwallis, J. Colpoys.

Admiral of the White, P. Patton.

&c. &c. &c. off Breff.

By command of their Lordships,

W. Marfden.

No. 26.

Order to the Senior Officer off Cadiz, dated 25th September 1804.

By the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, &c.

In addition to our Secretary's letter to you of the 19th instant, for detaining, till further orders, the ships which were expected to arrive off Cadiz, loaded with treasure from South America; you are hereby required and directed, upon falling in with any ships Or vessels laden with naval or military (lores, to detain them until His Majesty’s further pleasure shall be known respecting them.

Given under our hands, the 25th September 1804.

J. Gambier,

To the Senior Officer of His Majest/s ships J, Colpoys.

cruizing off Cadiz. * P. Patton.

By command of their Lordships,

W. Marfden,

No. 27.

Order to the Commander in Chief in the Mediterranean, the Leeward Klands, and Jamaica, dated the 25th September 1804.

By the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, &c.

Ts addition to our Secretary's letter to your Lordship of the 19th instant, directing you to take such measures of precaution as may be necessary for opposing or counteracting any hostile attempts of the Government or subjects of Spain, and to detain, for further orders, ships having treasure on board belonging to the Spanish Government j your Lordship hereby required and directed to give orders to the respective Captains and Commanders of all His Majesty's ships and vessels under your command, to keep a vigilant look out, and on falling in with any Spanish ships or vessels laden with naval or military stores, to detain them until His Majesty's pleasure lha.Il be known respecting them.

Given under our hands, the 25th September 1804.

J. Gambier.

Lord Viscount Nelson, k. b. J. Colpoys.

Vice Admiral of the White, P* Patton.

&c. &c. &c.

Mediterranean.

By command of their Lordships,

W. Marfden.

Similar order to Vice Admiral Sir J. T. Duckworth, k.b. Jamaica.

Commodore Sir Samuel Hood, k. b. Leeward Iftande.

No. 28.

Letter from William Marfden, Esquire, to the different Commanders in Chief of His Majesty's ships, on th^ subject of the detention of the Spanish Vessels; dated Admiralty-Office, 25th November 1804.

Sir,

It appearing that feme misapprehension has been entertained with regard to the nature and extent of the precautionary orders issued by my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, for the detention, under certain circumstances, of Spanish ships of war; I have it in command from their Lordships, to signify to you, that you are not to detain, in the first instance, any ship belonging to his Catholic Majesty, failing from a port of Spain; but you are to require the Commander of iueh ship to return directly to the port from whence he came, and only in the event of his refuffng to comply with such requisition, you are to detain and fend him to Gibraltar or to England.

* I am further commanded to signify their direction to you, not to detain any Spanish homeward-bound ship of war, unless ffie shall have treasure on board, nor merchant ships of that nation, however laden, on any account whatever.

I am, &e.

Wm Marfden.

No. 29.

Extract of a Letter from Rear Admiral Cochrane to William Marfden, Esq. dated on board His Majesty's ship the Northumberland, off Ferrol; dated 19th August 1804.

As they (the French ships) continue to receive supplies of men by land from France, I conceived it my duty to write to the Captain General of this Province, a copy of which letter 1 here enclose, together with his Excellency’s answer, from which their Lordships will fee that there is little prospect of a stop being put to the parties of French soldiers and seamen passing through the country to join their ships at FerroL

" His Majesty’s Ship Northumberland, off Ferrol; dated " 19 th July 1804.

<c Sir,

" I think it proper to acquaint your Excellency that the French " Gove nment have lately lent parties of soldiers across Spain from " Malaga, in order to reinforce their squadron lying at the Port of " Ferrol; and that they are now fending detachments of seamen, " from ten to fifteen in each party, along the coast, from Rochefort u and Bayonne, for the fame purpose. One division is already arrived " at Ferrol, and another was at Santander on the 12th current.

" As the countenancing such proceedings in a neutral country is i{ directly contrary to the established laws of Nations, I hope I have " only to make it known to your Excellency, to induce you to give " orders to stop those parties of men from proceeding to Ferrol " through the Province under your Excellency’s government; and " that you will be pleased to signify this requisition of mine to the " Governors of the Provinces between this and the frontiers of " France, that due measures may be taken to prevent so direct a " breach of Neutrality. I have also to beg that your Excellency will " be pleased to lay this request of mine before his Catholic Majesty’s" w Ministers at Madrid.

" I have, &c.

u A. Cochranef

" His Excellency Don Francisco Oftaraneo,

" Captain General of Galicia, Corunna.*

Sir, " Corunna, 21ft July 1804,

" I have received your letter of the 19th instant, relative to fho " intelligence which you have received respecting the detachment of " certain numbers of soldiers and sailors being lent from France to " join the French squadron at Ferrol. (

" As I have but very recently taken on me the command of " Captain General, I can only at present say to your Excellency, that " I will take precautions necessary in such cases whenever they may " happen, and act according to the laws of Neutrality, which it is " my wifti to observe, and which are expressly recommended to me " by the royal orders to that effect; and by this pod I have com* " municated to his Catholic Majesty's Ministers the contents of your " letter, as you desire.

I have, &c.

Francisco O&araneof

u To his Excellency Rear Admiral Cochraji* kck &c. kef

7fi

Appendix (No. 4.) 24° Januarii,

continued.

Append

(fco.4.)

M* Janua

‘ continued,

-----1

Appendix.

J. 1805.

No. 30.

Extra# of a Letter from the Honourable Rear Admiral Cochrane to the Honourable Admiral Cornwallis; dated off Ferrol, 3d September 1804.

I enclose a Report just made me of the state of the French squaditm at Ferrol, also that of the Spanish ftiips. From this, and other circumstances, I am led to believe, that more than usual exertions are now making to complete them for sea.

A party of men arrived last night from France, and many more are on their road. Two hundred cannoniers have lately joined;

No. 31.

Extra# of a Letter from the Honourable Admiral Cochran* to William Marfden, Esquira; dated off Ferrol, the 11th September 1804.

Be pleased to acquaint the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, that, in consequence of the hostile afpe# of the French and Spanish squadrons at Ferrol, I have judged it right to detain the Illustrious. There does not remain any doubt that the intentions of the French, Spanish, and Dutch ships of war are, to ad together; and as three first rates are expected from Cadiz, their Lordships will, I hope, approve of my concentrating the force I have under my orders.

(Inclosure in No. 30;)

Lift of the Squadron of Spanish Men of War fitting at Ferrol.

Neptune - - 74 guns.

San Augustin - 74 Monarca - - 74 Vengeance - - 3ft Fruefbo - - - 40 Brugula - - - storeship. Urguifo - - - *4 (corvette) A Brig.

Provisioned for three months.

k Don Caetano Balder ' commands this forced

J

No. 32.

Extra# Of a Letter from Rear Admiral Cochrane to the Honourable Admiral Cornwallis; dated on board His Majesty’s Ship the Northumberland, off Ferrol, the 21ft October 1804.

The Spanish ships here are in the same state as when I wrote last. I now inclose the moil correct Lift that can be obtained of their filiation; by which you will perceive that they are all in a state fit for service

A LIST of all the SPANISH SHIPS of WAR in the Port of Ferrol; October 1804.

Names. Guns. Remarks.

, La Conception ----- 120 In good order, without masts; guns all on board; in the Arfeual.

La Prince of Asturias - - - 120 Newly repaired - D° - - - D° - - - - 1)°.

La Mexicano - 120 In good order - - D°.

La St. Fernando - - - - 90 An old ship newly repaired - - D® - - - - D°.

La Neptano ----- 84 Rigged, and ito good order in the Arsenal.—Complete,

La Monarco ----- 74 D* D° D#.

La St. Augustin .... 74 D° - - - D*.—Sails fall.—Old Ship.—D*.

La St Juan Nepanefceno 74 Just out of dock.—In good order.

La Mantanes - 74 In good order.—Ten years old.

La St. Yldefonfo - - - - 74 Thirteen years old.

La St Franeifco, de Afis - - 74 In dock., and has had a thorough repair.

La St. Felino ----- 74 Sails very fast.—Old, but in good order.

La St. Fulgencia - - - - «4 Old, but in good order.

La Oriente ----- 74 D°, but in order for service.

La St Julian - 64 D* - - - Da.

La Efmeralda - - - - . 44 Frigate.

La Flora ----- 44 Ordered to be docked for immediate service.

La Prueba ----- 44 New.—Never been at sea.—Completely rigged.

La Vengensa ----- 40 Rigged and ready for sea.

La Diana - - - - f - - 40 In good order.—About ten years old.

La Pila ----- 40 In good order. In the Arsenal, there are sixteen or eighteen gun-boats, carrying a long 24-pounder, and thirty men belonging to each. During the last war they had floating-batteries carrying from eight to ten long 24-pounders, with a furnace for heating (hot. One of them lay at Rides the most of the war.

No. 33.

Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Cochrane to the Honourable Admiral Cornwallis; dated on board His Majesty’s Ship the Northumberland, off Ferrol, the 25th October 1804.

The Spanish line of battle ships are in a state so as to be readly in a few days. The baking of biscuit goes on; all their ovens are at work; most of the water is on board; and the shipa are kept in a

moffe immediate state for service than they have been for a twelve-month pail.

The Dugcraytrouin will be out of the dry dock next spring-tide, when the Redoutable goes in. The Fcragneux is nearly ready to come out of the bason. I have reason to think that they have now a fiifRciency of men for four of their line of battle ships, it not the whole.—Parties continue to arrive from France.

DECLARATION.

Fhok the moment that hostilities had commenced between Great Britain and France, a sufficient ground of war against Spain, on the part of Great Britain, necessarily followed from the Treaty of St. UdephraA), if not declaimed by Spain#

That Treaty in fa# identified Spain with the republican government of France, by a virtual acknowledgement of unqualified vallalage, Entt. by specific ftipulaiions of unconditional offence.

By the articles of that Treaty Spain covenanted to furnish a stated contingent of naval and tniKtai^ force for the prdfecuti<*i of any War in which the French Republic might think proper to engage. She specifically surrendered any right or pretension to enquire into the nature, origin, or j off ice of that war. She stipulated, in the first inft&nce, a contingent of troops and ships, which, of itself, comprised no moderate proportion of the means at hpr disposal; but in the

event of this contingent being at any time found insufficient for the purposes of France, she further hnwod berself to put into a state ot a#ivity the utmost force, both by sea and land, that it should be in her power to colie#. She covenanted that this force shouki be at the disposal of France, to be employed conjointly or fcparattly for the annoyance of the common enemy; thus submitting her entire power and resources to be used as the instrumento ot French ambition and aggression, and to be applied in whatever proportion trance might think proper, for the avowed purpose of endeavouring to subvert the Government and destroy the national existence ot Great Britain.

The chara#er of such a Treaty gave Great Britain an incontelriMe right to declare to Spain, that unless (he decidedly renounced the Treaty, or gave ftflurances that (lie would not perform the obligations of it, she would not be considered as a neutral Power-

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix

567

This right, however, for prudential reasons, and from motives of forbearance and tenderness towards Spain, was not exercised in its full extent; and, in consequence of assurances of a pacific disposition on the part of the Spanish Government, His Majesty did not, in the first initauce, infill on a distinct and formal renunciation of the Treaty. It does not appear that any express demand of succour had been made by France before the month of July one thousand eight hundred and three; and on the first notification of the War, His Majesty’s Minister at Madrid was led to believe, in consequence of communica-tions which passed between him and the Spanish Government, that his Catholic Majesty did not consider himself as necessarily bound by the mere fad of the existence of a War between Great Britain and France, without subsequent explanation and difcullion, to fulfil the ltipulatiotis of the Treaty of St. Ildephonfo, though the articles of that Treaty would certainly give rife to a very different interpretation. In the month of October a Convention was signed, by which Spain agreed to pay to France a certain fu^i monthly in lieu of the naval and military succours which they had Stipulated by the Treaty to provide; but of the amount of this sum, or of the nature of any other ilipulations which that Convention might contain, no official information whatever was given.

It was immediately ltated by His Majesty’s Minister at Madrid to the Spanish Government, that a subsidy as large as that which they were supposed to have engaged to pay to France, far exceeded the bounds of forbearance; that it could only meet with a temporary connivance, as, if it was continued, it might prove in fad a greater injury than any other hostility. In reply to these remonstrances, it was represented as an expedient to gain time, and assurances were given which were confirmed by circumstances, which came to His Majesty’s knowledge from other quarters, that the disposition of the Spanish Government would induce them to extricate themselves from this engagement, if the course of events should admit of their doing lb with safety.

When II is Majesty *had first reason to believe that such a Convention was concluded, He directed His Minister at Madrid to declare, that His forbearing to consider Spain as an enemy mull depend in ibme degree upon the amount of the succours, and upon her maintaining a pei fed neutrality in all other rel’peds; but that it would be impossible fur him to consider a permanent payment, to the amount of that which was dated to have been mi agitation, in any other light than as a diced Subsidy of War. His Majesty’s Envoy was directed, therefore, first1 to protest against the Convention, as a violation of Neutrality, and a justifiable cause of War; secondly, to declare, that bur abstaining from hostilities must depend upon its being only a temporary measure, and that we must be at liberty to consider a per-severance in it as a cause of War; thirdly, that the entrance of any French troops into Spain must be refilled; fourthly, that any naval preparation must be a great cause of jealously, and any attempt to give naval assistance to France an immediate cause of War; fifthly, that the Spanish ports must remain open to our commerce, and that our ships of war must have equal treatment with those of France. His Majesty’s Minister was also instructed, if any French troops entered Spain, or if he received authentic information of any naval armaments preparing for the assistance of France, to leave Madrid, and to give immediate notice to our naval commanders, that they might proceed to hostilities without the delay that might be occasioned by a reference home.

The execution of these instrudions produced a variety of difeuftions; during which His Majesty’s Minister told Mr. Ccvallos, in answer to his question, Whether a continuance of such pecuniary succours to France would be considered as a ground of War, and whether he was authorized to declare it ? that he was so authorized, and that War would be the infallible consequence.

It was, however, still thought definable by His Majesty to protrad, if possible, the decision of this question; and it was therefore stated in the instrudions to His Minister at Madrid, that as the luhfidy was represented by the Spanish Government to be merely a temporary measure, His Majesty might still continue to oveilook it for a time; but that His decision in this respect must depend upon knowing the precise nature of all the stipulatious between Spain and France, and upon the Spanish (Government being determined to cause their Neutrality to be respeded in all other particulars. That until these questions were answered in a satisfactory manner, and the Convention communicated to Him, He could give no positive answer whether He would make the pecuniary succours a cause of War or not.

Before the receipt of these instrudions, dated January 21, 1804, the report of feme naval armaments in the ports of Spain had occasioned a fresh correspondence between His Majesty’s Minister and the Spanish Government. In one of the Notes presented by the former, he declares, that if the King was forced to begin a War, he would want no other declaration than what he had already made. The answers of the Spanish Government were at first of an evasive nature; His Majesty's Minister closed the correspondence on his part by a Note delivered on the eighteenth February, in which he declares that all further forbearance on the part of England must depend upon the

1 ~ ': ' ' ‘ =S= Appendix*

cessation of all naval armaments, and a prohibition of the sale of (No. 4. )

prizes in their ports; and unless these points were agreed to without ' 7

modification, he bad orders to leave Madrid. On the second of these 24° JCtUUdVII

points a satisfactory answer was given, and orders issued accordingly; on the first a reference was made to former Declarations. T0 the question about cfifclosing the Treaty with France, no satisfactory answer was ever given. As, however, no naval preparations appeared to be proceeding at that period in the ports of Spain, the matter was allowed to remain there for a time.

In the month of July one thousand eight hundred and four, the Government of Spain gave assurances of faithful and settled Neutrality, and disavowed any orders to arm in their ports; yet in the subsequent month, when these atlurances were recent, and a confident reliance repoled in them, the British Charge d’Allaires received advice from the Admiral commanding His Majesty’s ships otf the port of Ferrol, that reinforcements of soldiers and Tailors had arrived through Spain for the French fleets at Toulon and Ferrol. On this intelligence two Notes were presented to the Spanish Mini Iters, but no answer was received to either of them. Towards the end of the month of September, information was received in London from the British Admiral stationed off Ferrol, that orders lmd actually been given by the Court of Madrid for arming, without loss of time, at that port, four ships of the line, two frigates, and other smaller vessels; that (according to his intelligence) limilar orders had been given at Carthagena and Cadiz, and particularly that three first-rate ships of the line were directed to fail from the last mentioned port; and as an additional proof of hostile intentions, that orders had been given to arm the pacquets as in time of War.

Here then appeared a direct and unequivocal violation of the terms on which the continuance of Peace had been acquiefeed in; previous notice having been given to the Spanish Government, that a llate of War would be the immediate confluence of such a measure, His Majesty, on this event, stood ahnoft pledged to an instant commencement of hostilities; the King however preferred a persevering adherence to the system of moderation so congenial to His disposition:

He resolved to leave still an opening for accommodation, if Spain should be still allowed the liberty to adopt the course prescribed by a just sense of her own interests and security. It is here worthy of remark, that the groundless and ungrateful imputations thrown out against His Majesty’s conduct in the Spanish Manifesto, are built upon the foundation of this forbearance alone. Had His Majesty exercised, without reserve, His just rights of War, the representations so falsely asserted, and so insidioufty dwelt upon, could not have been even stated under any colourable pretext: the indulgence, therefore, which postponed the actual state of War, was not only misrepresented, but transformed intp a ground of complaint, because the forbearance extended to the aggrelTors was not carried to a dangerous and inad-miftible extreme. In consequence of the intelligence above stated, directions were sent to His Majesty’s Minister at Madrid, to make representations and remonstrances to the Spanish Court, to demand explanations relative to the existing Conventions between Spain and France; and, above all, to inlist, that the naval armaments in their ports should be placed on the fame footing as they were previously to the commencement of hostilities between Great Britain and France; and he was further directed explicitly to state to the Spanifti Government, that His Majesty felt a duty imposed upon him of taking, without delay, every measure of precaution; and, particularly, of eiving orders to His Admiral off the Port of Ferrol to prevent any of the Spanish ships of war failing from that port, or any additional ships of war from entering it.

No substantial redress, no satisfactory explanation, was afforded in consequence of these repeated representations; whilst, under the cover of His Majesty’s forbearance, the enemy had received considerable remittances of treasure, together with the facility of procuring other supplies.

Every circumstance of the general conduct of Spain was peculiarly calculated to excite the vigilant attention of the British Government —the removal of Spanish ships out of their docks, to make room for the accommodation of the men of war of France—the march at French troops and Teamen through the Spanifti territory—the equipment of naval armaments at Ferrol—the consideration that th* junction of this armament with the French ships already in that harbour, would create a decided superiority of numbers over His Majesty’s squadron cruizing off that port—the additional naval exertions, and the consequent increase of expence which this conduct of Spain necessarily imposed upon Great Britain. All these together required those precautions, both of representation and action, to which His Majesty had immediate recourse. While official notice was given of His Majesty’s intention to adopt those necessary measures, the Spanifti Government was at the same time allured, that His Majesty still felt an earnest desire to maintain a good understanding with Spain; but that the continuance of such a state of things must be subject to the condition of abstaining on their part from all hoitite preparations, and on making, without hesitation or reserve, that full and explicit disclosure of the nature and extent of the fMilling

engagements

continued.

568 Appendix. A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 4.)

24* Jttmuu-ii,

co/itmutd.

engagements with France, which had hitherto been so frequently and so liuitli-lbly demanded.

The precautions adopted by His Majesty were such only as He deemed imiiipt-ulably necessary to guard against the augmentation by Spain of her means of naval preparation during the difeuftion, and against the possible consequences of the safe arrival of the expected American treasure in the Spanish ports; an event which has more than once, in former times, become the epoch of the termination of dileuffiom, arid of the commencement of hostility on the part of Spain.

The orders blued by His Majesty, on this occasion, to the Admirals commanding His fleets, aftord the moll linking example of a lcrupu-lous and indulgent forbearance; the most filial limitation was given, as hi the extent and object of the measures proposed; and the execution of those orders was guarded with the strongeft injunctions to avoid, by every’ means confident with the attainment of their object, any ad of violence or hostility against the dominions or subjects of his Catholic Majesty. The hostile preparations in the harbour of I'errol rendered it necessary, in the first instance, that a reinforcement should be added to the squadron cruizing otV that port; and orders were at the same time conveyed to the British Admirals, to fend intimation to the Spanish Government of the inltrudions they had received, and of their determination in consequence to refill, under the present circumstances, the failing either of the French or Spanish fleets, if any attempt for that purpoi’e should be made by either of them.

llis Majesty's pleasure was at the same time flgnified, that they were not to detain, in the first instance, any ship belonging to his Catholic Majesty, failing from a port of Spain; but to require the commander of such ship to return directly to the port from whence file Ciiine, and only, in the event of his refusing to comply with such rtquiiition, to detain and fend her to Gibraltar or to England,

Further directions were given not to detain any Spanish homeward-bound ships of war, unless they should have treasure on board, nor merchant ships of that nation, however laden, on any account whatsoever. That, in the prosecution of those measures of precaution, many valuable lives should have been sacrificed, is a subject of much regret to His Majesty, who laments it as an event produced alone by an unhappy concurrence of circumstances, hut which can in no degree affect the merits of the case. The question of the just principle and due exercise of llis Majesty *s right, rests upon every foundation of the laws of Nature and of Nations, which enjoin and justify the adop-tion of such measures as are r^quisite for defence and the prevention of aggression.

It remains only further to observe, that if any additional proof were requiftte of the wisdom and necessity of precautionary measures, that proof would be found even in the declaration relied upon in the manifesto of Spain, in which its Government now states itself to have contemplated, from the beginning of the War, the necessity of making itself a party to it, in support of the pretensions of France, expressly declaring, that " Spain and Holland, who treated conjointly with France at Amiens, and whose interests and political relations were so closely connected with her, must have with difficulty refrained from taking part against the injuries and insults ottered to their ally/*

Jt will further appear, by a reference to the dates and results of the several representations made by His Majesty's Charge d’Affaires at the Court of Spain, that the detention of the Spanish treofure-ships never was in question during the difcutlions which preceded his departure from Madrid. That ground of complaint, therefore, which has since been so much relied upon, formed no part of the motive of the previous hostile character so strongly mamfefted by the Spanish Court in their mode of treating the points in difeuftion, nor (as will

appear in the sequel) of the final rupture of the negotiation at Madrid.

On the twenty-sixth of October one thousand eight handled and four, His Majesty s Charge d’Affaires presenteda Note to the Spanish Minister, in which the following conditions were infilled upon, preliminary to the appointment of a Minister from Great Britain, who might treat of the adjustment of other matters which remained for difeuftion. The conditions were three: First, that the orders given at Ferrol, Cadiz, and Carthagena, should be countermanded, as well for the equipment of ships of war in any of thol’e ports, as for their removal from one of those ports to another. Secondly, that not only the present armaments should he discontinued, hut that the establishment of ships of war in the different ports should be replaced on the footing on which they flood at the commencement of hostilities between England and France. Thirdly, that a full disclosure should be made of the exilting engagements, and of the future intentions of Spain with respect to France. From the period above-mentioned to the second of November, several official Notes passed between His Majesty's Charge* d’Affaires and the Spanish Minister, confining, with little variation in their tenor, of urgent demands of satisfaciion on the one side, and of evufive and unsatisfaclory replies on the other. After repeated delays and reiterated applications, His Majesty's Charge d*Affaires received his passports on the seventh of November, and departed from Madrid on the fourteenth of that month. During the whole of this negotiation, no mention was made of the detention of the Spanish treasure-ships, nor does it any where appe ar that an account had been received at Madrid of that transaction. It is evident therefore, notwithstanding the attempt made by the Spanish Court to avail itself of that event, in the Manifesto which has been since published, that the state of War must equally have arisen between Great Britain and Spain, had the detention never taken place; and that, in point of fad, the rupture ultimately took place upon grounds distind from, and totally unconnected with, that measure.

The leading circumstances which characterize the reiterated abuse of Mis Majesty's moderation, were each of them of a nature to have exhausted any less settled system of lenity and forbearance: succours afforded to llis enemies; explanations refused or evaded, after repeated demands; conditions violated, after distind notice that on them depended the continuance of Peace. Such has been the con-dud of the Spanish Court; and it is, under these circumstances, that His Majesty finds the domineering influence of France exerted, and the Spanish Nation in a state of declared and open War.

His Majesty appeals with confidence to all Europe for the acknowledgment of His exemplary moderation in the whole course of these iranfadions. His Majesty feels with regret the necessity which places him in a ltate of hostility with Spain; and would with heartfelt satisfaction observe, on the part of that country, the afiumption of a more dignified sense of national importance, and a more independent exercise of sovereign rights.

His Majesty would indeed be most happy to discover in the councils of Spain a reviving sense of those ancient feelings and honourable propensities which have at all times been so congenial to the Spanish character, and which, in better times, haye marked the conduct of its Government. His Majesty will, on His part, eagerly embrace the first opportunity, thus ottered, of resuming a ltate of peace and confidence with a nation which has so many ties of common interest to conned it with Great Britain, and which He has hitherto been ever disposed to regard with sentiments of the utraoft consideration and elieem.

Downing-street, 24th January 1805.

20 Februarii.

LIST of PAPERS, presented by His Majesty's Command, 2d February 1805.

No. 1.

No. 2.

No. 3-

No. 4-

No. 5-

No. 6.

No. 7*

No. 8.

No. 9.

Extract of a Dispatch from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Hawkelbury; dated Madrid, 10th June 1803. (Received July 31ft.)

Translation of Extract of Intelligence from Bayonne, 30th May.

Extract of a Dispatch from J. II. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Hawkesbury; dated 6th July 1803. (Received 3d

August.)

Extract ot a Dispatch from J. II, Frere, Esquire, to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Madrid, 7th July 1803. (Received 3d August.)

Extract ot a Dispatch from J. II. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Ilawkqlbury; dated Madrid, 2ill July 1803. (Received 28th August.)

Extract of a Dispatch from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Hawkelbury; dated Madrid, 5th August 1803. (Received 12th September.)

Extract of a Dispatch from J. II. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Hawkelbury; dated 15th August 1803. (Received 20th

September.)

Extract of n Dispatch from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Hawkelbury; dated Escurial, 9th October 1803.

(Deceived 9th November.)

Extract ot a Dispatch from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Hawkelbury; dated Escurial, 9th Odobor 1803.

(Received qth November.)

Extract of a bitpatch froin.J. IL Frere, Esquire, to Lord Hawkelbury; dated Efovpial, nth October 1803. (Received 9th November.)

Vo. w>*

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix

569

No. io«

No. li. No. 1*2.

No. 13.

No, 14

No. 15. No. 16. No. 17.

No. \8.

No. 19. No. 20.

No. 21.

No. 2*2.

No. 23.

< List—continued.

Extra# of a Dispatch from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Hawkeibury; dated Madrid, 7th December 1803# (Received 30th December.)

Dispatch from Lord Hawkeibury to J. H. Frere, Esquire; dated Downing-street, 2ift January 1804.

Dispatch from J. II. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Hawkeibury; dated Madrid, 3d March 1804. (Received the 29th.)

lnclnfure in No. 1*2. Letter from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Sir Edward Pellew; dated Madrid, 28th January 1804.

Dispatch from J. II. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Hawkeibury; dated Madrid, 4th March 1804. (Received 29th March.)

Translation referred to in No. 13.

Extra# of a Dispatch from J. II. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Hawkeibury; dated Madrid, 5th March 1804% (Re*

ceived the 29th.)

Translation of a Letter from the Chevalier d'Anduaga to Lord Hawkelbuiy; dated 9th March 1804*

Translation of a Letter from the Chevalier d’Ahduaga to Lord Hawkeibury; dated 30th March 1804*

Translation of a Letter from the Chevalier d’Anduaga to Lord Hawkeibury; dated lit May 1804.

Inclosure in No. 17. Translation of a Note from Don Pedro Cevalios to J. II. Frere, Esquire.

Extra# of a Dispatch from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Harrowby; dated Madrid, 5th July 1804. (Received 27th July.)

Dispatch from Lord Harrowby to B. Frere, Esquire; dated Downing-street, 29th September 1804.

Extract of a Dispatch from B. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Harrowby; dated Madrid, 12th 0#ober 1804. (Received

2d November.)

Translation of a Letter from the Chevalier d’Anduaga to Lord Harrowby; dated Portland Place, 22d December 1804. (Received the 23d.)

Letter from George Hammond, Esquire, to J. FI. Frere, Esquire; dated Downing-street, 24th December 1804.

Inclosure in No. 22. Translation of an Extra# of a Letter from the Chevalier d’Anduaga to Lord Harrowby; dated 22d December 1804.

Letter from J. II. Frere, Esquire, to George Hammond, Esquire, dated London, 24th December 1804*

Appendix,

(No. 4.)

2® Februari,

continued.

No. 24. Extra# of a Letter from Lieutenant General Nugent to Lord Hobart; dated Jamaica, 14th January 1804.

No. 25. Extra# of a Letter from Governor Halkett to Lord Hobart; dated Bahamas, 26th January 1804.

Inclosure in No. 25. Translation of an Extra# of a Letter from St. Jago de Cuba, 8th January 1804.' No. 26. Extra# of a Letter from Governor llalkett to Lord Hobart; dated Bahamas, 3d February 1804. (Received 9th April.)

No. 27. Extra# of a Letter from Governor Halkett to Lord Hobart; dated Bahamas, lith February 1804. (Received 9th April.)

No. 28, Extra# of a Letter from Governor Halkett to Lord Hobart; dated Bahamas, 7th April 1804. (Received 20tl* June.)

No. 29. Extra# of a Letter from Governor llalkett to Lord Hobart; dated Bahamas, 19th May 1804.

No. 30. Extra# of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Nugent to Lord Hobart; dated Jamaica, 20th May 1804.

Inclosure in No. 30. Letter from Lieutenant Governor Nugent and Sir J. T. Duckworth to the Governor of the Ilavannah; dated Jamaica, 19th April 1804.

No. 31. Order from Sir Edward Pellew, Baronet, to Captain Wallis, of His Majesty’s Ship Naiad; dated on board th*.

Tennant, off the Coast of Spain, 15th August 1803.

No. 32. Letter from Captain Wallis, of the Naiad, to His Majesty’s Acting Consul at Corunna; dated 16th August l8o<J, No. 33. Letter from Captain Wallis to the Captain General of Galicia; dated 16th August 1803.

No. 34. Letter from P. Morrogh, Esquire, to Captain Wallis; dated 17th August 1803.

No. 35. Letter from P. Morrogh, Esquire, to Captain Wallis; dated 17th August 1803.

Translation of the Governor of Corunna’s Answer to Captain Wallis’s first Letter; dated Corunna, 17th August 1803.

No. 3d. Letter from Captain Wallis to the Captain General of Galicia; dated on board the Naiad, in Corunna, i7tfe

August 1803.

No. 37. Letter from Mr. Morrogh, Acting Consul at Corunna, to Captain Wallis of the Naiad; dated 17th August 1^03. t No. 38. Letter from Captain VVallis, of the Naiad, to the Acting Consul at Corunna; dated 17th August 1803.

No. 39. Letter from Patrick Morrogh, Esquire, British Consul at Corunna, to Captain James Wallis; dated 19th August

lSo3*

No. 40. Extra# of a Letter from Sir Edward Pellew, Baronet, to Admiral Cornwallis; dated off Cape Prior, the 24th August 1803.

No. 41. Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Sir Robert Calder, Baronet, to Admiral Cornwallis; dated on board the Prince of Wales, off Corunna, the 12th September 1803.

No. 42. Extra# of a Letter from Sir Edward Pellew to Admiral Cornwallis; dated 7th June 1804.

No. 43. Extract of Information from Sir Edward Pellew; received in Admiral Cornwallis’s Letter of the 11th January 1804.

No. 44. Letter from Don Diego Contador, Governor of Ferrol, to Sir Edward Pellew, Baronet; dated 14th February 1804.

Letter from Sir Edward Pellew, Baronet, to Don Diego Contador, Governor of Ferrol; dated on board the Tonnant, off Ferrol, the 16th February 1804.

Inclosure in No. 45. Declaration of the Officer in the Boat, inclosed in a Letter of Sir Edward Pellew, Baronet, to Don Diego Contador, Governor of Ferrol; dated on board the Tonnant, the 16th of February 1804.

Letter from Don Diego Contador, Governor of Ferrol, to Sir Edward Pellew, Baronet; dated the 19th February 1804.

Letter from Don Diego Contador, Governor of Ferrol, to Sir Edward Pellew, Baronet; dated 19th February 1804.

Letter from Sir Edward Pellew, Baronet, to Don Diego Contador, Governor of Ferrol; dated on board the Tonnant, off Ferrol, 20th February 1804.

Extra# of a Letter from Sir Edward Pellew, Baronet, to Admiral Cornwallis; dated on board the Tonnant, off Ferrol, 9th May 1804.

No. 50. Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Cochrane to Admiral Cornwallis; dated on board the Northumberland, off Ferrol, 15th May 1804.

No. 51. Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Cochrane to Admiral Cornwallis; dated on board the Northumberland, near Ferrol, 23d May 1804.

No. 45.

No. 46. No. 47. No. 48. No. 49.

No, 1.

Extra# of a Dispatch from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Hawkeibury; dated Madrid, loth June 1803. (Received 31ft July.)

It is possible that the inclosed intelligence may have already reached you through Lord Robert Fitzgerald.

On questioning the Prince of Peace, he declared that the King had made repeated instances to be informed of the assemblage of such a body of troops, but that no explanation had been obtained. This certainly does not appear very probable; but it is a fa#, that this VOL. 60.

Government are treated with great f?eglect on the subject of Portugal, and are kept in the dark as to the object of the correspondence which has been passing with such activity between Generals Bournonvill* and Lannes.

Mr. Cevalios, when I mentioned to him the intelligence which I had received,' said that he had received the fame, but that later Intel* ligence had persuaded him that the assemblage would not be great or so immediate; and I yesterday received i report agreeing with this latter opinion.

, p (Inclosure

Ap'^ndkc, ‘

(No. ,j.y

2® februariiy

continued, W.—.^r__________

N»

570-

Appendix.

A. 1805;

(Inclosure in No. 1.)

TransTation of Extra# of Intelligence f>om Bayonne* dated 36th May.

I have already mentioned to you the arrival of some troops at this place; two other brigades are expend the 13 Floreal, (ad June,) the 77th and the 24th. There will be, independently of the two divisiohs of 25,000 men each* intended for the oonquest of Portugal, a body of reserve of 12,000. The camp is already marked out at Bidurd, (a league and a half from hence). I believe I have already told you that one of these divisions will march by Perpignan, and the other by Bayonne. Thirty-seven thousand men are therefore eupedted here; but, as I have juit said, the ia;oooo of reserve only will remain. The army will afterwards march intd Spain. The coftmiand erf it is provisionally given to General Carh St. Cyr, a relation, I fancy, of hitn who was aulbaffador at Madrid. General La Marque is intruded with the organization of these troops.

8th June.

There is for the present nothing new, or at leaf! very interesting. The arrival of some battalions, and of a regiment of chaiVeurs cavalry; the 24th, that which in the last war served the campaign of Portugal; they are tolerably well mounted, but badly equipped, or rather badly clothed. We are now allured, that the army which is coming here will not dxceed 5 or 6,000 men, although it is lull reported that it will be augmented to 40,000. I believe it, for I do not Ice that the Government has so large a disposable force.

No. 2.

Extra# of a. Dispatch from J. H. Frerc, Esquire, to Lord IJawkelbory; dated Madrid, 6th July 1S03. (Received 3d Aug.)

I have to acknowledge the receipt of your Lordships Dispatch of the 2d ultimo, and I have great satisfaefcion in reflecting that the lait which your Lordship will have received from me will shew that I have been fortunate enough to conform my condu# to the general spirit and tendency of the instructions which your Lordship had laid down for my guidance.

The present state of things is one which it is not very easy to define. The Prince of Peace has not yet thought proper to commit himself by any difun# proposals upon the subject of obtaining a guarantee for that neutrality which this country profefie$ itself to have adopted; at the same time there is an evident increase in the ill-humour of the French ambassador, and some fefious altercations have passed between him and the Prince of Peace. Upon my making some enquiries upon the subje# of the French raflemblement at Bayomie, upon which he had before demanded an explanation of the French Ambassador, as mentioned in my letter of the 10th ultimo, he told me, that he at last declared to him, that if an army was collected there, he should establish a superior force in camp opposite to them. Some few days fmee General Bournonville declared that the French army was dispersetl into cantonme nts, and the orders for joining it countermanded, and infilted against the establishment of a Spanish camp. The Prince of Peace, however, told him that it could (till be adhered to as a measure of precaution. He has said likewise, that if the French attempted to force.a passage, he would raise an army, and that the King would put himself at the head of it to oppose them.

When 1 lait called upon him, after the receipt of your Lordships Dispatch, I told him, that though 1 had already explained to him the intentions of His Majesty respecting Portugal, yet that I had received such positive instructions from your Lordship upon the subject, that I could not forbear repeating the fame declaration in a more formal manner. To this he answered, that he believed that the differences between France ami Portugal were in a train of being settled, but that this country would still continue its preparations, and that he had given orders for twelve regiments of militia to be assembled, to form part of a camp in Castile.

It should seem singular, and even suspicious, that while language of Ibis kind is passing, no positive declaration should be made to Great Britain, not any distinct statement made of the means which might be necessary, and which they might expedi Great Britain to contribute in vindication of their Neutrality, if attempted to be violated. It is, however, remarkable, that many Spaniards with whom I have con-versed, and who were ardently dcllrous of an alliance against: France, have never seemed to look for any abidance from England beyond her co-operation; and the various lymptoms of ill-buinour on the part of the French Minister are evidently real and unaffedted; at the same time the attentions of their Majesties are marked to the Portu-gtiefe Minister and myself in a manner which has excited general observation.

The King has been much irritated, in addition to the former provocations from France, by the violence which ha3 been offered to the independence and neutrality of Tuscany; and both their Majesties have been sincerdy and deeply affected by the death of the King of Etruria.

Tire disposition of the people has been always favourable to England and has been much more fb of late; and* even among those dalles whose politics are nut so spirited or so generous as those of the mob there is a great dispofitiem to take part decidedly with us, and this i$ only checked by the apprehension of our being perfectly cut off from contiriental alliances, and that therefore the whole brunt of the war . would foil on Spain.

The common people are persuaded that there is a secret understanding with England, and that when Spain is completely armedi the two Powers are to fall jointly upon France; they add several particulars of the supposed Treaty, and are univerially delighted wi& the prospect.

No. 3.

Extra# of a Dispatch from J. H. Frcre, Esquire, to Lord Hawkelbury; dated Madrid, 7th July 1S03. (Received 3d August.)

Before I had finished the preceding Dispatch, I was called away to the usual audience which Mr. Cevallos gives to Foreign Ministers on Wednesday night. I then learned that intelligence had arrived of His Majesty's Government having accepted the mediation of the Emperor of Russia. M. Cevallos communicated the intelligence to me. H« expressed his wish for general tranquillity; that it was above all things his Majesty's desire to preservea good understanding and harmony with England; that war was no advantage to any Power, though it might serve to enrich our sailors; that commerce v, as the true interest of the two nations. I replied, that the sentiments of England were the fame; and that His Majesty's Government had given a fair proof of them in abstaining from the detention of the Spanish vessels at a moment so critical as that of the arrival of all their specie, and under circumstanc.es which would have perfectly justified such a measure; but that His Majesty wished rather to time to the honour and generous feelings of his Catholic Majesty, persuaded that whatever appeared ambiguous or doubtful was the effect of circumstances, and not of any unfriendly inclination. He answered with more feeling and openness than I expected, that his Catholic Majesty was fully sensible of the confidence and genevofity of lh$ Majesty, and deiirous of cultivating the Left undeiftauding with his Government.

Upon the whole, considering the disposition at present existinghere, I cannot but consider it as extremely favourable, at the lame time that it will require great attention and management to maintain it for any length of time upon its present footing.

It is to be confide red that a degree of irritation, equal to what exists at present, has existed on former occasions, but has as often subsided; and the Government, for want of encouragement or opportunity, and the absence of immediate provocation, have again Telapsed to their old habit of acquiescence. The degree of provocation which has been given in the present instance, and accumulated in so short a space of time, as the affair of Ixjuiuuna, Etruria, and Naples, is not likely to recur again. The feeling of resentment against France, therefore, will probably grow weaker, and the present disposition be materially altered, unless it is kept up on the part of England by marked and particular attention to this Court and its Minister.

No. 4.

Extra# of a Dispatch from J. II. Frcre, Esquire, to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Madrid, 21ft July 1803. (Received 28th August.j

My Lord,

I take advantage of a private conveyance, to inform your Lordship of the little which has occurred since the date of my last.

In an interview which I had some few days ago with the Prince of Peace, I returned to the subject of the situation in which this country stood. He told me that it was his Catholic Majesty's intention to offer his mediation, and that the offer would be made in the form of a letter to His Majesty. I answered with expressions of great respect for the mediation of this Court, and fulisfodtion at the form in which it was intended to he proposed; but suggested the propriety of departing from their usual fyltem of gaining time, and endeavouring, on Hie contrary, to huften this ite.p, so that it might be connected with the mediation of Russia. I did not, however, find him disposed to agree with me in my opinion upon tins point; on the contrary, be laid, that the chief objedi of this measure was to gain time.

I ought to mention to your Lordship acircumstance which I cannot well account for. The Prince of Peace has repeatedly declared, that though some overtures have been made by the French Governin' nt upon the subject of the Contingent, yet that no distind demand has been made.

No 5*

ie

45 Geo. 111.

Appendix;

571

No. 5.

Extras of a Dispateh from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Hawkelhury; dated Madrid, 5th August 1803. (Received 12til September.)

I take advantage of a Courier whom Mr. Frere is nowdifpatching, to inform your Lordship of the subject of a very important cemversation which I had this morning with the Prince of Peace; and which amounted in substance to a declaration, that the demands and menaces of France had become so urgent, as to leave them no alternative between immediate compliance and a declaration of War. He endeavoured to shew me that they had made every proportion which could be thought of to avert such an extremity; that they bad even proposed to estimate the full expence of the Contingent which was demanded of them by France, and to pay it to that Government as •the price of their Neutrality. This had betu refuted, and a demand made in return of twenty-four millions per month. To this outrageous proposal an answer has been returned, that, all things considered, it would be more practicable and Ids ruinous to abide by the terms of the Treaty, and to furmlh the Contingent. He then applied himself to prove to me, that if they were forced to a measure of this kind, and to a nominal declaration of War against Great Britain, it pught not to make any difference in the relations between the two countries, or in the good understanding between them. To this I answerrd, that I was lorry I could not give the kind of answer which lie might expect; that it was my duty to be frank with him; and that, without giving any opinion of my own on the propriety of continuing the 1\ liem of forbearance, which in the two hill wars had been used with respect to Spain, it was not in my power to Hatter him with e profjvct of its continuance; that as nothing had been gained by so lone a perseverance in this system, it was natural to expect that it would be renounced by Great Britain.

Having your I.oiaiship’s lait inlirnctions upon the subject of the Contingent present to my mind, 1 did not cuter further into the dif-coflion, though I was poriuaded that what I did venture to say produced a strong impreftkm, and will incline the Prince to use every possible endeavour, as he allured me that he would do, to divert the Trench Government from the pursuit of their present demands.

No. 6.

Extract of a Dispateh from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Madrid, 15th August 1803. (Received noth September.)

I take advantage of the passage of a Courier from Mr. Souza at Paris, whom Mr. Frere has detained fora few hours.

Two days after the date of my lait I called upon the Prince of Peace, in order to take leave of him before he set olT for St. Ildefonfo. Jl found him in a temper and tone so different from that of our last conference, that 1 ventured to alk him what could have passed to have made such an alteration in so short an interval ? He said, that the day before he had hud a lon^ convention with the French Ainbaflador, and that he had lpoken to him in a tone which had had its weight. It is certain that this conference had been a very long and a very warm one; and the AmUafludor came away with evicknt marks of difeon-tent and ill-humour. It is certain that, since this conversation and the arrival of ionic Couriers, who wore supposed to bring very important dispatches, he has very much changed his tone, and has even said to several persons, who he intended should repeat his conveifation to me, that he was sorry that the English Mimlur appeared to give himself so much uneasiness; that in fad there was no ground for it; and that there w'as not any disposition on the part of France to make Spain a party in the War.

The present report, which f have not the means to verify before the departure of this Courier, hut which comes to me from good authority, is, that the French Government have successively reduced their demand to an hundred million of rials, or one. million foiling,

/ and since to seventy-two million; and that the present offer of the Spanish Government is sixty million, or six hundred thousand pounds, to be paid as an annual Subsidy in lieu of their Contingent.

No. T.

Extract of a Dispateh from J. II. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Escurial, 9th October 1803. (Received 9th November.)

I have to announce to your Lordship the conclusion of the negotiation between this country and France, agreeably to the conjcdure which I hated in my lait report to your Lordship upon the subject; namely, that, for the present moment, the difference would be patched up with money; and that it can only be for the present moment, lour Lordship will easily conceive from the exorbitance of the sum, which is no leis than six millions of livres a month y a sacrifice beyond the ability of -Spain to furmlh, and, as I have distinctly explained

to the Prince of Peace, far exceeding the limits of any thing but a mere temporary connivance on the part of England.

On the 3d instant, M. Herman arrived from Paris, and the fame evening had a conference with the Prince of Peace at this Sitio. The next day, there was a second conference; at which M. Cevallos was present; and, on the following day, the Prince of Peace sent to acquaint me that every thing was settled; that they had made every sacrifice to preserve their Neutrality; and that they had finally consented to pay fijt millions of livres a month.

The terms, it seems, which M. Herman bad been inflruded to demand, included the payment of arrears pretended to be due since the beginning of the war, at this fame rate, together with a payment in advance, the amount of which I could not learn. The result of these conferences was, to reduce them simply to the monthly payment of six millions of livres. Upon M. Herman’s return to Madrid, General Bournonville set off himself for the Sitio. He had two successive conferences with the Prince of Peace: which terminated in obtaining some further addition to the terms which had been extorted by M. Herman, the exact nature of which I have not yet been able to learn. When I pressed the Prince of Peace upon the subject of the Treaty, he said that there was nothing but an additional article about the transit of French woollens to Portugal. I then asked what security was obtained for that country; he said that was settled: Portugal was to pay a million of livres a month; that the demand upon Spain was extravagant in comyarifon; and that had been made so, he believed, with a view of a future ground of quarrel, in case they should find themselves unable to fulfil the engagements which they had been forced to enter into. He said, however, that orders had been sent to M. Azara to lign a Treaty; and that they should think no price too great for the maintenance of their Neutrality; and he added some-thing, which implied a preemption that such a neutrality might continue through the War. 1 interrupted, and reminded him of what I bad said on a former occasion on the same subject, that I thought it possible that Great Britain might connive at a trifling sacrifice, such as that which w as exacted from Portugal, or even at the present, if considered merely as a temporary measure, and intended to give time till the disposition of the great Powers of Europe should be more decidedly known, and till those Powers themselves should be acquainted with the circumstances and fituction of this country. He aiked, How was it possible for Spain to ad otherwise ? that their conduct was the effect of their weakness, and not of any *real hostility to! England. I admitted it; but added, that the effects were the fame: that a Sub fidy, such as they were about to grant, was a much greater injury to the interests of England than any that could be apprehended from their hostility. He admitted this; but pleaded the utter im-poflibiiity of resistance, and the necessity of submitting to demand* which were backed by such a force. I said, that I hoped that these considerations would induce England to forbear for a time, and that I would most earnestly recommend it to him to look to foraething beyond the present, which could serve as nothing but a temporary expedient.

No. 8.

Extract of a Dispateh from John Hookhfcm Frere, Esquire, to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Escurial, 9th October 1803. (Received 9th Nov.)

I have reserved for afeparate Dispateh some particulars which may perhaps appear interesting to your Lordship, with a view to forming a judgement resperiing the measures to be pursued by Great Britain, in consequence of those which have been adopted by this Court in their present emergency; and I mention them the rather as they may perhaps appear necessary to justify my remaining here, which I have determined to do till such time as I can receive instrudions from home. Your Lordship may rest allured that the compliance of the Spanish Government is the efled of fear and constraint; and that fear is nothing less than the apprehension, by no means an exaggerated one, of seeing a French army at Madrid, before there could be any possibility of their receiving support or assistance from abroad. Under these circumstances, and knowing the chararier of this Government, it will not appear extraordinary to your Lordship, that they should have preferred a remote danger to one which was pressing and immediate. At the same time I can venture to say, that there never was a time in which the British Government or the British Nation w’ere more popular here; not only wfith the country in general, but with the Court, with the person in power, and with the Royal Family; and it is but doing them justice to say, that the liberality and generosity of His Majesty’s conduct has been felt in the manner it ought; while, on the other hand, the disgust which has been created by the brutality and insolenceof the French; has risen to such a pitch as to break through all disguise.

No# 9-

Appendix* (No. 4.)

2* Februarii,

Continued.

572

Appendix

A. 1805

Appendix*,

' (No. 4.)

2* Februarir,

continued.

No. 9.

Extract of a Dispatch from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Hawke (bury; dated Escurial, nth October 1803. (Received 9th November.)

After having w ritten the two preceding Dispatches, I determined once more to call upon the Prince of Peace, in order to learn from him, if possible, something further respcding the additional terms infixed upon by General Bourhonville. He told me’that our conference must be *is short as possible; that he had only to tell me, that he had ncrt yet signed any thing'; and that moll probably he should not; but that all depended upon the dispofilion of Portugal, and upon the answfer winch he might get from Mr. Frere, when he should fee him the next day. I asked him what the additional terms were ? He answered, that they were wholly inadmissible; that they demanded, " l’eloignement 4t des troupes et le padage." I said, the passage through Spain to Portugal? He answered, M le passage partout—cnfin la dispersion de " nos troupes—daris rios ports—partout." I reminded him of the declaration which the Portuguese Government had given, that they considered the Pyreneans as the common frontier which protected the two countries; and 1 allured him that England would not suffer Portugal to shrink from this declaration in a case like this, which Undoubtedly involved the two countries in a common danger.

No. 10.

Extract of a Dispatch from J# H. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Madrid, 7th December 1803. (Received 30th December.)

Since the date of my last the events of this Court have proceeded hi the channel to which they seemed naturally tending; and the ratification of the Treaty has taken place. It has been agreed, that of the six millions which were stipulated to be paid monthly, two are to be set apart for the reimbursement of the Spanish claimants upon the French Government, and are consequently to be kept by this Government, in order that they themselves may satisfy the demands of their own subjects. Since the arrival of the ratification a new claim has however been set up, for the payment of arrears amounting to about a million sterling, and which are pretended to be due since the beginning of the war. As yet no payment has been made either upon this account or that of the monthly subsidy.

remaining difference is with respect to its limits, which have been construed to comprehend West Florida.

1 have the honour to be, kc.

J. U. Frere.

(Inclosure in No. 12.)

Letter from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Sir Edward Pellew; dated Madrid, 28th January 1804.

Sir,

It appears that this Court have it in contemplation to send out a considerable expedition from the port of Ferrol, confuting, at the lowed efiimation, of about six thousand men.

Though it is not evident that they have any immediate object of hoffility in view, yet, in the present situation of the two countries, I should consider myself as wholly incxcufable if I were to connive at the execution of a measure of such an important, and, under all its circumstances, of so suspicious a nature. I mud therefore recommend it to you as an object (as it appears to me) of the utmofr consequence to llis Majesty's service, that the failing of the above-mentioned armament should be opposed; fird, by a declaration of your being authorized to oppose it by force, and finally, by the execution of force, if unhappily such an extremity should become necessary.

The expedition cannot I suppose be in a date to put to ica for some weeks; and it is possible that the protefls, which I shall think it my duty to make, may lb far delay it, as to render it possible to receive instrudions from England. In the mean time however, arid unless you should yourself receive instrudions to the contrary, I beg to be considered as charging myself with any responsibility which may attach to the measure which I recommend.

As it is my wish to avoid any needless appearance of menace, t would advise the utmost lecrecy upon the subject of this letter. 1 shall myself communicate it to the Miniders here, but to no one else. They will, 1 apprehend, be much more disposed to give way, when they find that our discretion enables them to do so with decency.

(Signed) J. II. Frere*

To Sir Edward Pellew, Bart.

&c. &c. &c,

No. 11.

Dispatch from Lord Hawkesbury to J.H. Frere, Esquire; dated Downing-ftveet, aid January 1804.

Sir,

His Majesty's Government having received frequent complaints from several Commanders of llis Majesty's ships of war, of the unfriendly treatment to which they are exposed in the ports of Spain, (more especially in that of Ferrol,) and of the refusal which they have experienced, in many instances, of permission to purchase in those ports provisions, and other necessaries for the use of the respective ships of war under the command of those officers; I have to signify to you His Majesty's pleasure, that you make the most forcible repre-fentations upon this subject to the Spanish Ministers; and that you date to them llis Majesty's just expectation, that the Commanders of his ships of war shall have full liberty to purchase, in the ports of Spain, provisions, and any other necessary articles of which they may be in want; and, generally, that they may be treated precisely in the same manner as the Commanders of the ftiips of war of the French Republic, or of any other country which may be at peace with his Catholic Majesty.

I am, &c.

J. 11. Frere, Esquire, , Hawkesbury.

Arc. &c. Ac.

No. 12.

Dispatch from J. II. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Ilawkesbury; dated Madrid, 3d March 1804. (Received 29th.)

My Lord,

Tiit iriclofrd Note upon the subject of the armaments supposed to be deliined to fail from Ferrol, was disputched by messenger to Sir Edward Pellew before I thought it udvifablo to mention the subject of it to the Government. On my speaking of it to the Prince of Peace, he positively deniod any such intention, which fuved me from the necessity of informing him of the flep which 1 had taken.

It has been mentioned to no cue except to the American Minister, who had been greatly alarmed, conceiving that the armament was d.Ttined to oppose the occupation of Louiliana. The troupe still remain in Gallicia, but all idea of their being destined to foreign service fee 1 ns now at an er.d.

The American Minister has received a Note, in which the claim of hi* Government to Louiliang i* formally recognized. The only

No. 13.

Dispatch from J. H. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Madrid, 4th March 1804. (Received 29th March.)

My Lord,

I have the honour to inclose a translation of the answer which Mr. Cevallos has returned to the representations which I was initrucled to make in consequence of the permission given to the enemy of equipping their privateers in the ports of the Iflnnd of Cuba.

1 have the honour to be, &c.

Rt. Hon. Lord Hawkesbury, J. II. Frere.

&c. &c. &t.

(Translation referred to in No. 13.)

Sir, Aranjuez, 3d March 1804.

I have given an account to the King, my mailer, of the Note which you were pleased to address to me under yesterday s date, concerning the permission given in St. Jago de Cuba, and other places under th# jurisdiction of the Captain General of that Island, to arm privateers, which annoy the British commerce. And his Majesty, being informed of what you have expressed upon this subject, has directed me to reply, that there exist in this ministry repeated proofs of the cii-cumfpedion and prudence with which the Captain General of the Isle of Cuba has concluded himself in the present circuinliances, as well as during the whole of his government; but that, notwithstanding, the complaint which you have made shall be communicated to him, with a repetition of the strictest orders not to permit the least violation of neutrality, which can injure the good understanding between the two Sovereigns. His Majesty has likewise ordered me to allure you, that if the Captain General should prove to have acted in opp"-fition to the friendly intentions of his Majesty, he will make "known to him his loyal displeasure.

In this answer, you will fee nothing but the continuation of the uniform wish of the King, my master, to preserve, icrupulously, the ltrideft Neutrality, and that his Majesty negleds no means for pre-l’crying with His Britannic Majesty the good understanding which happily fubfilts between both monarchies.

(Signed) Ptdro Cetailos.

J. If. Frere, Esquire, &c. &c. &c.

No. 14*

Appendix

573

45 Geo. III.

No. 14.

Extract of a Dispatch from J. II. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Hawkcfbury; dated Madrid, the 5th of March JB04; and received the 29th.

A conversation which I had this morning with the Prince of Peace, has so much confirmed me in the opinion which I have already Hated to your Lordship, that I cannot avoid mentioning some particulars of it. It seems the French had sent to demand the payment of an intialnlent of their Subsidy, which I suppose impressed the subject more Itrongly on his mind. After a good deal of other conversation, he complained of the uncertainty in which they were kept with rdpcTl to the intentions of England; that their trade was ruined; that the merchants dared not make any expeditions; and he concluded by dwelling on the general embarrali'ment created by their present uncertainty of bringing home their money from America, and the icareity and ditlrcfs throughout the country. I laid that I had already mentioned to him the necessary preliminary to any under-standing upon this head, namely, the communication of the Treaty. He repeated the lame objection which he had made use of before, and which is mentioned in a former letter to your Lordship; and when 1 remarked upon the unreai'onubleness of expelling that Great Britain should give her allent to an unknown agreement, he laid that it was a subject in which he had nothing to do, and which belonged to the Secretary of State. I shall accordingly make it the object of a conference with M. Cevallos, and intend going to Aranjuez for that purpose.

No. 15.

Translation of a Letter from M. d’Andunga to Lord Ilawkesbury; dated Portland Place, gth March 1804.

My Lord,

Having received from my Court, by the lad packet from Lisbon, some interefiing Dispatchcs, I v.ished toconverse with your Excellency on the subject of them; but Mr. Hammond having given me to under-Hand how extremely occupied your Excellency is at piefent, I have thought, that, to give your Excellency the lead pofijble tiouble, and at the same time not to neglect the execution of the orders which had been sent to me, I /hould do better, and it would even be more agreeable to your Excellency, to give you without delay, and conf dentially, some idea of the object of the audience which I requested ol yoni Excellency through Mr. Hammond. That perfect confidence, with which your Lordship has inspired me, leads me to communicate to you, without reserve, e\ery thing which can in any wise contribute to convince your Excellency, as well as flic British Miaifiry, of the amicable intentions, and of the pacific fentiinents of my Court.

You will recollect, my Lord, that whenever 1 have had the honour lo convcrle with your Excellency on the principles on which the Engldli Government might content to the Neutrality of Spain in the present war, even though die furnished to France those succours in Hoops and vessels fripulated by the Treaty of 17^6, as well as on the means by which it might be accompli/hcd, I carnedly requested the British Minidry maturely to condder tbri ad air, before they took a decisive resolution; dnee, exclusive of the renfons which I then alleged in support of the system which I proposed, it never would happen that Spain would furnidi either a bugle vessel, or a bugle soldier, against England; since, according to accurate intelligence, the Spanish Government would then have already entered upon a negotiation with France to substitute money in the place of the succours in troops and vessels ;.and that this substitution being reciprocally-advantageous to both countries, it could not but be dieted without difficulty. I conddered mytelf as so much the more authorized to fjveak with such confidence, as I supposed England perfectly agreed with us on this point; dnee, in none of our conversations, in which your Excellency condantly tedified to me an oppodtion to the furnishing by Spain of succours in kind, and principally in /hips, did you ever make any mention of pecuniary succours.

It was in consequence of this persuasion, to which I myself contributed, that Spain determined to make that lacri/ice of money, which (lie has made by her lust Treaty with France, battering herself that flic would by this means insure to herself the friend/hip of England; elle, how would it be podible that Spain would have ligned a Treaty of this nature, if it was not in order the better to obtain the accom-fhlhuient of her pacific whites with respect to England? Can it be ima givied, that Spain would be induced to make fucri/ices in order to avoid ;i War, and that at the same time (he would have reason to fear, iLu these very facri/iccs would he a subject of discontent for the Enli/h Minidry?

The Bniifli Government, not having therefore taken it amiss that Spain should furnidi money indead of the troops and /hips dipulated by ti e Treaty of 179^, cannot moreover complain, if the sums to he paid by Spain be proportioned to the expences which (he mud have been at for the maintenance of the above-mentioned /hips and troops: it would even be incpnsequent to refuse the fecund condition, after having tacitly acquit feed in the iird: in the event even of Spain

VOL. 6O.

Appendix,

having promifod to France something more than an equivalent, it would * XT not he the fault of my Court. All the world well knows, that die (^O. 4.) would not in that case have done more than submit to the necessity 2? Februarii of circumstances; for, from the very moment that England oppufed {

itself to the fu nothing by Spain of succours in kind, ther$ remained continued, for her no other coinfe to take, than that of concerting with her Ally .. t

the amount to be fixed upon as the equivalent.

Although there is no reason to believe, that the ‘French Government has exacted from my Court more than an equivalent to the dipulated succours, it is nevertheless painful to recal at this moment to your Excellency, one of the observations which I made during the negotiation, in order to induce the British Minidry to recognize the Neutrality of Spain, even though die diould furnidi the succours in kind; namely, that if England had adhered to it, de would have obtained two great advantages: Fird, that of performing a driking action of justice and of policy, an action conformable to the law of Nations, and likely to gain over to her the fuflfrages of all Europe: Secondly, that of depriving France of all means of increa/ing her claims on Spain, in case de dould wid so to do.

If the Treaty of pecuniary Subsidies lately concluded between Spain and France deserves every attention on the part of the British Government, when examined with respect to the pacific views which were the motive of the former of these Powers for concluding it, and . to the circumstances which preceded and accompanied its conclusion, it is not the less an object of fortaarance and of approbation for England, if regard is had to the facing which iU procured to that Power of an augmentation of naval forces which de would have been forced to make, to oppose to the vessels which Spain would have fur-nided to France, supposing that the Treaty of pecuniary Subsidies had not been concluded.

To this advantage mud be added another, which is not of less importance to England; it is, that as long as Spain dall pay the pecuniary Subsidies lately dipulated, the French Government cannot engage its Ally in any dep contrary to the laws of the firictefl Neutrality; and that, with this security, England may concentrate its military operations in the employment of all its land and sea forces.

The fads and the reflections which I have now laid before your Excellency, prove, fird, the sincerity with which Spain has de/ired, and dill desires, to maintain her friend/hip with England.- Secondly,

That her conduct has been in perfect conformity with' these desires.

Thirdly, That in her lad Treaty with the French Government, (he has fought to conciliate her relations of friendship with England, and her duties towards France: in /hort, that England reaps real advantages from the said Treaty of Subsidies.

From all that I have now dated, there cannot remain a doubt, th3t the Court of Spain, as well from the good faith which it has rnanifefied in all its proceedings during the negotiation, as from the reiterated proofs which it has condantly given to the British Government, of its fineere desire to continue its relations of fri^ndhiip with them, has an incontefiible right to the mod perfect reciprocity on the part of England, of whose sentiments I have never entertained the lead doubt, particularly since the conferences which I had with your Excellency on the 2id and 26th January lad.

In thele conferences, on the subject of which I have infinite satis-faction in reflecting, your Excellency maniteded the mod jud and mod valuable sentiments with regard to Spain. They discovered to me, how fully sensible His Britannic Majesty's Government were of the situation of my Court with respect to France at the moment of the conclusion of its Treaty with her; and that, entering into all the considerations which could have induced Spain to agree to anything which might displeafe England, they would be ready to give way to them, provided that Spain aCled frankly with the English Government, and that die manifested in the red of her conduct that good faith which is consonant to a friendly Power, who observes a Neutrality towards belligerent Powers. This declaration, which I hastened to tranlinit to my Court by the fame Messengpr which your Excellency dispatched the very day in which the first conference was held, mud necessarily have met with the most favourable reception at Madrid. It will even have dissipated the doubts and fears to which Mr. Frere's Note of the 13th December, (on the meaning of which the Spanish Ministry requeded Mr. Frere to demand explanations of his Government,) had given rife. But as, during this interval, Mr.

Frere delivered a second Note, in which the Spanish Ministry could not yet discover what might be the intention of England in the last dep which Mr. Frere had taken, they have thought it indispensuble, to order me to request the English Minidry to explain themselves in a frank and precise m uner a;> to their intentions towards Spain.

Now, since it is important in an affair which so deeply intereds both Governments, and on the principle of which having always agreed, they have mutually invited each other to explanations, they should hasten to communicate their respective willies—I think that it will be very advantageous to both Courts, that I /houlcf converse with your Excellency on some points, which may facilitate the accomplishment of these \vi/hes.

It is for this reason, my Lord, that I take the liberty to requed of

7 G

574

Appendix. A. 1805:

Appendix,

(No. 4.) ft* Februar,

continued.

you a conference, I flatter myself, that your Excellency will grant it to me as soon as possible, particularly, as from the iflftruriiohs which I have received from my Court, the result cannot but be very favourable,

I avail myself with eagemefs of this opportunity to, &c.

(Signed) The Chev. D'Anduagd,

His Excellency Lord Hawkesbury, Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs;

No. 16.

Translation of a Letter from the Chevalier D'Anduaga to Lord Hawkesbury; dated Portland Place, 30th March 1804.

My Lord,

It is with the greatest eagemefs that I desire to confer with your Excellency on the contents of the Dispatches which 1 have just received from my Court by the last packet arrived from Lisbon. They afford the fulled confirmation of every thing which I have had the honour to date to your Excellency in all our conversations, and especially in those of the aid and a6th January, respecting the sentiments And conduit of the King, my mader, towards His Britannic Majesty. I will not here repeat the answer which his Excellency the Chevalier de Cevallog gave to Mr, Frere, on the (17th February, with regard to the complaints brought forward in his three Notes of the a 3d and a4th of the fame month. This answer, as well from its simplicity and the force of its reasoning, as from its conciliating spirit, and the mod positiveaffurances of the King's uprightness in all his proceedings, the sincerity of which is supported by well-known fads, cannot leave \ on the British Government the lead doubt as to the conduct of Spain

in the Neutrality which (he has adopted with regard to the belligerent Powers. I suppose, my Lord, that this answer will have reached you, and I refer you entirely to it.

But as I have never loft any opportunity of informing my Court of every thing which could contribute to accelerate a perfect under-danding between the two Governments relative to the Neutrality of Spain, and especially of the fears manifeded by the British Government, led any thing to the prejudice of England would have been fti-pulated in the Treaty of Neutrality concluded with France, I hasten, my Lord, to communicate to your Excellency what the Chevalier de Cevallos informed me in this respect on th^ 4th March lad. 44 In 44 the Treaty of Neutrality with France," fays he, " we have not " admitted any article prejudicial to England; and we have rejected 44 some which appeared foreign to a Treaty of Subsidy. In order to " fix the amount of these, regard has been had to the expence which 44 the succours in kind, such as are ttipulated in our Treaty of Al- hance with France, would have cod us. One part even of these 44 Subsidies is retained for the payment of the sums owed us by this 44 Power. We have, without violating our Neutrality, afforded to 44 the English all the succours of which their vessels have been in 44 need. Our conduct towards the French has also been governed by 44 the fame principles. The Notes transmitted to His Britannic Mar 44 jetty's Minitter, residentat this Court, breathe nothing but candour, 44 good faith, and the desire to preserve the strictest Neutrality: The M mod recent proof of this is the Note which I transmitted to him 44 on the 29th February last, in answer to several complaints which 44 he had addressed to me, and of which I fend your Excellency a 44 literal copy, to enable you to make use of it to Loid liawkesbury. 44 You will there observe, that Mr. Frere makes no return to our 44 candour, and to our overture; since at the very time he proteds «4 that his Government entertains the 1110ft ardent desires to keep up 44 a good understanding with Spain, he throws out propositions capable 44 of alarming us, and of clogging our commerce, although we have 44 demanded of him clear and definite explanations. In ttiort, I can 44 assure your Excellency, that nothing relative to commerce has been 44 ttipulated in the Treaty of Subsidy."

I flatter myself, my Loid, in previousty making you this prompt and friendly communication, that your Excellency will grant me, as soon as possible, an audience, in order that we may confer together on objects which are so deeply interesting to both Governments. m I avail myself of this opportunity, &c.

0 (Signed) The Chevalier D'Anduaga.

His Excellency Lord Hawkesbury,

Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs.

No. 17.

Translation of a Letter from M. D’Anduaga to Lord Hawkef-bury; dated Portland Place, id May 1804.

My Lord,

H aving font to my Court a copy of the confidential Note, which I had the honour to transmit to your Excellency on the pth March lad, on the subject of the Neutrality of Spain, I have the satisfallion to announce to your Excellency, that the King, my mader, has entirely approved of its contents, and that his Majesty has found therein tke_ I

faithful expression of his loyal intentions, and of his pacific views towards England. With this I am made acquainted by the Chevalier de Cevallos, in his Difyatch of the id April, who adds, 44 that in 44 order not to leave the British Minidry the lead room for doubt on 44 the real fyttem of our Court, his Majesty had acceded to the conditions which Mr. Frere had demanded, as necessary for infurin* 44 the acknowledgment and observance of our Neutrality on the part " of England/' The Chevalier de Cevallos at the same time transmitted to me a copy of the answer which he returned to Mr. IYere’s Note of the 18th February last, and I have the honour to fend you a literal translation of it, by which your Excellency cannot fail to be convinced of the sincerity of all my communications, and of the constant dispositions of my Court to strengthen and increase the relations of friendship which subsist between the two Governments.

I avail myself, &c.

(Signed) The Chevalier D'Anduaga.

His Excellency Lord Hawkesbury,

Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs.

(Translation df Inclosure in No. 17.)

In order to Answer the Note which you did rne the honour to transmit to me on the 18th February last, respecting several points relative to the Neutrality of Spain, as with regard to England and France, in the present circumstances of Europe, 1 have taken that time which the importance of an affair so interesting to the conantu . liappincfs of the subjects of both Sovereigns required.

In the above-mentioned Note, after having proposed the points or bafts on which your Court founds the acknowledgment ot our Neutrality, and wifely difeuffed the advantages and consequenc.es of each of those points, you conclude, by propoling definitively, by order of your Government, as the basis of the said acknowledgment, the collation of all armaments, and of the sale of prizes carried into the ports of these kingdoms; adding, that you are not authorized to admit any modification on this definitive proportion.

As to the first point, that is to say, the cefiation of all armaments,

I have nothing to add to that, which on different occasions, and particularly in my Note of the 8th of January last, I have had the honour to communicate to you, since the conduit of this Cabinet, under the present circumstances, ought to dissipate every shadow of doubt, of any hostile intentions on the part of the King, my matter; and consequently, I am persuaded that His Britannic Majesty's wishes and demands are entirely satisfied on this point.

With regard to the celfation of the sale of prizes brought into the ports of Spain, although that affair was susceptible of great difficulties, they have, nevertheless, been surmounted by His Majesty's pacific wishes; and you may assure your Court, that, conformably to your demands, the sale of the prizes of either of the belligerent nations brought into the ports of thcle Kingdoms will not be permitted, his Majesty having given orders relating thereto, which will be rigoroutty observed.

His Majesty hopes, that as this prohibition is really prejudicial to his interests, and to those of his subjects, the King of Great Britain will look on this condescension as the most efficacious proof oi his deftre to preserve the most perfect understanding with His Britannic Majesty, and as imposing on England a freth obligation to have for Spain all the considerations due to the uprightness, the good faith, the generosity, and the pacific view's of the King’, my matter.

I am, &c.

(Signed) Pedro Cevallos.

; No. 1$.

Extra&of a Dispatch from J. II. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Harrowby; dated Madrid, 5th July 1804. (lteceived 27th July )

The Subsidy paid by this country to France had been regularly acquitted up to the month of May, at the rate of 800,000 dollars per month. A new expedient has since been hit upon for enabling the French Government to avail itself of the relourccs of Spain to au extent which will not be limited by those difficulties which muff sooner or later have put a stop to the extraction of specie. A loan of five millions of dollars has been negotiated at Paris in favour of this Government, or more properly speaking, in favour of that of France, as it is not to be imagined that any part of it will ever find its way into this country, or be applied to any other purpose than that of the payment of the ttipulated tribute. It is agreed that the capital is to be repaid at the end of three years; the annual interest to be fix per cent., with an allowance of three per cent, for commission upon the whole capital subscribed; there is besides a further advantage allowed to the contractors, namely, a privilege of exporting, free of duty, a quantity of dollars, to the amount of the capital subscribed; this cannot be calculated at less than fix per cent., and may be much more. These sums therefore, divided amongst the three years, make at ieaft an additional three per cent., and give nine per cent, as the

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix.

-t*~~ mn .1 TgwaeaaaM——gagg ^7, .. i-,- t

JoWt rate of annual interest paid by this Government for an exigible debt. It may, I should imagine, be safely reckoned as only a little ftiort of ten per cent, or nearly the rate of interest upon the vales, which bear fix per cent., and are at a discount of thirty-six.

No. 19.

Dispatch from Lord Harrowby to B. Frere, Esquire; dated Downing-street, 29th September 1804.

Sir,

The preceding Dispatch is written with the view of being read in extenso to M. de Cevailos, in your conference wish him; and if you should find it necessary to make any communication in writing, you will frame it in exact conformity to the instrudions contained in that dispatch.

After the step which has been taken by the Court of Spain, it is impoflibie to rely implicitly upon any assurances, however positive; and you will therefore take the most speedy and effectual means of learning, with certainty, at Ferrol, at Carthagena, and at Cadi/, whether the armaments have been countermanded, and the orders for that purpose are actually in the course of execution; and you will forward, without delay, the intelligence you may receive from those ports.

In every view in which the subject has been considered here, it has appeared so improbable that any explanations can be given by the Court of Spain, of the motives of this armament, which can induce His Majesty to acquiesce in its continuance, that I have not adverted to that case: but if, contrary to expectation, any explanation should be offered, which in your judgment appears satisfactory, you are authorized to suspend your departure from Madrid until His Majesty's pleasure can be taken; but you will expressly declare, that you have no authority to suspend, during that interval, the execution of those measures of precaution which His Majesty has already thought necessary to direct to be taken,

B. Frere, Esquire.

No. 20.

Extra# of a Dispatch from B. Frere, Esquire, to Lord Harrowby; dated Madrid, 12th October 1804. (Received ad November.)

The accounts which I have received from Mr. Duff since my last mention that there is no appearance whatever in the harbour of Cadiz of an intention to arm.

No. 21.

Translation of a Letter from the Chevalier d'Anduaga to Lord Ifarrowby.—(Received the 23d December 1804.)

My Lord, Fortlatid-Place, and December 1804.

After the abrupt and unexpected manner in which the British Charge d'Affaires at Madrid has broken off all diplomatic communication with the Spanish Cabinet, I might well dispense with recalling to your Excellency's attention the completely pacific proceedings which have constantly marked the fyfterfi followed by my Court towards England; but deliring, conformably to his Majesty's orders, to shew to the last moment that spirit of conciliation which confututes the essence of my million, and the distinguishing characteristic of my Sovereign, 1 have thought it my duty to make yet one more effort, tending to shew in its true light the frank and friendly conduct which the King has not ceased to displuy since the rupture between France and England, amidll the difficulties of his situation with regard to the two belligerent Powers.

From the very moment that the King had learned the commencement of lioftilities between France and England, his Majesty gave all his attention to the manner in which he should conduct himself, in order to prevent all room for discontent on the part of these two states, and to the system which he would have to follow in such a conjundure, in order to conciliate his engagements as the Ally of France with his duties of friendship towards England. Although his Majesty knew very well, that his quality of auxiliary to the first of thele Powers was in nowise incompatible with that of friend to the second, he was, from the very first, perfectly sensible, and his opinion has been since confirmed by accounts from his Minister at London, that the British Government would, with difficulty, coufent to his fui niftiing to France succours, such as are stipulated by the Treaty of 1796. In this persuasinn, and, in order to remove every hostile appearance in his connections with the latter Power, he resolved to propose to his Ally the conclusion of a new Treaty, by which pecuniary succours should be substituted for the succours in troops and ftiips, which he had engaged to furnifti to France by the Treaty of Alliance. After long and difficult negotiations, the King congratulated himself on having at last obtained the object of his amicable views, by the conclusion of a Treaty of Sublkly.

Confiding in the uprightness of his intentions, and in the pacific

575

sentiments which had prompted him to take this step, his Majesty was fully persuaded that the British Government would not fail to appreciate this very unequivocal mark of friendship. The complaints brought forward soon afterwards by Mr. Frere against the above-mentioned Convention—complaints which he baa at different times renewed, though always in very vague terms, and without ever making 1 V an essential and decisive point of them—were therefore a real subject of surprize to his Catholic Majesty. Nevertheless, answers full of moderation and candour were by his order made to them, in which answers were set forth the motives which had led him to make a Treaty of which the English Government had the less room for complaint, as it was solely out of regard to them that his Majesty had determined to conclude it.

At nearly the same time, His Britannic Majesty's Minister having addressed to my Court representations on the armaments which he pretended were carrying on in our ports, and which he supposed to be directed against England, his Majesty ordered answers to be fn like manner made to him, 44 That the views of the Spanish Government were very far from any motive of hostility; that His Britan- nic Majesty could not mistake pacific intentions of the King of 44 Spain, who had given Him so many incontestible proofs of friend- ship; and that these proofs were manifested as well in the sacrifices 44 made by the King to secure Peace, as in the severity exercised,

44 even before it was demanded, towards those of his subjects who 44 had acted contrary to the duties of Neutrality. In fine, that, according to these data, there did not exist the least cause for appre- bending that Spain would engage in further armaments, for that 44 would be acting against her pacific system."

At the same time, as the Court of Madrid was not enabled to form an exalt and fixed judgment of the principles and the conduct which the British Government proposed to follow, on account of the equi«* vocal language in which Mr. Frere always enveloped his representa-tions, it invited him to express himself in a clear and precise manner as to the intentions and the views of his Government with regard to Spain. It was in conlVquence of this frank and friendly invitation, that His Britannic Majesty's Minister at last particularized to my Court, in a Note which he transmitted to it on the 18th February last, the conditions on which his Government would be disposed to recognize the Neutrality of Spain. These conditions were, the suspension of all ulterior armament, and the prohibition of the sale of prizes in his Majesty's dominions. Not having exuded others, it is perfectly clear, that the British Ministry engaged itself thereby to respect the Neutrality, as soon as the King, my raafter, should acquiefee in these conditions.

His Majesty, who had resolved to make every sacrifice compatible with the welfare of his people, in order to secure to them the benefits of a solid Peace, determined to forbid the sale of prizes in his kingdoms; which prohibition took place on the 23d March last. And with regard to the armaments be renewed the assurances, which the British Government had already received on this head; assurances the fmcerity of which was well guaranteed by the lively interest which his Majesty has constantly attached to the maintenance of Peace, since the rupture between France and England.

This eagerness of the King to fulfil all the wishes of the British Cabinet, and the painful sacrifice which his Majesty had just made of the advantages which the sale of prizes in the ports of Spain held out to Spanish commerce, ought to have completed the confidence of England, and to have eradicated from the opinion of its Government every atom of doubt on the pacific sentiments of my Court; Accordingly, the English Minister feeined to have felt all the value of such sacrifices, since he brought forward no more complaints, and that the most perfect harmony seemed every day to unite more and more the two Governments.

Such were the relations subsisting between the two nations, when, in the month of September last, fonie discontent having broken out in Biscay, his Majesty ordered the embarkation of a part of the troops which were in garrison at Ferrol, in order to their being transported without delay to the place where the disorder had occurred. Then it was, that the enemies of Spain, founding the alarm, under the pretext that considerable armaments were carrying on in her ports, fought to communicate their feigned uneafmefs to the British Government, by placing before them in the most hostile colours, a measure as foreign to the interests of England, as it was indispenskble to the (lifting in their birth, movements which had manifested themselves in a province of Spain. Then it was, that the British Charge d'Aftairesy hurried on by reports which malevolence had exaggerated, and without examining either the nature, the extent, or the well-known object of these pretended armaments, made complaints of them in a Note, dated the 27th September last, in which he representf d them as an hostile aggression against his Government, and as a defiance given to England; and expressed himself in other terms not less injurious to the reputation of the King, than contrary to the relations which fub-fifted between the two countries.

Although such reproaches, in return for the proofs which the King had always given of his eagerness to strengtheo the bonds of friendship

Appendix, (No. 4.)

1* Februarii,

continued.

Appendix*

J. 1S05.

Appendix,

(No. 4.)

0 Februarii,

continued»

ship. which united him to the British Government, were of a nature to excite in him the greatel't surprize, his Majesty, nevertheless, di-reded answers to. the intemperate representations of Mr. Frere, to be made with that moderation which is -the most llriking point in the hillory df his political conduct; a moderation the more signal from this circumstance, that the above-mentioned armament, which excited so much sensation, was confined within the limits prescribed by an agreement, which was Concluded on the 19th October 1803, between the two Governments, since it was redrafted to the fame number of vest'els which were already armed before this epoch; and what proves still more clearly the pacific views of the King, is, that the armament in queliion had been suspended by his Majesty's orders some days before the British Charge d’Affaires had brought forward his complaint on the subject.

Notwithstanding this, notwithstanding the assurances of frieudship and good faith exprefifed in the answer of my Court, notwithstanding the absolute cetVation of these pretended armaments, on which the enemies of peace had founded their criminal hopes, (a cellation of which the British Charge d’Aftaires could not be ignorant,) instead of softening the menacing tone which he had at iirll adopted, instead of resuming that friendly language which the perfect justification of my Court required of him, he did but accumulate freth reproaches, the harfhnel's and injustice of which began to reveal the hostile system . which he has not since discontinued.

- The British Government on their fide, forgetting on a sudden the pacific relations which they had maintained during several months with my Sovereign, and without waiting for more exnd and less suspicious information oi\our preparations at Ferrol, from whence it had received none hut exaggerated accounts, brought by the Naiad, and which is frill more astonishing, without paying attention to the information which I transmitted to it through the channel of your Excellency, on the innocence and the true object of these pretended armaments, did not hesitate to give that extraordinary order, which, -as well from its nature, as from its disastrous consequences, muflhave liruck with horror every Cabinet in Europe. Instead of beginning t>y demanding explanations from my court on the subject of these tilarms, it breaks off the good underfunding which fulfilled between the two nations, by an act of hostility of which the most rancorous wars scarcely afford an example; -and, as if it feared that the explanations of the Spanish Mini Iter, and ulterior accounts from Spain, would force it to respect a Neutrality to which it seemed absolutely determined to put an end, it battened to make war against her without any previous declaration, and even in the midst of the muff profound peace. The 5th of October was witness to the (bedding of the innocent blood of several women and children, who^perdhed victims of an unheard of violence ! And this blood was thed by the hands of «l nation, whose Government themselves declare afterwards that they are not at war with Spain [

Before the news of this dreadful event came to the knowledge of the King, the British Charge d’Affaires seems to have made it his business to exasperate his Majesty by all imaginable means. Not being able to conceal from hinilclf the frivolity of his accusations relative to our preparations at Ferrol, since their existence had ceased a lung time before, he was obliged to call to his aid some new grievances, as llightly founded as they are destitute of good faith. He did not fail to make new demands, some of them contrary to what had been agreed upon between the two Governments, the others entirely inadmissible from their injurious tendency. Thus it is that he exacted from my Court the engagement, " That no armament 44 whatever should be carried 011" in the ports of Spain; whilst his Government and himself had consented that the naval forces of Spain should be kept up on the fame footing as they were at the time of the above-mentioned agreement. Thus it is, that he pretended that his Majesty had always refused to give a distinct explanation with regard to his engagements with France; that without this previous communication the British Government had never been willing to consent to the neutrality of Spain; in short, thus it is, that he ended, hv imperiously demanding this communication, although without declaring what would be the ulterior conduct of his Court, >n case his Majesty should acquiesce in this demand.

The King, my mailer, might have refused an answer to this extraordinary summons. The inaccuracy of the suppositions on which it is founded, and the previous dtps of the British Ministry, who, amongst the conditions fixed by England for the acknowledgment of the Neutrality, had not comprized the necessity of a limilar corrnnu-•nication, luiilciently authorized his Majesty not to attend to a demand of this nature. Your Excellency knows that, immediately after the erru luiion of the Treaty of Subsidy, the British Government addressed to my Court representations, the object of which was by no means to demand a distinct explanation with regard to the engagements which -that Treaty contained, but positively 44 To declare that the furnithing " the pecuniary Advances, as stipulated in the Convention concluded 44 with France, could not be looked upon otherwise than as a War 44 Subsidy, Sec/' These expressiuns, the very fame as 11 fed by the British Muniter in the Note which he delivered to this etfod on the

third of December lad, do not admit the doubt that his Government was not at that time thoroughly acquainted with the contents of the al*ove-mentioned Convention. Had it been otherwise, could Mr. Frere have held tins language without knowing the extent of our Subsidies, especially after having declared in the lame Note, 44 That his Government was disposed to overlook such pecuniary facriiices as Ihfmld " not be of sufficient magnitude* to ioifcc attention on account of their " political elsecH?" If therefore they were then acquainted with the amount of the sums. which his Majesty had to pay to France, how could they now be ignorant of it ? And not being ignorant of it, what end do they at present propose to thcnilblves in demanding the d:f* closure of a fee ret which could never have been one to them?

Supposing even that his Majesty’s engagements with Fiance, with respect to the Subsidies, should full remain a iny fiery to the British Government, it would not be less true, that they have no longer the right to demand a distinct explanation on this subject, at lead, as a condition elsentiul to the maintenance of Peace, if the British Government attached lb lyuch importance to this communication, that they thought it right to make it a condition, without w inch they would not engage to relped the Neutrality of Spain, they ought to have expressly declared lb at tin; epoch, when, yielding to the foil-citations of my mailer, they fixed the halls of a permanent and l»>lid Neutrality. Not having then acted in this manner, they had no longer a right to do so; fur ©therwife, that ad, whereby the conditions essential to Neutrality were settled, and the object of which whs evidently to remove the uncertainty of those relations which fubnfted between the two Courts, would be entirely ilhdbry, since it would still leave to England a facility of continually adding fresh conditions to those already anreed on. Hence it follows, that the British Government could 110 longer exact a distinct explanation on the subject of the Subsidies, as the price of their respect for the-Neutrality of Spain, so long as the two conditions relative to the armaments, and to the sale of prizes, should be ilridly fulfilled.

Notwithstanding all these motives, according to which the King might have dispensed with answering directly to Ibis demand, Ins Majesty, putting himself above nil those considerations natuially excited determined by the irregular conduct of Mr. Frere, has even coiidelcemied to make an explicit and satisfuclory answer, in renewing to him a similar alluranee to that which I had already given by his order to the British Government; namely, that the Subsidies ftipuluted by the Convention are but an equivalent fur the succours in troops and ships which he was obliged by the Treaty of 1796 to furnish to France, and that, in that Convention, there is no article prejudicial to England, or contrary to the laws of Neutrality. This moderate, frank, and satisfactory answer-of my Court served but to produce irdh complaints on the part of the British Charge d’Affaires, who did not hesitate at the same time to demand his passports. His Majesty, constantly faithful to his principles of moderation, endeavoured to prevent, by ever}' means compatible with his dignity, the consequences of so extraordinary a demand, and did not make any difficulty in reiterating to him again the moll amicable and moll frank affuraace, as well on the Subsidies, as on the Armaments; but all his efforts have been useless. At length, perceiving that he was obltinate in wishing to leave Madrid, since in the space of seven days he had fonr times demanded his passports, and that, at the lait Iblicitation, he had even threatened to remain there as a private individual, or else to depart without passports, the King found hiiulelf under the ne-ceftity of granting them to him, however unplealing for his Majesty might be the consequence which would arise liom so precipitate a flop.

At the same time that this unexpected stroke deprived his Majesty of nearly all the hopes he had till then entertained, his heart was penetrated with the deeped affliction, on learning the dreadful event of the 5th of October, and the disastrous circumfntuces by which it had been accompanied. Although the details, which he received from all quarters, and the uniformity of all the accounts, gave to this intelligence all the force of an indubitable fad, his Majesty, under the influence, of the invariable rectitude of his sentiments, and not having as yet received official information on this head, flattered himself by calling in question the reality of a limilar outrage: at lead, he could not personde hinilelf that it had been caused by an order issued by the British Government. 11 is Majesty has consequently ordered me to demand of them categorical explanations on the detention of his frigates, on the inllrudions which may have been font to the English commanders, and on the motives- which may have induced the British Charge d’Atfkires to break oft' ail communication with the Spanish Ministry.

, Notwithstanding the coincidence of such alarming intelligence, with the irregular conduct of Mr. Frere,- the King could nut rtfolve to take any measure which had the lead appearance of huftiiity—fo much had he at heart the continuance of I’eace! It was not till after having learnt, in an authentic manner, the ad of violence ex-crcifed on the above-mentioned frigates, by virtue of an express order of the British Government, that his Majesty found himself under the necessity, in order to coniult the interest of his people, to

#rder

le

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix

577

order an embargo to be laid, by way of reprisals, on all English property throughout his dominions.

In this It ate of things, if the King can no longer flatter himself with the hope of im accommodation, if the system, manifested for fonie time pa ft by England, ffems to render inevitable a rupture between two nations, of which the reciprocal interest ought to lead them to live always in good understanding with each other, his Majesty has not at leal! ■abandoned the desire to listen to pacific overtures, and is (till disposed to avail hiinfelfof all the means of conciliation which may be compatible with the dignity of his crown, and the lafety of his kingdoms.

But if, not with flamling tills conciliatory and pacific declaration, which I have the honour, conformably to the wishes of the King, my in after, to make to your Excellency, the British Government should decide on taking the reibhition to declare open war against him, his Majesty in that case, confiding in the fidelity of his subsists, and in the purity of his confidence, will have recourl’e to those forces which Providence has entrufred to him for the defence of his people, and will commit 10 the fortune of war the result of a conflict which he has in no degree provoked, and with the consequences of which he will accordingly not have to reproach himself.

1 avail myself of this opportunity, &c.

(Signed) The Chev. D'A?i(luuga.

To his Excellency Lord IJarrowby,

Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs.

Mr. Cevallos, in his answer, has described this declaration as the balis of a Neutrality binding upon Great Britain. Afterwards, in his correspondence with my Brother, whose full object was to bring back the Spanish armaments to the llate in which they had been left in consequenre of this declaration, Mr. Cevallos goes a step further, and calls it a Convention of Neutrality proposed by Great Britain: T hisv-is in his Note of the 29th of October 1804, winch can have no allu-fion but to the Declaration of tire 24th of January and the 18th of February. Again, in lus Note oI the gd of November, he refers to a Convention or Treaty of Neutrality 01 the 19th of October 1803; meaning, I suppole, the Treaty of Sub tidy with France, the ftipiila-tions of which, though* they have never been communicated, lie refers to as known; and in a manner implying that they were mutually binding upon Great Britain and Spain. I cannot but imagine that Mr. D'Anduaga mu ft have been milled by tneie two circumstances; and that seeing it after ted in Mr. Cevallos* Note of the 29th of October, that there existed a Treaty of Neutrality, which had been proposed by Great Britain; and again, in the Note of the 3d of November, that the state of the armaments was to be regulated by a Convention of the 19th of October; he may have concluded that they were one and the fame, and consequently may h ive alfixed to this imaginary treaty the date of the one concluded with France. My conjecture may be wrong, hut Mr. D’Anduagus affeition appear? to me inexplicable in any other way.

I am, &c.

G. Hammond, Esquire. (Signed) J. II. Frere.

Appendix, (No. 4.)

2d Februarii\

continued.

No. 22.

Letter from George Hammond, Esquire, to J. II. Frere, Esquire; dated Downing-street, 24th December 1804.

Sir,

I he it f.w it 11 inclose to you the Extract of a Note from the Chevalier d\\ nduaga, dated the 22d of this month, in which you will observe an affei tion of that Minister, that the naval armament carried on in the ports of Spain was confined to the limits prescribed by an agreement concluded on the 19th of October 1803, between the British and Spanish Governments. No traces of any such agreement having been found in the correspondence of this office, I am directed to request that you will state to me, for the information of His Majesty s Government, whether you ever entered into any agreement, ex pi effect or implied, with the ^panish Mmillers, which can in any degree warrant the assertion of the Chevalier d’Anduaga to which I have adverted.

I am, &c.

J. H. Frere, Esq. Geo. Hammond.

(Inclosure in No. 22.)

Translation of an Extrad of a Note from the Chevalier d’Anduaga to Lord Harrow by; dated 22d December 1804.

Although such reproaches, in return for the proofs which the King had always given of his euperness to strengthen the bonds of friendship which united him to tlio British Government, were of a nature to excite in him the greatest surprize, his Majesty, nevertheless, directed answers to the intemperate representations of Mr. Frere, to be made with that moderation which is the most striking point in the history of his political conduct; a moderation the more signal from this circurnftance, that the above-mentioned armament, which excited so much sensation, was confined within the limits prescribed by an agreement, which was concluded on the 19th October 1803, between the two Governments, since it was reftruded to the fame number of vessels which were already armed before this epoch; and what proves full more clearly the pacific views of the King, is, that the armament in question had been suspended by his Majesty s orders some days before the British Charge d’Affaues had brought forward his complaint on the subjccL

No. 24.

Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant General Nugent to the Right honourable Lord Ilobart; dated Jamaica, 14th January 1804.

I have just received the enclosed Extract of a Letter from St. Jago de Cuba, of the 8th instant; and, as the intelligence is fully credited by the gentleman who forwarded it to me, I have advised the Admiral of its contents. The French troops alluded to are parts of the garrisons of Port au Prince, under General La Valette; Cape Nicola Mole, under General Noailles; and Jeremie; which escaped from our cruizers; together with a considerable number of fiek and cou-valefcents, whom it was considered as unsafe to bring away, or to retain in Jamaica. I am sorry that the reduction in our numbers here will not permit me to reinforce Providence; but I am confident in the efticaey of our naval force for the protection of that Aland and its dependencies.

We shall look with a very jealous eye towards Cuba, in which island the French troops have been, contrary to the pretended Neu trality of the Spanish Government, moll glaringly permitted to remain embodied, and privateers to be fitted out, notonously the property of, and manned by Frenchmen.

No. 25.

Ext raft of a Letter from Governor Halkett to the Right honourable Lord Hobart; dated Bahamas, 26th January 1804.

I have the honour to inform your Lordship, that by information just received here from different parts of the coast of Cuba, there cannot, I think, be any doubt but that an expedition is i immediately intended against this place by a body of French troops that have been landed, under General Noailles, in that island from Si. Domingo.

1 am so confident of the authenticity of the information, and of their intention against this island, that I shall immediately give information of it to General Nugent and Admiral Duckworth at Jamaica, and also to Sir Andrew Mitchell at Bermuda, to reqlicit fume additional protection, if possible, without delay.

No. 23.

Letter from J. TI. Frere, Esquire, to George Hammond, Esquire; dated London, 24th December 1804.

Sir,

I have just received your letter. The expression in the Chevalier D’Anduaga’s Note is quite unintelligible to me. It appears to assert the existonce of foniething of the nature of a written Treaty upon the subject of the Spanish armaments, and it assigns the 19th of October 1803, as the date of this supposed agreement. It is certain, nevertheless, that no Convention or Agreement, cither written or verbal, ever passed between Mr. Cevallos and me, either then or at any other time. A declaration indeed was made in the Notes addressed to Mr. Cevallos on ti c 24th of January dud the iSth of February, Hating, that II is Majesty's Government was disposed, in hopes of better times, to exercise for the present a discretional forbearance; yet that this forbearance would cease the moment that Spain departed from her flatus quo with respect to armaments.

Voo (io.

’ (Translation of Inclosure in No. 25.)

St. Jago de Cuba, 8th January 1804.

A French agent arrived here two days ago, who is laid to have great authority. The Spanish will not as yet recognize him. which circumstance has not, however, prevented lus leaving a Deputy, for the purpose of adjudging prizes.

General Noailles has left Barracoa, together with his army (which consists of from 1,000 to 1,200 men,) on their way to Porto Principe, where he is to organize and augment it Some persons have been sent by him to that town, in order to recruit them secretly. Jt is affirmed, that he has an intention of making himself inafter of v la Providence, but I hope that he will be Hopped in his way thither. Privateers are in greater number than ever; every body is fitting them out.

7 H-

Jso. 26.

Appendix,

(No. 4.)

2’ Februarii, continued.

578 Appendix. ' 1805.

No. 26.

Extract of a Letter from Governor Ilalkett to the Right honourable Lord Ilobart; dated Bahamas, 3d February 1804.—(Received 9th of April following.)

Since I had the honour of writing to your Lordship on the 26th ultimo, Admiral Duckworth has sent another (loop of war to this Ration, so that I have no doubt, with the other vessels already equipped in this port, and the 1‘tepg adopted for the defence of the itland, we shall be enabled to give a good account of the intended French equipment, when it arrives.

In addition to the corroborated information I have received relative to this subject, Admiral Duckworth mentions, that the French force under General Noailles, at Baracoa, amounted to between 1,000 and 1,a00 men; that he was organizing and encreasing his force; that lie had been employing secret agents for the purpose of promoting his plan ugainli this island (of which 1 had received good information), and mentioning the quarter where it was suppqfed they would attempt a landing. Every precaution, however, has 1 think been taken, and it is extremely improbable that they can arrive without notice being given of their approach; and effectual refinance made to their progress, by the vessels which have been employed for this purpose.

Indeed, by an account received from the coast of Cuba, I think that it is likely that General Noailles has been recently killed in an action which took place on that coast with one of the armed private vessels from this port, the Captain of which very imprudently permitted him felt* to be boarded in the night-time by a French vessel, having on board about 350 French soldiers; the Captain of the British vessel was killed, together with a great number of his crew, and the vessel captured. I under and that eighty or ninety of the French soldiers were killed in the action, and that General Noailles died of his wounds.

No. 27.

Lx trad of a Letter from Governor Halkctt to the Right honourable Ix>rd Hobart, &c. &c. Ac.; dated Government-Louse, Bahamas, 11th February 1804.—(Received 9th of April following.)

I had the honour to inform your Lordship, by the way of America, on the 26th ultimo and 3d intrant, of an intended attack upon the island of New Providence, by a body of French troops (amounting, by the latest accounts, to from twelve to fifteen hundred men), who had fled from St. Domingo, and have been collecting in various parts of the island of Cuba. The corroboration of the intended attempt, and the information of the quarter from which we ought mod particularly to look for them, had been sent to me by Sir John Duckworth from Jamaica.

The principal part of the French force is now at the Havannah, and I have been under the necessity of fending a remonstrance to the Spanish Governor there, with respect to the tacit protection the enemy have been receiving in different places under his command, and demanding an explicit answer on the subject. I can allure your Lordship, that every licp has been adopted here which can add to our security and protection. I have hired all the armed vessels which we can pollibly man in this colony, and 1 think it likely that the preparations which have beru made may prevent their undertaking whaCnothing but their superiority of numbers could have originally (bggeft ed.

No. 28.

ExtraCI of a Letter from Governor Ilalkett to the Right honourable Lord Hobart; dated Government-house, Bahamas, 7th April 1804.—(Received 20th June following.)

T11 e conduct of the Spanish Government at Cuba, with respect to the French, has been, considering the Neutrality, Ihameful in the highest degree. To the remonstrances which I thought it my duty to make to the Governor at the Havannah, he answers, that nothing inconfiltent with the rules of Neutrality had taken place within his Government; and that he confined himself ftridlv to common acts oi humanity or liolpitality to the French who had arrived them*. This he afii rts; although it is a notorious fad, that the whole of the extensive coast of the Island of Cuba has for several months been a Shelter and protection to the numerous Fiench privateers who infeft those leas, and has afforded them safe and convenient places of deposit for their prizes. In the Havannah itself, armed vessels have been fitted out by the French, have proceeded to fca and immediately returned with valuable Britishi prizes, part of whose cargoes have teen tlifposed ot in that port without any questions or interference, i here are now in the Havannah four valuable homeward-bound Jamaica ships, and tour brigs, which they have recently captured and carried to that place. 1 hey have been purchasing vessels and arming them there, axul have been allowed a degree of licence and latitude which can be looked upon as little short of actual hostility on the part of the Spanish Government.

The French squadron in the Havannah amounts to about ten aimed vessels of different defciiptions, und they have purchased three American ships for transpom. If they proceed towards Europe, 1 think it probable they will meet with Admiral Mitchell's squadron from Bermuda, as I have sent early information to him of their probabU motions.

No. 29.

' Extract of a Letter from Governor Ilalkett to the Right honourable lx>rd Hobart; dated Government House, Bahamas, 19th May 1804.

I am happy to inform your Lordship, that the French troops under the command of General La Valette, have at leiigth left the island of Cuba. Some of them have, I believe, proceeded with the intention of joining the French, who, it is reported, still hold podession of the city of St. Doiningo. Others of them, I imagine, have gone to Charleston in their way to Europe. La Valette, together with Defhayes, the Commodore of this squadron, apd about 2#o of their belt troops, have been cait away on one of the most northern of the Bahama islands, and probably all drowned, except one officer and a few. men, who were picked up by one of the New Providence vessels, and brought to this place.

As I think we can have now no just cause of any apprehension of attack here from the French, I have discontinued the additional hired armed vessels; and 1 hope, before my departure from this island, I shall have cleared off every expence whatever which has been incurred upon this necessary occasion, and which was, in tuy opinion, the undoubted cause of preventing any attempt upon this iffand.

No. 30.

Extract of a Letter from Lieutenant Governor Nugent to the Right honourable Lord Hobart; dated Jamaica, 20th May 1804.

The Governor of the Island of Cuba leaving permitted the French troops which escaped from St. Domingo to assemble and equip themselves for service at the Havannah. Ac. and having also given encouragement to the fitting out of privateers from the harbours of that island, to the injury of the commerce of Jamaica, Sir J. T. Duckworth and I have thought it necessary at length to write the enclosed letter to the Marquis de Someruelos upon the subject. The Fortunes frigate has not yet returned with an answer.

(Inclosure in No. 30.)

Letter from Lieutenant Governor Nugent and Sir J. T. Duckworth to the Governor of the Havannah; dated King’s House, Jamaica, 19th April 1804.

Sir,

Rear Admiral Duckworth, commanding the squadron of the King, our mailer, in these seas, having in his letters of the 3d of September, 18th of December, and 30th of January, stated to your Excellency the breaches of Neutrality that were continually taking place in the various outports of Cuba, within your Excellency’s government, even to the collecting and organizing a French force under the General of Brigade Noailles, for the purpose of attacking lJis Majesty's Island of New Providence, or other of llis settlements; ive had full reliance on your Excellency's high character, to put a flop to acts so lioiriie as must evidently be deitiudive of that harmony which we thought happily subsisted between the two nations, and which we have endeavoured, by every means, to preserve for the general good <*f l)Oth. It is therefore with great regret we feel ourselves called upon, in our joint situations as Governor and Naval Commander in Chief, to reprel’ent to your Excellency, that we have recently received accounts from the Havannah, the place of your Excellency’s ielidencer that the French troops already alluded to are allowed to assemble there, and to bold out the fame threatening afpec't; and that British vessels, captured determined by French privateers equipped in the Havannah (we may even say under your Excellency's eye), are brought in, and their cargoes taken out; and as a proof, particularize to your Excelleucy the British Queen, which is said to be intended for General Valette and part of his troops; add to this the Brig George, from New Ilrunlwick, a ship from Honduras, a brils, and tclvooner Fly from this island, are part of the raptures. It consequently must be obvious tu your Excellency, a continuance of measurt s so bolide to a nation by whom the lirideft amity is preservtd, mult lead to confoq ucnces most dreadful to refled on.

We therefore have dif|Kitch°d Ills Majesty's Iliip Fortunec to convey our sentiments, and, if possible, to avert the evil which must Ixs the result of a continuance of our enemy.

We have the honour to be, &c.

(Signed) J. Xug'mt,

His Excellency the Marquis de Someruelos, J. T./Duckworth.

Captain-General, Ac. Ac. &c.

No. 31.

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix

579

No. 31.

Order from Sir Edward Pellevv, Bart, to Captain Wallis, of His Majesty’s ship Naiad; dated on board the Tonnant, off the Coatl of Spain, the 15th August 1803.

Ills Excellency the Captain General of Galicia, resident at Corunna, having signified to you, in reply to your request for refreshments and water, that you were at liberty to supply your wants there,

You are hereby required and diretfed to proceed, in His Majesty’s ship you command, into the outer roads of Corunna, and requell of his Excellency the Governor perniiffion to complete your water accordingly; and in case of refusal, you will signify your expectation of receiving that denial, by which he deprives His Majesty's ships of the rights of Neutrality, in writing, that you may transmit it to His Majesty’s Ministers in England.

You are to permit as little communication with the Ihore as pofli-ble, and to be particularly cautious to support the good understanding which at present fublilts between the subjects of the two nations; and in every thing conform yourself with ftrid Neutrality, holding yourself on guard, and ready to come out, if any suspicious circumstances should arise to create alarm in your mind of any hollile intention.

Given on board His Majesty’s /hip Tonnant, off the coast of Spain, 15th Augul't 1803.

Captain Wallis, 11. M. ship Naiad. (Signed) E. Pellav.

No. 32.

Letter from Captain Wallis, of His Majesty’s ship Naiad; dated in Corunna, 16th August 1803.

Sir,

I have to request you will fend me oK, in Spanish boats, fifty tons of water, which shall be paid for in the usual way; as also fre/h beef, if it can be obtained; like wife vegetables, or any kind of refreflunents you may be able to procure. Please to fend me an answer in writing.

I am, Sir, &c. &c. dec.

To His Britannic Majesty’s Acting Consul, /. Wallis.

at Corunna.

No. 33.

Letter from Captain Wallis to the Captain General of Galicia; dated on board His Majesty's ship Naiad, in Corunna> 16th August 1803.

Sir,

I have not hitherto been able to avail myself of your Excellency's permission given the 31st of last month, to water the King’s ship under my command. I am now come for that purpose, and I request your Excellency will permit the gentleman who acts as English Consul to fend me off between forty and fifty tons in Spanish boats, which will complete, the ship’s water, and it shall be regularly paid for.

I am very desirous of manifesting my respect to his most Catholic Majesty, which I shall do by a salute of fifteen guns when I fee his colours hoisted on any of the forts or fortifications, and an assurance in writing from your Excellency, that a similar respect will be shewn to the nation 1 have the honour to belong to, by returning an equal number of guns.

1 beg your Excellency to believe me to be, with high respect and due consideration, your Excellency’s

mod obedient Servant, Captain of His Majesty't ship Naiad. To his Excellency the Captain General ' of Galicia, Ikc. &c. &c.

No. 34.

Letter from Patrick Morrogh, Esquire, His Majesty's Consul at Corunna, to Captain Wallis, of the Naiad; dated 17th August 1803.

Sir,

In answer to your letter of yesterday’s date, I have to inform you, that the letter you wrote to the Captain General was handed to him this morning, with its translation. He acquiesces in your demand, that you may have the necessary supplies of water and refreshments, and that you and your Officers may come on shore whenever you may think fit; but he cannot in what you require of the salute, gun for gun, as this is only practised, by late treaties, with Russia and France; but he will return the salute, as with all other nations in amity, with two guns less.

1 fend the bearer, with a boat, for the calks to be filled with water; but I must observe to you, it will take fume days to get the quantity you want. 1 shall fend off this evening five hundred pounds of Tre/h beef, and have sent into the country for two bullocks and thirty sheep, as they are not to be had this day in town, and expect to be

able to fend them to you tomorrow evening. You will please mention what kind of refreshments, and quantity thereol, you would have sent off, which shall be immediately complied with.

I remain, &c.

James Wallis, Esquire. Pot. Morrogh.

No. 35.

Letter from Mr. Morrogh, Bj itiffi Consul at Corunna, to Captain James Wallis; dated 17th August 1803.

Sir,

Since writing to you this morning, I have received the cnclofed letter for you, from the Captain General, requesting I would fend you a translation of it; on reading it, I immediately waited on his Excellency, and used all the arguments in ray power to diifuade him from the order he had given not to let come on shore your officers, but could not prevail on him, as he fays his orders are lo pointed from Court, on the head of vessels having had any intercourse with any from the West India islands. 1 told him tohat 1 did not know that you had captured any from thence, and that if you did, you had taken every precaution, as is always done; I think you had better enforce this point in your answer to his Excellency. I have got the ca/ks put into Spanish boats, and shall have them filled as soon as possible; until some further determination, I shall fend off in Spanish boats w hat you may demand. You will please to excuse halte, as the gentlemen have been kept too long in the boat.

1 am, &c.

Eat rich Morrogh.

(Inclosure in No. 35.)

Translation of the Governor of Corunna's answer lo Captain Wallis’s first letter, dated Coiunna, 17th August 1803.

Sir,

I haV£ received your letter of yesterday’s date, and being desirous ta serve you in whatever lays in my power, 1 have mentioned to the British Agent here that he may get you supplied with water, or whatever refreflunents you may require; and the fame I will do whenever it lays in my power.

It has been repeatedly reported here that you have captured several vessels from St. Domingo, which, on account of the epidemic fever in that island, has spread universal alarm throughout; and the Health Board, as well as myself, have received the ftri&elt orders from Court to enforce a quarantine in all vessels coming from the West India Islands, or those who may have had any intercourse with them; for which reason it lays me under the disagreeable necessity to inform you the Board of Health will not consent that any of your officers or men come on shore, nor have any intercourse with the inhabitants; nor can 1 permit your vessel to enter this port without (he is to perform quarantine.

In regard to the salute, the orders we have, are, to treat all men of war in amity with his Catholic Majesty as we do our own; and it is only by the late Treaties with Russia and France that gun for gun is returned, otherwise I should find great pleasure in being able to comply with your request, not only in this, but in any thing else you think I can be of service to you; and remain truly,

Sir,

Y’our attentive humble Servant.

No. 36.

Latter from Captain Wallis to the Captain General of Galicia; dated on board His Britannic Majesty's ship Naiad, in Corunna, the 17th August 1803.

Sir,

I am to acknowledge the receipt of your Excellency's letter of this date, the contents of which I must confess myself at a loss bow to account for; and I think it absolutely requi/ite to call your Excellency's attention to the intercourse which has taken place between this /hip and Corunna, since the 30th of last month, which ought to dd away any impression in your mind of my having any infectious disorder on board.

By your letter of the 31ft to me, you expressed your readmefs to me to comply with my request; and as a neutral Nation 1 had a right, it being merely water and refreshments. Understanding I could get those things with more facility at Ferrol, 1 applied to the Governor of that place, who advised me to go to Corunna, where I might anchor, and get whatever I wanted.

Under all these circumstances, I came off here last evening, and was piloted to an anchorage by a Pilot, authorized by you to do so.

Before iun-set I sent an Officer from this /hip on shore with the rank of Captain of Infantry, with a letter to your Excellency; this Officer was treated with great insult, and obliged to return to me without being permitted to deliver the letter he was charged with, and this too in the presence of the Officers belonging to the french frigate.

Thi*

Appendix, '

(No. 4.)

Februarii

continued.

580

Appendix

4. 1805.

Appendix, (No. 4.) a0 Februarii,

contiinu d.

This morning at fix o’clock you sent off, what was represented to me to be the Commandant of the Port, and three Gentlemen of the Board of Health; they were with me near an hour, and made many professions of friendship on the part of your Excellency, and an apology for your conduit to the British) Officer last evening; from which’ 1 attribute tfye treatment he met with to human trailty guided by particular influence. They informed ine likewise that the Officers of this ship were by your Excellency’s directions permitted to go on (bore whenever they pleased; and your conversation since that with the British Consul upon the subject, confirmed me in the opinion, that, if they were permitted to go on (bore, they would be treated with that respect they had a right to expect. I sent two of them afterwards, on duty, to get refreffiments; but it would appear that your Excellency’s professions of friendship only led to wish for fresh opportunities to insult the King's Officers under my command; for, when they landed, the centinels pointed bayonets to their breads, and drove them into the boat again, and made them (lay there for two hours, and then they returned on board; and this too is said to be by your order, under a false pretence of my having taken St. Domingo ships. Sir, I told the Officers of Health this morning, that I had not taken any since I left England; and, individually, you dare not doubt my word; in my public situation you ought to place more confidence. I will not tiefpafs much longer on your Excellency’s time or patience; but T regret exceedingly you are so bad!)* adviied. I muff therefore requeff your Excellency will inform me, in writing, for the information of His Majesty's Ministers, why the King ot England's ship under my command is deprived of the rights of Neutrality ? I hope sincerely your Excellency's conduit on this occasion may not lead to consequences of the most serious nature. Sir, I shall conclude my correspondence with you, by expressing my surprize that you should suppose an English man of war would submit to any thing less than an equal number of guns, even from the moss powerful nation in Europe.

I am, with due consideration, Sir, See. &c.

James Wallis,

Captain of His Majesty's Ship Naiad.

To his Excellency The Captain General of Galicia, Corunna.

No. 37.

Letter from Mr. Patrick Morrogh, Ailing Consul at Corunna, to Captain Wallis of the Naiad; dated Corunna, 17th August 1803.

Sfr,

In answer to your letter ofyefferday's date, I have to inform you, that the letter you wrote to the Captain General was handed to him this morning, with its translation. He acquiesces in your demand that you may have the necessary supplies of water and refrefiiments, and that you and your Officers may come on ffiore whenever you may think fit; but he cannot, in what you require of the salute, gun for gun, as this is only practised by late treaties with Russia and France; but he will retuin the salute as with all other Nations in amity, with two guns less. I fend the bearer with a boat for the calks to be filled with water; but I muff observe to you, it will take some days to get the quantity you want. I shall fend off this evening five hundred pounds of fresh beef, and have sent into the country for two bullocks and thirty sheep, as they are not to be had this day in town, and expect to be able to fend them to you tomorrow evening. You will please to mention what kind of refreffunent, and quantity thereof, you would have sent off; which shall be immediately complied with.

I remain, Sec.

James Wallis, Esq. Pat. Morrogh.

No. 38.

Letter of Captain Wallis of the Naiad to Mr. Morrogh, His Majesty’s Consul at Corunna; dated 17th August 1803.

Sir,

1 have just received your letter; and I beg you to express my thanks to the Captain General for his acquiescence to my request. I am ferry that what his Excellency fays respecting the salute, puts it quite out of my power, as my instrudions strictly forbid my saluting the flag of any Nation, without a certainty of its being returned by an equal number of guns.

You w ill have to hire for the water, as I wish to prevent my men going on ffiore.

I shall give as little trouble as possible, and observe the strictest neutrality; therefore, the less my officers and men go on shore, the better; as it is my intention to fail as soon as I can get the water, which I hope will be by tomorrow evening. I have sent the Purser on shore, to settle with you for the bullocks, sheep, and

vegetables. 1

° Sir,

Your moll obedient Servant,

J. Wallis.

No. 39-

Letter from Patrick Morrogh, Esquire, British Consul at Corunna, to Captain James Wallis;, dated 19th August 1803.

Sir,

I received your kind letter of the 17th inftunt, by last evening’s mail. I informed His Majesty’s Consul General at Madrid with the particulars which occurred with this Captain General, on his not permitting your Officers to come on shore, with such frivolous excuses; and I am sure Mr. Ilunter will do the needful, with more efficacy than any thing here,

Mr. Kearney carries the account of the disbursements; every afliffance and expedition has been done that this place can afford, and shall be happy in hearing if it meets your approbation, and shall be at all times in receiving your commands.

I am, &c. See.

(Signed) Pat. Morrogh.

James Wallis, Esquire.

No. 40.

Extrall of a Letter from Captain Sir Edward Pellew, Bart, to the Honourable Admiral Cornwallis; dated off Cape Prior, the 24th of August 1803.

Sir,

I have the honour to transmit you copies of a Correspondcnc^ between Captain James Wallis, of His Majesty’s ship Naiad, and ih§ Captain General of the Province of Galicia, resident at Corunna, and my order to Captain Wallis, for proceeding to that port to water; upon assurance, before given by the Captain General, of his readinefa to furnish the necessaries that ship stood in need of. I am happy to inform you, that this correspondence, although a little awkward at first, terminated at last amicably, the Governor expi effing his concern that he could not permit the Officers to come on shore, and excusing himselfof any intended difrefped. The motives I acted upon were two; the first, to obtain a direct and digested account of the proceedings of the French lquadron, and their probable objects; the other, to enable me to supply the Mars with water, so as to retain her on her station as long as her provisions lasted. I11 this particular 1 have failed,- the frigate getting only thirty tons; and I do not think, after what passed, and the manifest influence the French officers have over the Captain General, that he will allow of the Naiad’s watering again. On the former part we were more successful, and under and that positive orders have been received from Madrid, not only to equip the whole of the Spanifti fleet at Ferrol, but to refit in every particular the French squadron, and to allow them to impress all Frenchmen in their Ports, to complete their complements. We learn, however, by the fame means, that the arlenal is extremely low in every department; and it is said, they have not (lores sufficient to complete the French ships alone.

No. 41.

Extract of a letter from Rear-Admiral Sir Robert Calder, Baronet, to Uonminih1eAdniir.il Cornwallis; dated on board His Majesty’s ship Prince of Wales, off Corunna, the 12th September 1803.

Captain Prowse reports the Spaniards have received orders to fit out here four fail of the line; and they further say, that Franct has demanded their afliffance, and that they fear they shall be com* peiled to join them in the War against England. If I may judge from their conduit towards this squadron, I should suppose there can be little doubt but that there is something of this kind in agitation between France and Spain at tins time; I have therefore conlrantly given orders to the frigates not to anchor at Corunna, when they have lent their boats in to gain intelligence, See. &c. The other day I directed Captain Prowse to fend his boat into a bay to get some sand; when Ihe landed on the beach, an officer's party came dov.n to order them off; but on a little expoftulution the officer (wl>o was an Irishman) said, " he might take the sand, but that his orders were " to order them off directly.'* As a corroborating eirciunftance, of my opinion respecting the lioitile appearances of the Spaniards, I find they are very busy here in remounting their cannon upon their batteries; and they say the French threaten to march 40,000 men into their country directly, if they do not join them.

No. 42.

Extrait of a letter from Sir Edward Pellew to the Honourable Admiral Cornwallis; dated Tonnant, entrance of Betancos Bay, 7th January 1804.

I have procured a small supply of fresh beef which is in itself cheap; but the Spatiiffi Government having demanded the duties, has nearly doubled its price.

The French squadron pay no duty; and I shall therefore write Mr. Frere, at Madrid, upon it. This supply was absolutely necessary, and of infinite service to the people lb completely out of clothing.

No. 43-

45 Geo. Ilfs.

Appendix.

581

No. 43.

Extrad of Information from Sir Edward Pellew; received in Admiral Cornwallis s Letter of the i ith January 1804.

A few days since the Spaniards have been much employed mounting cannon in all their forts; and the garrison at Ferrol is augmented to 7,000 troops. They have made no alteration with respect to their ships, except the two intended for the West Indies, which are getting forward.

Sir,

No. 44.

Letter from Don Diego Contador, Governor of Ferrol, to Sir Edward Pellew, Baronet; dated 14th February 1804.

I am informed by the Governor of the Cattle of Palmo, that a Wit belonging to the squadron under your command, and having an English officer on board, has passed through the mouth of this harbour, and entered it in the middle of the night, without obeying the Governor's orders not to proceed to their delunation before daylight, according to the edublished orders for all boats and small vessels, either national or ft rangers.

I am also informed, that the squadron under your command has anchored at the mouth of the harbour between the batteries, which greatly annoys the coming in or going out.

Your Eminence knows that I have strictly conformed myself to the la\*s of Nations and of Neutrality, not only by facilitating the supplying the squadron Under your commarid with meat, bread, and all other provisions, refreshments, and succours, according to the rules of hospitality, but that even I did not object to yotir ships entering the harbours under my command, when the hardships of the sea and the damages sustained by the weather made it neeefiaVy; but as it is contrary to the fame laws and rules of Neutrality that the boats of the squadron under your command should enter this port contrary to orders, in the night-time, which is not allowed even with flags of truce; or that the fame squadron, without being forced to it by distress of weather, or any other necessity, should anchor at the harbour’s mouth, and in the very entrance of it, I find myself obliged to requell your Eminence to acquaint me with the motive which may have induced you to ad in this manner; and I have no doubt that henceforward your Eminence will tahe example by my conduct, and faithfully observe the laws of Nations and Neutrality, by not fending your boats at night into our ports, and making use of the Spanish territories; harbours, and succours, but as much as hospitality requires, and so as not to give room to suspect that I connive at the abuse of that hospitality to the prejudice of other Nations, which are equally on terms of neutrality with this Country, and have ships of war in this harbour.

I beg, &c. he. &c.

(Signed) Diego Contador,

, Governor of Ferrol, he. he.

To Sir Edward Pellew, Baronet, he. he. he.

No. 45.

Letter from Sir Edward Pellew, Baronet, to Don Diego Contador* Governor of Ferrol; dated on board His: Majesty s ship Tonnant, off Ferrol, the 16th February

1804.

Sir,

I was last evening honoured with your Excellency's Letter of yesterday's date, and am concerned to find that it wears so much the complexion of real complaint. The want of a person to translate the Castilian language has delayed my reply; and I have to apprehend that we have not put a proper constructiou on all its parts. I did not, however, lose a moment in calling to account the Officer who had broken my pofttive orders, by entering your harbour in the night. His defence I enclose herewith, observing only, that this young Officer was actuated by no improper motive whatever: it was the giddiness of youth. The boat was certainly not armed, and was the smallest in the cutter. But so little am I disposed to justify the opinion, that I have put him under arrest, to be tried by a Court Martial, where he will meet the punishment due to his inlubordi-nation.

T trust, however, (and have great pleasure in the expectation) from the personal inclination your Excellency has so uniformly evinced, by affording the squadron of His Britannic Majesty every supply confident with neutrality and friendship, that this trivial circumstance (which I could not controul) will not lead to disturb the good understanding and harmony so happily commenced. I shall maniteft, by every means, my strong inclination for its continuance, and my regret at any event which may disturb it. With respect to the occasional anchorage of the ships under my command, your Excellency has been misinformed, i trust it is not such as can give umbrage to your Excellency, or to the Spanish nation. I am sent upon the coast of Galicia by the King, my matter, to protect the commerce of his sub-

jedts trading to the ports of Spain. In performing this service, it cannot with truth be said, that I have given trouble to the (Trips of any nation, either entering or departing from them. I have acted up to the spirit of exact Neutrality, and the existing Treaties; and, with the exception of the cutter (to which your Excellency had giveb permission to go into Ferrol to receive supplies) there is no ship anchored within the batteries, but in the open ocean. In eailerly winds I occasionally anchor to prevent being blown off, and in westerly winds I anchor to prevent being shipwrecked upon the coast. I cannot give your Excellency two more powerful reasons; and I entertain no doubt that they will prove satisfactory, and that I shall continue to experience the fame attention and respect to the flag of my Sovereign as is shewn to that of any other neutral nation enjoy-ing the benefit of amity and peace.

I have the honour to be, with great respect, &c. he. he.

(Signed) Eduard Pellew.

To his Excellency Don Diego Contador,

Governor of Ferrol, &c. &c. &c.

Appendixi (No. 4.)

20 Februarii,

continued.

(Inclosure in No. 45.)

Declaration of the Officer in the boat, inclosed in the Letter of Sir Edward Pellew, Bart, to Don Diego Contador, Governor of Ferrol; dated on board His Majesty’s ship Tonnant, the 16th February 1804.

Having been sent on board the Nimble cutter, to be ready to go early in the morning for provisions to Ferrol, it was discovered about midnight that the buoy of the cutter s anchor was gone, and it was doubted if it had not broke from the rope, and drifted up the harbour; upon which I jumped into the boat, with two men and two boys, to look for it. The tide was setting strong into the harbour, and in a few minutes the boat was hurried up under Castle Palmo, and hailed by the sentry, and ordered to go back; upon which I answered in French, that it was an English boat, looking for a buoy broke from the cutters anchor, and begged to go on; after calling, a serjeant, I believe, said I might do so. The boat was unarmed, and I returned in a few minutes. I had no improper motive whatever; and I know the most positive orders were given again!! any boat moving by night. The hurry of the moment, and the rapidity of the tide, gave me no time for reflection, and to that alone is the circumstance to be attributed, and for which I aip very sorry.

No. 46.

Letter from Don Diego Contador, Governor of Ferrol, to Sir Edward Pellew, Baronet; dated the 19th February 1804.

Sir,

I am informed by the Commanding Officer of the port of Muelle, that a French (ailor of the ship Hero has ill-treated, with a boathook, the stern of one of the boats belonging to the squadron under the command of your Eminence, which was crofting the port. In consequenca of my complaining of it to M. Gourdon, commanding the French naval forces lying in that port, he hits aiTured me that the offender will meet with a punishment proportionate to his offence; and I have put under arrest the sentries and serjeants on duty at Muclle, for not arrest ing and bringing the aggressor before me. In order to avoid the repetition of similar accidents, I have directed that henceforward the English boats may go to the fouthem, and the French and Dutch to the northern fide of die Muelle; and that proper directions are given to the sentries and other persons on duty, not to suffer the English boats to be insulted in a territory of Spain, whilst it is a neutral nation.

On this occasion M. Gourdon has made complaints of the English boat which entered the harbour the other night, and that the squadron under your command has brought to anchor at the entrance of it for the purpose of espying the movements of the French squadron; upon which points I have communicated to him what has passed between your Eminence and myself upon these subjects; and we must hope that your Eminence, and the squadron under your command, will make no movements in the ports or on the coalis of Spain contrary to Neutrality, or that might give rife to disputesor complaints from any Power allied or neutral with Spain, and which are in consequence entitled to all succours of hospitality and neutrality, although they may be at war and enmity with any other nation.

I am, &c.

• Diego Contador\

Sir Edward Pellew, Bart. he. he. he.

No. 47.

Letter from Don Diego Contador, Governor of Ferrol, to Sir Edward Pellew, Baronet; dated the 19th February 1804.

Sir,

I have received your valuable Letter of the 16th instant, in answer to one I wrote your Eminence on the 15th, in which you have the goodness to resolve the doubts which had occurred to me, and

y I which

582

Appendix.

A. 1805,

Appendix, (No. 4.)

2® Februarii,

continued.

which I had requeued your Eminence to clear up. This Letter has fully convinced me how liri#ly your Eminence adheres to the principles of Neutrality* Ami, as for tho trifling trei'pass of the young Officer who commanded the boat, I have to beseech your Eminence (and I beg leave to offer all the influence my mediation may have) not to bring him to any trial or punishment for a fault which proceeded entirely from want of reste#ion* and which has had no bad consequence whatever. I shall look upon this as a great favour from your Eminence, who may be assured that by my endeavours to oblige you and the squadron under your command (as far as is Compatible with Neutrality) I shall shew you how sensible I am of the polite and obliging attention of your Eminence, and of the conformity of our wifties to preserve the good underdanding which fubfids between our respective nations within the limits of Neutrality.

I remain, See. &c. See.

(Signed) Diego Contador*

To Sir Edward Pellew, Baronet,

&c. See. Sec.

No. 49*

Extra# of a Letter from Sir Edward Pellew, Bart, to the Honourable Admiral Cornwallis; dated on board His Majesty’s ship Tonnant, off Ferrol, the 9th May 1804.

Tut Crews of the squadron are in high health and spirits, and sup. plies of fresh provisions regular; wine and bread have been purchased as occasion required, and five hundred bags of the latter were ready tt be sent on hoard on the day I left the port.

The utmost cordiality prevails between the Spaniards and the squadron, and upon every occasion their civilities are uniform. I haye no doubt, from the readiness with which they supplied an anchor to the Malta, but stores of any fort may be procured and supplied from the arsenal as readily as they are to the French ships, if their Lordships should choose to resort to that measure.

No. 50.

No. 48.

Letter from Sir Edward Pellew, Baronet, to Don Diego, Contador, Governor of Ferrol; dated on board His Majesty's ship Tonn&nt, off Ferrol, the 20th February 1804,

.Sir*

I hap the honour to receive your Letter of the 19th lad evening, and, in reply to it, I beg your Excellency to accept my thanks for the interest you have taken in protecting the subjects of the King, my matter, from the gross insults offered to them by the boat's crew of the French ship Hero.

As the circumdance happened to fall under the observation of several of your mod respedable Officers, it was not my intention to trouble you with any complaint upon the subje#; and I therefore feel the more obliged for your voluntary interference, which I have no doubt will have the proper efte&.

We shall dri#ly conform to the regulations which your Excellency informs me of in landing; and be more cautious than ever to avoid, in every indance, giving any cause for complaint.

I shall have great satisfa#ion in complying with the requed you make me in favour of the Officer who was so imprudent the other night.

Your commands and wishes will be held by me one of the fird objects of my consideration; and have the honour to be, &c.

(Signed) E. Pellew.

Don Diego Contador,

Governor of Ferrol, &c. &c.

Extra# of a Letter from the Honourable Rear Admiral Cochrane to the Honourable Admiral Cornwallis; dated on board His Majesty's ship Northumberland, off Ferrol, the 15th May 1804.

Since I wrote to you by the Nile lugger, I have been endeavouring to supply the immediate wants of the squadron in such species of provisions as the ships (land mod in need of; and I hope to find that I can procure fresh beef delivered on board, free of all cod and expence, at five-pence halfpenny per pound; bread at four-pence pet pound; flour at about forty-five shillings per 196 pounds; and Catalonia wine at from two to two shillings and four-pence per gallon; but as several vessels are expe#ed soon here with that article, it may fall considerably.

No. 51.

Extra# of a Letter from the Honourable Rear Admiral Cochrane to the Honourable Admiral Cornwallis; dated on board His Majesty's ship Northumberland, Betanzos Bay, near Ferrol, the 23d May 1804.

I am in hopes of being able to obtain almost every article of provisions here; and if coals and candles, with a proportion of bread, ura sent from England, we could do very well.

4* Februarii.

LIST of PAPERS, presented by His Majesty's Command, 4th February 1805.

No. 1.—Extra# of a Letter from William Warre, Esquire, His Majesty's a#ing Consul at Porto, to Sir Evan Nepean, Baronet; dated 26th July 1803.

No. 2.—Naval Occurrences reported by Mr. Duff, His Majesty’s Consul at Cadiz, for August 1803.

No. 3.—Extra# of a Letter from Sir J. T. Duckworth to Sir Evan Nepean, Baronet; dated Jamaica, 2d 0#ober 1803.

No. 4.—Extra# of a Letter from James Duff, Esquire, His Majesty’s Consul at Cadiz, to William Marfden, Esquire; dated 14th 0#ober 1803.

No. 5-^Extra# of a private Note from Mr. John Hunter, His Majesty's Consul at Madrid, dated the 22d October 1803, to Sir Edward Pellew.

No. 6.—Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Sir Edward Pellew, Baronet, dated on board His Majesty's ship Tonnant, oft* Ferrol, 24th 0#ober 1803, to the Honourable Admiral Cornwallis.

No. 7.—Naval Occurrences for 0#ober 1803; reported by Mr. Duff.

No. 8.—Naval Occurrences for November 1803; reported by Mr. Duff, His Majesty's Consul at Cadiz.

No. 9.—Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Sir Edward Pellew, Baronet; dated on board His Majesty’s ship Tonnant, oft* Ferrol, id December 1803, to the Honourable Admiral Cornwallis.

Inclosure in No. 9.—Extra# of Information from Sir Edward Pellew, Baronet, to the Honourable Admiral Cornwallis.

No. 10.—Naval Occurrences for December 1803; reported by Mr. Duff, His Majesty's Consul at Cadiz.

No. 11.—Letter from Mr. James Duff, llis Majesty’s Consul at Cadiz, to Sir Evan Nepean, Baronet; dated the 22d December 1803:

No. i2._Extra# of a Letter from Vice Admiral Sir J.T. Duckworth, k.b. Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Ships

and Vessels at Jamaica, to Sir Evan Nepean, Baronet; dated Port Royal Harbour, 15th January 1804.

Inclosure in No. 12.—Extra# of a Letter, dated St. Jago de Cuba, 8th January 1804.

No. 13._Naval Occurrences at Cadiz, for January 1804; reported by Mr. Duff, His Majesty's Consul at that place.

N0( 1^._Extra# of a Letter from the Honourable Admiral Cornwallis to William Marfden, Esquire; dated on board the

Ville de Paris, oft Ufliant, 15th February 1804.

Inclosure in No. 14.—State of the Naval Force in Ferrol, 15th February 1804.

>^0 ^___Letter from Vice-Admiral Sir J.T. Duckworth, dated on board His Majesty’s drip Shark, Port Royal, Jamaica,

yth March 1804, to Sir Evan Nepean, Baronet.

\-0 ^___Letter from Vice-Admiral Sir J. T. Duckworth, dated on board His Majesty's drip Shark, Port Royal, 25th

March 1804, to Sir Evan Nepean, Bart.

Inclosure in No. 16.—Letter from C. Lawson to Sir Evan Nepean, Bart.

,7._Naval Occurrences, reported by Mn Duff, His Majesty’s Consul at Cadiz, for May 1804.

to __Extra# of a Letter frojn Rear Admiral Cochrane to Lord Melville; dated 15th June 1804.

Inclosure in No. 18.—Naval Occurrences at Sedera. jrt__Extra# of a Letter from the Honourable Rear Admiral Cochrane to Lord Melville; dated 24th June 1804.

No’ oq*—Naval Occurrences at Cadiz, for July 1804; reported by Mr. Duff, His Majesty’s Consul at that place.

No 21.—Extra# of a Letter from the Honourable Rear Admiral Cochrane to Lord Melville; dated 23d Augud 1804.

X,.‘ -Naval Occurrences at Cadiz for Augud 18*4; reported by Mr. Duff, His Majesty's Consul at that place.

45 Geo. IlL

Appendix*

583

No. 23.—Extract of a Letter from Rear Admiral Cochrane to Lord Melville; dated 5th September 2804.

Inclosure in No. 23. — Lift of the Squadron of Spanish Ships fitting at Ferrol.

No. 24.—Extract of a Letter from the Honourable Rear Admiral Cochrane to Lord Alelville; dated 11th September 1804. No. 25.—Extract of a Letter from the Honourable Rear Admiral Cochrane to the Honourable Admiral Cornwallis; dated on board 14is Majesty's ship Northumberland, off Ferrol, 19th September 1804.

No. *6.—Extract of a Letter from the Honourable Rear Admiral Cochrane to Lord Melville; dated the 2otb September * 804.

First Inclosure in No. 26.—Letter from the Honourable Rear Admiral Cochrane to the Captain General of Marine, FerroJ; dated llis Britannic Majesty's ship Northumberland, off Ferrol, 14th September 1804. Second Inclosure in No. 26.—letter from the Captam General of Marine at Ferrol, to the Honourable Rear Admiral Cochrane; dated 155th September 1804.

Third Inclosure in No. 26.—Second Letter from the Captain General of Marine at Ferrol to Rear Admiral Cochrane; dated 15th September 1804.

Fourth Inclosure in No. *26.—Letter from Rear Admiral Cochrane to the Captain General of Marine; dated His Majesty's ship Northumberland, off Ferrol, 16th September 1804.

Fifth Inclosure in No. 26.—Letter from the Captain General of Marine to the Honourable Rear Admiral Cochrane; dated the 18th September 1804.

No. 27.—Naval Occurrences at Cadiz, &c. for September 1804; reported by Mr. Duff, His Majesty's Consul at that place. No. 28.—Extract of a Letter from Captain Gore, of the Medusa; dated 55th October 1804.

No. 29.—Letter from Captain J. C. White to Loid Melville; dated 19th October 1804.

Appendix, (No. 4.) 4® Februariif

continued.

No. i.

Extract of a Letter from William Warre, Esquire, His Majesty's acting Consul at Porto, to Sir Evan Nepean, Bart.; dated the 26th July 1803.

I beg leave to mention that this coast is much annoyed by the enemy's small privateers; that they are fitted out from the neighbouring ports of Gallicia; and, considering the nature of this bar, land the approach of winter, the trade is much expo/ed. I have just

received intelligence, that the ship Commerce, of Dublin,-----Grunt

matter, to this place, has been captured by a small French row-boat privateer, from Vigo, and earned into Guarda, m direct violation of Neutrality, having been taken under the guns of the fort.

No. 2

Naval Occurrences; reported by Mr. Duff, His Majesty's Consul at Cadiz, for Align it 1803.

5th. Sailed, storeship Preieatacion, with salt, for Galicia.

17th. The Rufina ingate, 34 guns, with eleven millions rial* vellon, for Carthagena.

18th, Storeship Aurora, with salt, for Galicia.'

19th. Ship Mino, of 50 guns, with ialt, and ten millions rials vellon, for Galicia, to dn a m.

-----lugger Daphne from Algeciras, is gone to the Carracca to

disarm.

Orders have been received at Ferrol for the ships, Neptune of 74 guns, and St. Austin of 74, to take in their artillery, and keep in readiness until farther orders; and the fame dispositions have been given at Carthagena with respect to the Argonaut of 84, and Bahama of 74.

The Aftrea of 34 guns, with quicksilver, destined to Buenos Ayres, is to fail in September, and will carry out the Captain General of the Rio de la Plata, Brigadier Don Ruez Huidebra.

Of the frigates Pomona and Mercedes, which failed from Ferrol for Lima, the latter was obliged to put into Montevideo, m consequence of some damage (he had suffered in her helm; the other went on.

In the Caracca, the America of 66 guns, is fitting out; lhe is to go to Vera Cruz with quicksilver.

The Efpana of 64 has gone into dock to careen, and will have the same destination.

The Sabina frigate, with treasure for the King, is expected from Vera Cruz.

The French ship L'Aigle, and the corvette Torch, are gone of to the Carracca to receive some repairs.

Of eighteen fail of the line which are there, three of them, which had been in the dry docks for a length of time, were lately taken out, without any thing of consequence being done to them. They, as well as mod of the others, will require very great repairs, there being only three judged to require but a moderate one, and, in the opinion of good judges, are only (it for any thing but being broken up. There is a total want of timber in the arsenal, where there is hardly any but the country pine; and in other respects, it is but very poorly provided.

under my command; but the vessels they have to counteraid are of such description, that large /hips can be of little utility; I therefore hope, that their Lordships will have allowed of the National schooners, which are uncommon fine vessels of the fort, being purchased for that service.

No. 4.

£xtra<5Vpf a Letter from James Duff, Esquire, His Majesty's Consul at Cadiz, to William Marfden, Esquire; dated 14th October 1803.

I AM adfured this day, orders have been received at the I/Iand for the arming at that arsenal of two three-deckers, an eighty-four, and three seventy-fours; and at Carthagena three large frigates. It has even been said some Jine-of-battle ships have been ordered to be fitted out there, also at Ferrol, but I believe not with certainty; and the fad is, several months mull elapse before those at this department can be in any readiness to put to sea. My next will probably convey yon more pointed information on this head.

Our Captain General is called to Court; and, as a considerable number of troops have assembled at Zamora and ValLuolid, it may be inferred with a view to his inspecting them, or giving him some command.

No. 5.

Extrafl of a private Note from Mr. John Hunter, His Britannic Majesty’s Consul at Madrid* dated the 22d October 1803, to Sir Edward Pellew.

There is no confirmation of the rumours of Neutrality.

At all the three arsenals they are arming; but there is a want of seamen, stores, and materials of every fort.

No. 6.

Extract of a Letter from Rear Admiral Sir Edward Pellew, Baronet; dated on board His Majesty's /hip Tonnant, off Ferrol, 24th October 1803, to the Honourable Admiral

Cornwallis.

Much increased ariivity prevails since the lad dispatches from Madrid, and they worked night and day until the sixteen gun-boats were ready. It may be possible that these Spanish ships are fitting to embark Augereau's army. I shall use every means to discover that measure if it should be adopted, and forward the ear lied intelligence of it to you.

No. 7.

No. 3.

Extract of a Letter from Sir J.T. Duckworth to Sir Evan Nepean, Baronet; dated Jamaica, ad October 1803.

Sir, Shark, Port Royal, Jamaica; 2d October 1&03.

The report I dated to you for the information of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, in my Letter of the 12th of June, by the Goliah, of a horde of privateers being in the act of fitting at St. Jago de Cuba, is, I am concerned to say, confirmed, and the fad effects of it are felt mod particularly by the coasting trade of this island, notwithstanding the utraoft exertions are used by His Majesty's squadron

Naval Occurrences for October 1803; reported by Mr. Duff.

Ships ordered to be fitted out: of 130 guns, Captain Brigadier Don Francisco Ureart.

■ 112 - * - - Don Dionifio Alcala Galean.

84 - - - - Don Ijfii. Arambure.

- 74 - - - - Don Ijfii. Dela Guardia.

• 74 - - * - Don Juan Carranza.

64 - - - - Don Jose Melendez.

40 ... - Don Jose Varela.

Destined for Vera Cruz and Havanna.

34 - - - Don Jose Navales, destined for Lima.

The brig Penelope of 18 guns, in the Bay, destined for Malaga, but detained on account of the epidemical disorder which reigns there.

Brig Argo of 22 guns, and schooner Felozo of 16 guns, are appointed guarda codas for LaGuayra, under the command of Brigadier Don Augustin cea Figueraa, going Commandant of that department.

Lugger

Trinidad -Santa Ana San Rufael -Terrible - -Soberano America - -Amphitrite -

Rufina - -

584

Appendix. . 1805,

Appendix,

(No. 4.)

4° Februnrii,

continued.

Lugger Experiment arrived from Malaga to careen at the arsenal, and is frill under quarantine.

Ships fitting out at Carthagena: Reyna Louifu, of 112 guns.

San Carloz Bahama Argonauta -Ma tilde Vanganza -

in

74

84

34

34

— arrived at Cadiz the 4th of November.

The ships ordered to be fitted out at Ferrol ate five, thotigh hitherto the following only are named:

Principe D’Afturia, of 112 guns.

Neptune - - - 84 —

San Augustin - - - 74 —

The place of rendezvous, it is afierted, will be this Port; but from all appearances the earliest possible they can assemble will be February or March next. The French ship and corvette have not yet got into dock.

No. 10.

Naval Occurrences for 6th December 1803; reported U Mr. Duff, His Majesty’s Consul at Cadiz.

The Argonaut and Bahama, which arrived here from Carthagena in November, are gone up to the Carracca, the one to be coppered the other to have her upperworks caulked. ’

By late advices from the Havannah, the San Alexandre had been careened, and was expected to proceed for Vera Cruz; another ship was careening there; the others are in a great measure abandoned and in so decayed a fiate as to be judged incapable of being repaired/ The French ship L'Aigle and corvette the Torch equally, the brig Argus of 18 guns latterly arrived here, continue, the two first in the Caracca, and the latter in the Bay; it has been surmised orders having latterly been received for their being in readiness to proceed upon service. There can be no doubt entertained of their wish to spend the winter in this port, and in which I think it probable they will be gratified.

J.D.

Cadiz, the 23d December 1803.

No. 8.

Naval Occurrences for November 1803; reported by Mr.

Duff, His Majesty’s Consul at Cadiz.

, In the Carracca, the fitting out the fix ships is going on. The America of 66 guns is the only one of them which is completed, and is gone out of the arsenal; as to the others, three of them (one of which the Trinidad) are in port; some time will elapse before they come out of it, and can be equipped as well as the others.

At Ferrol they are occupied in the armament of the five ships to be fitted out there, the Neptune, Don Antonio Valdes; Monorca, Don Antonio Argomofa; Sn Augustin, Don Antonio Pareja; Sn Fulgencio, Don Jocechin Rivera; Principe, Don Conne Charruca; these ships, as fitted, are expelled to come here.

Of the four friips fitted out at Carthagena, the Argonaut 84 guns, Brigadier Don Rafael de Ore, and the Bahama 74, Captain Don Li-node Truxillo, have been some time arrived here; the two remaining, Sa Carlos 112 guns, BrigT Don Luis Mufias, and Reyna Luifa 112 guns, BrigT Don Antonio Pafligo, were preparing to follow.

The friips Paula, San Pablo, San Joaquim, and Guerrero, have been mailed at the same place, but no order had been received for fitting them out.

The frigate Santa Rufina, which arrived here from Carthagena about 10 days ago, is under orders to get ready for America, supposed to be for Lima.

• The King’s lloreship Santa Justa, failed the 26th ultimo, for a fort in Gallicia, with a cargo of salt for the King’s account.

The new frigate Vengeance, built at Mahon, and arrived latterly from Carthagena, is to be attached to the squadron; Ihe appears to be a fine frigate, and can mount 40 guns.

Of the two frigates which failed from Ferrol Iaft February for Lima, the Santa Clara arrived at the Callac the 22d of June, the other, the Mercedes, has put into Rio Janeyro leaky.

The brig Argo and schooner Telofa, under the orders of the Brigadier Don Augustin de Fegueroa, are intended to fail in the present month as guarda coftas for the Caraccas.

The lugger Experiment which went with Surgeons and Priests to Malaga, and is lately returned, remains in this Bay performing quarantine.

The brig Penelope remains equipped in this Bay, and without any destination being given her.

No. 9.

Extract of a Letter from Rear Admiral Sir Edward Pellew, Baronet, dated on board His Majesty’s ftiip Tonnant, off Ferrol, lft December 1803, to the Honourable Admiral Cornwallis, &c. &c. &c.

I have only to confirm the last report of the date of the enemy s ships in Ferrol and Corunna, with the additional circumstance of orders having arrived the day before yesterduy to equip, with all expedition, two fail of the line (Spanifri) 'it is said for Saint Domingo.

(Inclosure in No. 9.)

Extras of Information from Sir1 Edward Pellew, Baronet, inclosed in the Honourable Admiral Cornwallis’s Letter, dated on board His Majesty’s ship Ville de Paris, off IHhant, nth January 1804, to the Honourable Admiral Cornwallis.

A few days since the Spaniards have been much employed mounting cannon in all their forts; and the gurrifon at ferrol is augmented to 7 000 troops. They have made no alteration with respect to their thips, except the two intended for the West Indies, which arc getting

forward.

No. 11.

Letter from Mr. James Duff, His Majesty’s Consul at Cadiz, to Sir Evan Nepean, Baronet; dated the 22d December 1803.

Dear Sir,

The armament of the friips here go on very (lowly, and I havi reason to believe it to be the case at the other departments, from many circumstances. I rather expect that several months may elapse before the ships fitting out will be so manned and united here, as it is said to be the intentions, to the number of twenty fail of the line.

By an express which arrived here to the French Commifiaiy of Commercial Relations, Mr. Le Roy, the 18th, from Paris, and latterly from Ferrol, it is said he is supposed to have received directions relative to L’Aigle, corvette Torche, and Argus brig of 18guns (arrived fmee my last from St. Domingo and the liavannah) relative to their further proceedings. It is surmised by some, that they are to remain in readiness in the event of the squadron at Ferrol being able to evade the vigilance of Sir Edward Pellew, and appearing off to join them, and to proceed to the Mediterranean.

No. 12.

Extract of a Letter from Vice Admiral Sir John Thomas Duckworth, k. b. Commander in Chief of His Majest/s ships and vessels at Jamaica/to Sir Evan Nepean, Bart.; dated on board the Shark, the Port Royal Harbour, 15th January 1804.

I herewith tran fin it, for the information of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, an extract of a letter just received by a Merchant of eminence in this island, in which great confidence it placed; and friould it be certainly ascertained that French Agents proceed to the condemnation of English vessels carried into the ports of Cuba, I shall not feel great delicacy is due to the Spaniards, though I shall endeavour to avoid any open hostility till I am honoured with, their Lordships commands.

(Inclosure in No. 12.)

St. Jago de Cuba, 8th January 1804.

Extract of a Letter dated as above.

There has arrived here two days since, a French Agent, who is charged with great powers.

Just at present the Spanifri Government is not willing to acknowledge him; that does not prevent him nevertheless from leaving an Agent to condemn prizes.

No. 13.

Naval Occurrences at Cadiz for January 1804; reported by Mr. Duff, His Majesty’s Consul at that place.

Note of the fifteen ships armed and arming in this and the depart-

ments of Ferrol and Carthagena.

Trinidada 130 guns , Commander Brigadier Don Fran. Liiarte.

St. Ann 112 - - Don Diego Alial a Galcono, also Brigadier.

Principe 112 - - Don Come Churruca.

Reina Luifa 112 - - Don Antonio Garcia del Poftige.

San Carlos 112 - - Don Luis Meliu.

San Rafael 84 - - Don Jofef Arambara.

Neptune 84 - - Don Cayetano Valdes.

Argonauta 84 - - Don Rafael de Ore.

Monarca 74 - - Capt. de Navis Don Theodoro Argomnw.

Bahama 74 - ----- Don Luis de Truxillo-

San Augustin 74 -

Elpacia 66 -

America 66 - Don Juan Coorauza.

San Fulgenc'10 66 - The

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix*

The 31ft January the following vessels failed from this port:—The frigate Vengeance, 36 guns, Captain of a frigate Don JofefBrandarez, with stores for the Havannah, and quicksilver for Vera Cruz; the frigate Ainphitrite, 40 guns, Captain of a frigate Don Joaquire Varela, stores for Porto-Rico, and quicksilver for VeraCruz; the frigate Rufina, 34 guns, Captain of a frigate Don Manuel Noales* stores for La Guaym and Porto-Rico, and quicksilver for Vera Cruz. This last ready, but not yet failed The frigate Matilde, 36 guns, is daily expected here from Carthagena, with stores for this arsenal.

The two brigs and schooner, destined as guarda coftas for La Cuavra, continue getting ready to proceed for their deftiflations.

The frigate Clara, 36 guns, opened her register at Lima in October, upon her return for this country, and may be expelled in May* with from three to four millions of dollars.

The French ship L'Aigle is new viltualled, and although badly manned, is expected to quit this the first favourable opportunity. The corvette Torch, and Argus brig, are not yet quite ready. The Donegal quitted this neighbourhood about the 15th of January. The Medusa and Maidstone have taken her station, and it is doubted the Aigle quitting this while they continue upon the station. The American brig of war Argus has been here some days, and failed the 5th February for Gibraltar. An American schooner failed the 4th, with answers to dispatches ftie brought here three weeks ago, from the Spanish Minister at Washington.

Four regiments are said to be under orders to embark at Corunna cr Ferrol, for New Orleans.

February 8th, failed the Rufina* mentioned before as being ready; the 9th, three frigates, supposed to be the Medusa, Maidstone, and Diana, were seen at sunrise, about two leagues from the lighthouse; L'Aigle had been expelled to fail in the night; the wiud, a fresh Levanter; the Diana came in and anchored in the evening; the other two frigates are the Medusa and Amphion. The Diana was immediately admitted to pratique.

No. 14.

Extra# of a Letter from the Honourable Admiral Com* wallis to William Marfden, Esquire; dated on board the Ville de Paris, off Ushant, the 15th February 1804.

X send a copy of a Letter from Sir Edward Pellew to me, with the communications therein referred to; and the copy of a Letter from Mr. Frere at Madrid to him *.

• Vide No. IS of additional Papers.

State of the Naval Force in Ferrol, inclosed in a Letter from the Honourable Admiral Cornwallis, dated 15th February 1804.

Two ships of 80 guns, half ready, men enrolled for them in the

Vicinity, and ready when called upon.

One three-decker, 7

> commissioned and nggecfc Two of 74 guns, 3

Storing their holds fiowty.

Two frigates will be ready with the first ships.

Four three-deckers, }

Eight two ditto, v out of commissiont.

And some frigates, j

In the Arsenal:

One of the line, and two frigates building.

The troops in garrison flultuate from eight to ten thousand.

Edward Pellew.

Tennant, Betancos Bay,

5th February 1804.

No, 15*

Letter from Vice Admiral Sir J. T. Duckworth; dated on board His Majesty’s ship Shark, Port Royal, Jamaica* 7th March 1804, to Sir Evan Nepean, Bart.

Sir,

Having, in a Letter of the i£th of January, acquainted you, for the information of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, of various intelligence received from St. * Jago de Cuba, among!! which it was positively afierted* that the General of Brigade, Noaitles,h&dcolleded a force on the North fide of Cuba (of the troops that had escaped from St. Domingo) with which he meditated an attack upon New Providence; and having had the fame corroborated by a Letter express from Governor Halkett, which reached here the 30th; on the 31ft* and first of February, I dispatched the Racoon, and La Superieure schooner, to aid the Snake, Stork, and Sandwich, in refilling any attempt that might be made on that Colony; and on the 29th ultimo, ] received a Letter, bearing date the 15th, from Governor Halket, by the Stork, acquainting me that the General of Brigade, Noailles, had beeo killed in an action with a Providence privateer, in the night, %hilft removing from one port to another* with 350 French troops in

585

Appendix,

a brig, which captured the privateer; but in conseqtience or that Ge* neral's loss, all the French troops had gone to the Havannah, and werd (WO. 4*/ in a very considerable force, receiving a fdrt of protection, had be be- FcbrUUfU lieved a tacit encouragement, very improper froiti a neutral Nation, *

even to the engaging of Spanish pilots, and being differed to procure continued* vessels to prosecute their hostile intentions again!! Providence. He therefore has thought incumbent to fend a remonftf&nce to the Governor of the Havannah, demanding an explicit answer, with which Captain Roberts of the Snake has allowed the Saftdtarich cutter to proceed; and it is with great satisfaction I learn from Governor H&lket, that the naval assistance he now has, causes him to have little apprehensions for the safety of the Island, all which I will beg you to communicate to their Lordships.

And I am, Sir, &c.

To Sir Evan Nepean, Bart; /. T. Duckworth.

Ac. 6cc. Ac.

Admiralty;

No. 16.

Letter from Vice Admiral Sir J. T. Duckfrorth; dated on board His Majesty's ship Shark, port Royal, 25th March 1804, to Sir Evan Nepean.

Sir,

The inclosed I have this moment received, and though it is not of a very recent date, as it corroborates the former intelligence of the very improper conduit of the Spanish Government in Cuba, I tronsmit it for the information of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty.

I am, Sir, dec.

To Sir Evan Nepean, Bart. J.T. Duckworth;

Ac. Ac. Ac.

Admiral ty*

(Ihclosure in No. 16.)

Sir, Ship Enterprize, Havanna, 17th January 1803.

According to my Instru&iohs from the High Court of Admiralty of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, I have to inform you of the proceedings in this port since my arrival on the 12th ' of this month. On my being in fight of this port, the figfcal was mad© for an English ship. The French General here sent a French privateer out for the express purpose of taking my ship; but not being of force sufficient to attack the ship, (he thought proper to haul off. There are five privateers now here, of different descriptions; one Brig fitting out on purpose to take this ship when (he fails; The said brig mounts 18 guns, and full of men. One schooner of 6 guns; and the others mount 4 guns each, and (carry) from 50 to 60 men. I under-(land they are determined on taking the ship. I shall have on board, when failing, 30,000 sterling; and unless I have some protection, I am undetermined on foiling.

One of the before-mentioned privateers has brought in here a large ship, named the British Queen, of St. John's, that failed with the last convoy from Jamaica. She parted with the fleet, and came through the Gulph. She was captured off Cape Antonio by a privateer of one gun. These privateers make prizes of Danes, Americans, and every thing unarmed. 1 have also to communicate to the Admiralty of Great Britain the conduit of this Government. And have the honour, &c.

Cufar Lawson.

No. 17.

Naval Occurrences; reported by Mr. Duff, His Majesty's Consul at Cadiz, for May 1804.

The squadron of the fifteen ships continues nearly in the fame date as in the preceding months. Upon the 16th of May, the King's Urea or storeship the Santa Appolonia, left this port; her destinatioa for the Havannah, conveying stores for that department, recruits, Ac. Upon the 31ft ditto failed his Majesty's Urea Visitation; her destina-tion Ferrol; two others are preparing here to follow her, the Santa Justa and Liebre; the whole said to be intended to proceed to the Havannah, with stores, and to return from thence with timber for the arsenals. Orders are said to have been received for laying the keels of some ships and frigates, and to begin to build as soon as timber may arrive*

Upon the 7th April the frigate Amphitrite failed from the Havait-nah; she had gone from this, and with her failed the frigate Neuftra Senora Delao, of that department; their destinatioft for Vera Cru*; there to join the frigates Sabina and Venganza, there to take aboard treasure, to be conveyed to this place, where they may now soon bn expelled. They will probably bring with them from ten to twelve million of dollars.

Of the ships which have been fitted out at Ferrol, the San Ful-gencio, of 66 guns, is under orders, and is getting ready to proceed for Vera Cruz, from whence she will probably return with treasure. She is reputed one of the fastest failing ships in his Majesty's Navy.

? K By

586 Appendix. A. 1B05.

By Letters received lately from Lima, there is advice that three King's frigates were completing their register of money; it will probably run to about three millions of dollars upon each; they were expected to fail about the 15th February, and were to touch at Monte Video for intelligence, and there to put themselves under the command of the Gifu de Esquadra, or Brigadier Don Francisco de Buftamante, who has been the Naval Commander there for some time, who is to take the command, and to return with them for Spain; they may be expected in August, and will come rich.

The /hips which have been iitted out at the Carracca have but few men on board, and no steps taking indicating a desire of soon manning them. Two of them are (till in dock, completing their repairs'. The number of additional carpenters and caulkers lately colieded there, (and which may go to about 1,000,) are employed upon the different vessels laid up there in ordinary, which are all of them to be overhauled, and to have repairs necessary to prevent many of them from sinking. They are about ten in number, exclusive of the fix which have been fitted or are fitting out, and of the Bahama and Argonauta, which came round from Carthagena; four of them are judged to be incapable of being repaired, and only fit to be broken up,

The L’Aiglc, corvette Torche, and brig Argus, French, which have been so long here, are completely manned and victualled for six months, and appear to be now waiting to proceed to sea.

No. 18.

E.xtrad of a Letter from Rear Admiral Cochrane to Lord Melville; dated 15th June 1804.

Your Lordship will observe by the enclosed Paper,.that the French are making every exertion to complete their squadron lying at Ferrol and Corunna. This reinforcement, which I expect to arrive by the 22d, will do much towards it, as hitherto they have been without marines. I make no doubt but seamen will follow the fame rout, if they do not fend them in smallveflels across the Bay, landing them at the out-ports, from whence they will pass by land to Ferrol. Lands-men will answer, as they are by no means deficient of seamen. How far the Spaniards have adhered to their Neutrality, in suffering three hundred men to march from one end *of Spain to the other, in order to complete the equipment of the French squadron, is a matter that is not for me to decide upon.

(Inclosure in No. 18.)

Thirteen boats belonging to the French at Sedera. Each boat has twenty-six men* armed only with small arms. They are under the command ot a Naval Officer, and came from Bayonne, laden with sail-cloth, bunting, cordage, Ac. which is now transporting by land to the French squadron at Ferrpl. Six more are hourly expected. The above boats do not exceed fourteen tons each, and keep close in shore, never leaving port but when the coast is clear. The men are said to be as a recruit to the French ships; and the boats to be sold.

No. 19.

Extract of a Letter from the Honourable Rear-Admiral Cochrane to Lord Melville; dated 24th June 1804.

Wiiat I suspected has come to pass, and the French are completing their complement of leamen from their ports on the Bay, while they receive soldiers through Spain from Malaga.

No. ao.

Naval Occurrences at Cadiz for July 1804; reported by Mr. Duff, His Majesty's Consul at that place;

Tiil King's storeship Santa Julia, which arrived latterly with building timber for the Carracca, is under orders to proceed for Trieste, to bring quicksilver.

N. B. The mines of Almaden, which for the last four years had produced any quantity of quicksilver which was wanted here, having in a great degree failed, insomuch that the above-mentioned ship is destined for Trieste, to bring a supply.

His Majesty's ffiip Minho, which arrived latterly from Gallicia, and brought building timber and powder, is to be careened at the Carraccas, as well as the Castilla, which is expected here from Gallicia, and intended also to be Cent for America.

The frigate Lucia is getting ready at Carthagena to come to this department.

The ship San Leandro, sixty-six guns, failed from the Havannah the 20th June, having on board Don Mendimuta, late Viceroy of Santa Fe; flic is supposed to have put into Porto Rico, and was in a bad condition.

The Trinidad and Saint Ann are under orders to proceed for Ferrol, half manned, in order to remain in that department; in like manner the Regia, when careened. Thtfe large ships grounding at low water,

from the creek of the Carracca having too little water for them in its present state, is assigned as the reason.

The fix ships which were armed in this department, viz. the Tri* nidad, Saint Ann, Terrible, San Raphael, Glorious, and Suint Jeno America, continue as before, with few men on board, and little exertion towards manning them.

The Bahama and Argonaut, two of the fix which were fitted out at Carthagena and came round here, have their complement of men on board, and lay in the upper part of the bay ready for service.

They are continuing to overhaul and to careen the remaining ships in the Carracca as fail as they can undertake it. The number of caulkers, carpenters, Ac. (Maiftranzos) actually employed there may be about two thousand five hundred. The ships actually in dock, and repairing in them, arC the Rayo, San Jufle, and Soverano. The department has a sufficient prOvision of pitch, tar, hemp, rope, and cables, and of sail-cloth. I do not find any quantity of naval frores is expected from the Baltic this season, or that there are any contracts.

Nine frigates, of which four from Vera Cruz, are expected soon from thence, Lima, Ac. Three of them from Vera Cruz had failed; the Venganza we learn is arrived at Ferrol, or Vigo, with 3,100,000 dollars. The Sabina and Amphitrite, which failed with her from Vera Cruz, and having equal sums on board, are said to have put into TenerilTe, and all of them with reduced crews, from having lain at Vera Cruz during the sickly season. They left the Rufina, which was to have followed them the 23d June, and may be every day expected. These frigates, and the others from Lima, Ac. it is computed may bring about twenty-four millions of dollars.

The Castilla, from Ferrol, arrived here the 15th.

No. 21.

Extract of a letter from the Honourable Rear Admiral Cochrane to Lord Melville; dated the 23d August 1804. The Spaniards have put their twelve regiments of Marines upon the fame establishment as ours. Officers difiind from the navy are appointed to them, and they are formed into three departments; viz. Ferrol, Cadiz, and Carthagena. Three hundred French soldiers are within a few days march of this, disguised as sailors, from Bayonne. The Spaniards are afraid to interfere.

No. 12.

Naval Occurrences at Cadiz for August 1804; reported by Mr. Duff, His Majesty's Consul at that place.

August 7.—Sailed for Galicia the King’s Urea, or store-ship, the Brujalo.

August 20.—Sailed the Urea Santa Justa, for Trieste, to bring quick-silver.

The ship San Leandro, and the frigates Ampbitrite and Rufina, which latterly have arrived from Vera Cruz and the Havannah, are to remain in this department.

The frigate Matilda, which arrived from Carthagena the 11th, is under orders to proceed for the Havannah in the next month, with (lores for that department; her Commander Don Antonio Vacoro.

The frigate Magdalena is continuing to be fitted out at the Carraccas, to proceed for America.

The frigate Venganza, which arrived latterly from Vera Cruz with money, and the frigate the Prueba, which has been in readiness some time in Galicia, are under orders to proceed soon for Vera Cruz, to bring money.

One frigate which remained at Vera Cruz is expelled soon with a similar sum, for the King, as the three others which are arrived. A very considerable sum, which it is judged may amount to above 5 millions, is expected from the same place, on account of the merchants, and to come in the merchant ships expected from that part in the course of this year.

The frigates expelled from Lima and Buenos Ayres, 4 or 5 in number, and one from Carthagena, are not yet arrived; they may be looked for in what remains of this year, and may be expected to bring in all from 8 to 10 millions for account of the King and of the merchants.

N. B. In the Carraccas things continue, and are going on, much as before; the old ship Rayo, After ship to the Gibraltar, is changing into a three-decker, her bottom has been found very good at this length of time since (he has been built; since making out this Report, I am informed (lie registered leamen from the different ports belonging to this department, viz. from that of Ayamante to that of Algchres, both inclusive, have been ordered to repair to the Carracca; tin* would indicate an intention to man the ships which are fitted out; I will be attentive to the results, and to know how far it may be carried into effect, and as to the object proposed by it; giving inhumation as to the reful t.

No. *23

Appendix,

(No. 4.)

4* Februarii,

eoniuiuaL

45 Geo. III. Appendiki &87

No, 23.

Extra# of a Letter from Rear Admiral Cochrane to Lord Melville; dated 5th September 1804.

Orders are just arrived to fit out the Hiips mentioned in the en-rlofed lift with all possible dispatch: This, coupled with the failing of two tliree-dccked /liips from Cadiz for this port, to be followed by another, and the circumstance of the enclosed ships being ordered to victual for three months only (although fuid to be bound for America) makes me conjecture that their designs are not of the mod pacific nature. I have therefore ordered the lllultrious to proceed directly to Plymouth, without calling off Ushant.

Should the Spaniards have any hostile view's against Great Britain, within a month the following force may be collected here:

Three first-rates from Cadiz.

Three seventy-fours fitting here.

Five French ships; making in all eleven fail of the line.

The finances of this country are low. They only wait the arrival of the frigates with treasure to put 011 a different countenance.

1 cannot conceive that Spain, even if at war with America, could require so many line of battle fiiips, for similar orders are given at Cadiz and Carthagena. The time that the armament will be ready for lea corresponuing with that of the French squadron; the three first rates fitted at Cadiz to come round here; all tend to shew that they have foine united object in view. Numbers of soldiers for the French are now arriving at Ferrol from France, and many more are now upon the road.

(Inclosure in No. 23.)

Lift of the Squadron of Spanish Ships of War fitting at Ferrol.

Neptune San Augustin -Monarca •Vengeance Fruclbo Brugula •Urguifo A Brig

- - 74 guns 74

- 74

- - 36

- 40

- Storeship

- *24 Corvette

Don Caetano Balder commands this force.

Provisions for three months* x

No. 24.

Extra# of a Letter from the Honourable Rear Admiral Cochrane to Lord Melville; dated the nth September 1804.

I have been forced to keep the Illustrious, as there does not remain a doubt of the hostile intentions of Spain. Mr. Frere will inform ydur Lordship that Spain has agreed to the propositions made by America; fb that there is no pretence for suppoling that the armament is on account of that country. Three thousand men embark from hence.

I am told that the whole of the ships will be ready to leave this port in fourteen days.

No. 25.

Extra# of a Letter from the Honourable Rear Admiral Cochrane to the Honourable Admiral Cornwallis; dated on board His Majesty s ship Northumberland, off Ferrol, the 19th September 1804.

,1 pAVE ordered the Majestic to be completed with water, and should nothing particular happen (he will be ordered to the Downs agreeable to the Admiralty order. It is impossible to say what Rate the Spanish squadron may be in within a few days; it mult certainly depend upon orders from Court.

J will delay fending the Ganges and liluftrious to Plymouth until I receive further orders, ns I do not think the remaining three ships will be l’afe after their departure, should orders arrive from Madrid to fend the Spanish squadron to sea, which they can do in twenty-four hours, should their obje# be an attack upon the squadron under my orders.

No. 26.

Extra# of a Letter from the Honourable Rear Admiral Cochrane to Lord Melville; dated the 20th September 1804.

I inclose to you copies of Papers which I traasmitted to Admiral

Cornwallis^yesterday.

I have since received an onfwer from the Captain General of the Marine, tp my last letter; the evasive nature of which muff strikt your Lordship, as it does me, that the retiring of the squadron into the arfeual is a mere blind, where they are equally ready for sea as when at anchor in the harbour. Molt of their crew live in the vicinity of Ferrol; and they have, it is fuid, leave granted them until the 15th of next month. I muff however remark, that they can beuOembled at any tune within a few hours.

(First Inclosure in No. 26.)

Letter from the Honourable Rear Admiral Cochrane to the Captain General of Marine, Ferrol; dated His Britannic Majesty s ship Northumberland, off Ferrol, 14th September 1804.

Sir,

Knowing the political situation in which Great Britain and Spain flood with respect to each other, I was much aftoniftied at being informed that orders bad been sent to the different Naval Departments of this country to increase their Marine establishments, and fit out squadrons similar to what is now doing in the port of Ferrol.

As Spain is not engaged in any foreign War, I feel it my duty to demand an explanation, more particularly as the harbour of Ferrol contains five fail of the line belonging to the French, as also one Dutch man of war of the fame rate; the Officers of whom I am informed, declare, that they intend failing in company with the Spanish squadron; which report seems to be confirmed by their late preparations.

The situation in which I am placed by commanding a division of Hi? Britannic Majesty s ships, calls upon me to enquire of your Excellency if the above fa#s are true; for should the two squadrons fail in company, I declare to your Excellency that it is my determination to attack that of France and Holland, and I trust in doing so I will not be opposed by the Spanish squadron; the consequences of which may prove fatal to the harmony and good understanding that has so happily subsisted between the two countries, and which my belt endeavours have hitherto been used to preserve. At the same time there is a duty I owe my country, in maintaining its honour and dignity, that is paramount to every other consideration, and by this I must be governed.

I have the honour to be,

With the highest respect,

Your Excellency's, &c, &c. See.

(Signed) A. Cochrane•

His Excellency Don Felix de Texada,

Captain General of the Marine, Ferrol.

(Second Inclosure in No. 26.)

Letter from the Captain General of Marine at Ferrol, to the Honourable Rear Admiral Cochrane; dated 15th September 1804.

At three quarters past twelve of this day, I have received your Excellency’s official of yesterday, directed to ask me explanations upon the subje# of the armament of ships that your Excellency say is making in this port, and to manifest that you are determined to attack any of the French ships of war and the Dutch ship that are here* should they verify their departure at fame time that the Spanish ships of war effe# it.

To the first point I have no obje#ion to answer your Excellency, that though in this department there have been armed three ships and one frigate, bolides another that was already fitted out, and some smaller ships for a secret commission; the manner in which these ships have been manned with only half crews; this eircumftanca alone by iffeif disputes all hostile apprehensions on the part of any European power.

And as to what regards the second point, I can only say to your Excellency, that I remain informed of the declaration which your Excellency makes, of attacking the French and Dutch ships of war, should they effect their failing with the Spanish; and not having th* least knowledge of the French intending to depart from this port with the ships of my Sovereign, I give account to His Majesty of what your Excellency has just officiated with me for his Royal information, which I lay before your Excellency in reply to your laid office.

God preserve your Excellency many years.

(Signed) Felix de Texada. His Excellency Alexander Cochrane.

(Third Inclosure in No. 26.)

Second Letter from the Captain General of Marine at Ferrol to Rear Admiral Cochrane; dated 15th September 1804.

After having closed the adjoined packet for your F.xcellency, and having sent it with one bf my Adjutants to the English Vice Consul, who not being found, and when my dispatches were already in the Post Office, in which I inform my Court of what your Excellency had officiated with me, and of my reply, 1 have received orders to difariu His Majesty'9 three ships that are in this port, and that only to remain so the two frigates, the packets, and transport ships, that were so before, to be employed in their particular commissions; with which motive I have again opened the said packet, to subjoin to ijt this information, which should pacify the apprehensions you inanifelted inyoui office of yesterday.

God preserve your Excellency many years.

(Signed) Telu de Texada.

HU Excellency Alexander Cochrane.

(Fourth

Appendix,

(No. 4.)

4® Februarii,

continued.

J

Appendix

588

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 4.)

4* Febraar

continued.

(Fourth Inclosure in No. 26.) liEtter from Rear Admiral Cochrane to the Captain General of Marine; dated His Majesty’s ship Northumberland, off Fenol, 16th September 1804.

Sir,

I have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your Letter of yesterday’s date, m answer to mine of the 14th instant.

It affords me much pleasure to underfiand, that your Excellency has received orders to retire into the arsenal, and disarm the Spanish squadron now in the harbour of Ferrol. May I beg of your Excel* lency to know, for the information of my Court, if the orders are for the actual disarmament of -the squadron, that is to say, disembarking their guns, provisions, rigging, At. as also for the discharge of their respective ships companies.

I art well aware, that ships of every description can remain in the arsenal equally ready for sea as at anchor where they now are; and the duty I owe my country puts me under the painful necessity of making the demands I now do.

May God long preserve the Peace between our two countries, and grant your Excellency many happy years.

I have the honour to be* Ac. drc. Ac.

(Signed) A. Cochrane.

His Excellency Don Felix de Texada,

Captain General of Marine, Ferrol.

troops are only intended to be sent out, and probably will go to th Havannah in the first instance.

In the'Carracca, the frigates Magdalena and ftefina are getting ready and in the Bay, the frigate Pomona (lately arrived from the department Of Carthagena) also the Amphitrite. In all these frigates the* are forming the case for their receiving on board the quicksilver deftiOed for the Havannah and Vera Cruz.

In Galiicia, the frigates Venganza and Pruefa are under failing orders for Montevideo.

From Montevideo Was expected to fail the 25th July the frigates Aflumpcion, Pax, and Mercedes, which had put in there from Lima, where they have united with the frigates Clara and Medea, which were upon that Ration. The Whole being a money or plate register, and under the command of the Gifed’Esquadra, Rear Admiral Don Jufeph BuAamente. They are expected to bring six millions.

The ships which had been ordered to be fitted out at the Carracct (and which, with respect to armament, have been so these some months pad) remain in the fame situation as they have been of late. Only three of them have any number of men on board. These are the Trinidad and St. Ann, having about 500 each, and the America, with nearly her complement. The other three with hardly any. The Argonaut and Bahama, which came from Carthagena, are completely manned and ready for service in every respect. The careening of the remaining ships in the Carracca is carrying bn.

(Fifth Inclosure in No. 26.)

Letter from the Captain General of Marine to the Honour* able Rear Admiral Cochrane; dated the 18th September 1804.

To the office that your Excellency has been pleased to address me, under date of the 10th of ths present month, and which was delivered to me yesterday morning, I cart only reply to your Excellency, that the King's ships which Ivinformed your Excellency by my second 'office, dated the 15th, should enter the arsenal, have already effected it, will remain in the fame Rate they were in before their equipment for to get into Port, which has been the origin of the apprehensions your Excellency had, and which you manifeRed to me in your Letter of the 14th, and to which I have replied to your Excellency by my two Officials on the following day, which I re-assure your Excellency in-answer to your said official; and wishing for opportunities in which I may be able to evince the consideration I have for your Excellency’s person,

God preserve your Excellency many years.

(Signed) Felix de Texada.

His ‘Excellency Alexander Cochrane.

No. 27.

Naval Occurrences at Cadiz, Ac. for September 1804; reported by Mr. Duff, His Majesty's Consul at that place.

Upon the 13th arrived the two Roreffiips belonging to the King; the Presentacion and Aurora from Galiicia, with timber, for Carthagena, and 450 of the troops deRined for Tijas. The first proceeded the 23d for her deRihation, the second went to the Carracca to repair her mainmaA. The troops were landed at the island, and incorporated with the force which is forming there for that service, under the command of Don Pedro Grimarefi, who is to command there, as is, according to report, Don Jph. Caro, lately promoted to the rank of Captain of a ship from that of Captain of a frigate, to qualify him for the command, which is to confiA in frigates. For the present, 1,600

No. 2fi.

Extract of a Letter from Captain Gore of the Medusa; dated 5th October 1804.

The French ship L’Aigle of 74 guns, and five fail of Spanish line of battle ships, are perfectly ready for sea at Cadi2. The Santillims Trinidada and the St. Ann, both firR rates, are fitting, but not ready.

No. 29.

Letter from Captain J. C. White, to Lord Melville; dated 19th October 1804.

My Lord,

In obedience to your Lordffrip’s commands, I herewith Rate the force of the French and Spanish flrips, as far as came under my observation during my Ray at Cadis, between the 27th Aogufi and 5th September laR; vis. In the pontal or road of Cadis, the French fores confiRed of L’Aigle of 74 guns, and two corvettes, manned and read; for sea.

The SpaniRi force in the pontal confiRed of the guardship, an old non-effectice 60 gun ship; two ships of the line, one of 70 the other of 64 guns; these had recently arrived from the Colonies, were badly manned, sickly, and appeared by no means effectice ships of war; four frigates were also lying in the Road, two of them were in good order, and appeared fully manned; the other two I understood were incomplete, sickly, and wanting repairs; they bad lately retomid from the Colonies.

The Spanish force at the C&raccas 1 understood confiRed of two ships of 74 guns, about half manned, and were fitting, it was said, merely to be carried round to Ferrol to be laid up; an 80 gun ship was repairing at the Caraccas, and to have a third tier added to her.

The above was, as nearly as I can recoiled, the naval force at Cadis on the 5th of September; and, as far as my observation and enquiries led, there did not at that time appear any thing like a naval arma^ meat on foot.

I have the honour to be, Ac. Ac. &c.

(Signed) John C. White*

6* Februarii*

LIST of PAPERS, presented by His Majesty’s Command, 6th February 1805*

1.—Dispatch from Lord Hawkesbury to J. H. Frere, Esquire; dated Downing-Rreet, 1R October 1802.

No. 2.—Dispatch from Lord Hawkesbury to J. H. Frere, Esquire; dated Downing-Rreet, 27th October 1802.

No. 3.—Translation of a Memorandum, without signature or date, from the Chevalier d’Anduaga; received 29th AuguA 1803.

No. ^—Translation of a Memorandum, without signature or date, from the Chevalier d’Anduaga; received lA September 1803.

No. —Translation of a Memorandum, without signature or date, from the Chevalier d’Anduaga; received ift

September 1803.

No. 6.—Extrad of a Dispatch from Lord Harrowby to J. H. Frere, Esquire; dated Downing-Rreet, 11th July 1804*

No. 7.—Translation of a Letter from the Chevalier d'Anduaga to Lord Harrowby; dated 4th November 1804.

No. g,—Translation of a Letter from the Chevalier d’Anduaga to Lord Harrowby; dated 11th November 1804*

No. 9.—Letter from VV. Marfden, Esquire, to George Hammond, Esquire; dated 15th November 1804.

No. 10.—Extrad of a Letter from W. Marfden, Esquire, to George Hammond, Esquire; dated 16th November l8*4-* With Inclosure.

No. 11.—Extrad of a Dispatch from J-ord Hawkesbury to J. H. Frere, Esquire; dated 2oth May 1803,

No. 1.

Dispatch from Lord Hawkesbury to J. H. Frere, Esquire; dated Downing-Rreet, iR October 1802.

Sir,

The accustomed political relations between this country and Spain being re-established, it is important that I should inform you of the

line of conduct which it will be proper for you to adopt, and of tbf

language which you ought to hold in your communications with the

Spanish Government, as His Majesty's Minister at Madrid.

You will omit no opportunity of assuring the Ministers of His Csv

tholic Majesty, conformably to your inflrudioos, of the sincere

anxious defirt of the King to cultitot* a good underfUttding betweui

tit

45 Geo. III. Appendix.

589

the two countries; and, in order to give a full effect to these sentiments, you will munifeft, in all your proceedings, the moll friendly and conciliatory conduct.

There are three objects of different value in themselves; which you should always bear in mind in your communications with the Spanish Government, and which you will bring forward as circumstances will permit.

The first would he to edab!:i'll an unrcfcrved confidence, and a friendly connection between our two Governments; this, though highly desirable, may be attended with iufurmountable difficulties from the prevalence either of the French interest in the Spanish councils, or from the dread of French power. The fucccfs of it will depend in a great mealYii e upon the characters and riilpofithm of the Spanish Mi-nifters. The ohjed is, however, so import mt, that no mean?, to which we can with prudence resort, ought to he neglected for its accomplishment. The fecoud ohjeCl would be to secure the Neutrality of Spain ill the event of another \> ar'between 11 is M. deity and France. All the reasoning applied to the full o'jest w'.U be applicable, in a full greater decree, to the second: and there may be circumstances under which this ohjed may be attainable, when the fiifi must be jneceffurily abandoned. The thiid object proceeds upon the grouud of the two former being found impracticable, and of the impoiliuility of dissolving the couneftion which has fubfified between France and Spain. In that case our utmost endeavours should be used to render Spain, in the event of a War, an unwilling and tardy enemy. It is lcarcely iiecessary for me to inform you, that much would be obtained even by fucccfs in this particular; for if, in the event of a War, the Spanish Government could he induced to enter, even fiowlv, into the views of France, and to create as many delays as possible by negotiation before they had recourse to holiihties, His Ma,etiy would have the advantage of being able to direct the whole of his force in the fit ft inftunce against France, and would not be under the necessity, at the commencement of a War, when the dapofable naval force of this country is neceUanly less considerable than it is at succeeding periods of diverting this force to too many quarters, at the time when he is least prepared. Thele different obj^fts are to be preferred in the order in winch they stand, and His Majesty relies on your zeal to giveeffect to the iultructions he has given you respecting them.

I am, &c.

(Signed) Havricefbury*

J. II. Frere, Esquire, ike. &c. &c.

No. 2.

Dispatch from Lord Hawkesbury to J. II. Frere, Esquire; dated Downing-tlreet, 27th October 1802.

Sir,

Sinck I wrote my last Dispatch, No. 1. events have occurred which may possibly lead to a rupture between His Majesty and the French Government. I think it important that you should be apprized of them; and 1 therefore indole you a copy of the Note verbale which I presented to M. Otto, on the affairs of Switzerland, and of the in-Itrudions which have been given to Mr. Moore on the fame subject. You will consider thele communications as made to you in the strictest confidence; but if, as may be expected, any conversation should arise between you and the Spanish Government on the subject, you will not fail to represent the system of encroachment and aggrandizement which has been invariably nutnifiiffed by the French Government since the conclusion of the definitive Treaty, in its proper colours, and how ctfential it is, that every independent date should unite in refilling the exorbitant pretensions of France. You will conform yourself, in your communications on this subject, as much as possible to the general in-structions contained in my Dispatch, No. 1.; and you will, above all, endeavour to imp refs upon the Spanish Government Ills Majesty’s anxious desire, that, in the event of a War between him and France, the Court of Madrid may be induced at least to preserve a ftrid Neutrality, and His Majesty's determination, in that case, to respect that Neutrality by every means in his power.

I am, &c.

(Signed) Hawkesbury.

J. H. Frere, Esquire,

<8cc. &c. dec.

No. 3.

Translation of a Memorandum, without signature or date, from the Chevalier d’Anduaga; received 29th August 1803.

Difference between the Family Compact of 1761, and the Treaty of Alliance of 1796, between Spain and France.

Family Compact. According to the Family Compact, the two Powers will con/i-der as their enemy every Power

Vol.6o..

T reaty of 1796. According to the Treaty of 1796, if one of ti e two Powers finds itself threatened or attacked,

who shall become enemy to one of the two Crowns. Art. 1.

'I he inviolable and mutual guarantee shall be supported by all their forces; and their Majesties, according to the principle which is the basis of this Treaty, agree that whoever attacks the one Crown attacks the other. Art. 2.

(Here follow the articles relative to the first succours).

The first succours are to be cunfidered as an obligation infe-parable from the ties of relalion-ship and intimate union, and thele succours shall be tile least that the Power required can do for the Power who may stand in need of alfifiance; but as the intention of the two Kings is, that a War once begun by or against one of the two Crowns, shall become proper and peifonal to the other; it is agreed, that a? loon as the two Kings ftndl be in a state of War with the fame enemy or enemies, the obligation of the said succours shall cease, and in lieu thereof the two Crowns shall be bound to make war conjointly in employing therein the whole of their force. Art. 16.

In case the motives for hostilities should be so prejudicial to both parties as to induce them to declare war by common content against one or more Powers, the limitations established in the preceding articles shall cease to have effect, and the two contracting Power* shall be bound to employ against the common enemy the whole of their forces by sea and land, and to concert plans to direct such forces, either collectively or separately, towards such points as may be deemed most advisable. They also bind themselves in the case pointed out in this article, not to treat for Peace but by common consent, and in such a manner as that each party may obtain that satisfaction to which they are entitled. Art. 13.

In case one of the Powers should aft only as auxiliary, that Power which alone shall be attacked may treat for Peace separately, but so as to prevent any prejudice relulting therefrom to the auxiliary Power, and moreover so as it may tend as much as possible to its direct advantage: for which purpose not.ee shall be given to the auxiliary Power, of the mode and time agreed upon for the opening of the negotiations. Art. 14.

Remarks.'—By (imply comparing the most striking articles of the two Treaties, it clearly appears that the Family Compact was in reality a Treaty of Alliance offensive and defensive, since it stipulated, that the allied Power who was not at War should consider the enemy of his ally as his own, whilst the alliance of 1796 is in itself merely defensive, inasmuch as it only exacts certain succours from the allied Power who may be menaced or attacked, and that the alliance does not become offensive, unless the motives for hostilities being prejudicial to both parties, they should declare War by common consent. This observation is so much the more necessary, as the first article of the Treaty of 1796 has this expression: " There shall exist a perpetual " alliance, offensive and defensive, between the French Republic and " his Catholic Majesty the King of Spain/' Those who may not attentively peruse the Treaty, and those particularly who may not compare it with the Family Compact, might be led from this vague exprtftion, to believe that an offensive and defensive alliance actually exists at one and the same time; that is to say, that the ally of the Power attacked mult ipso facto consider the enemy of that Power as his own, and believe himself in a state of War with him, and consequently as out of his power to continue neutral towards him.

It is equally important to attend to the text of the nth article of the Treaty of 1796, and particularly to the pbrafe, " shall put in

action the greatest force in their power," for this force is, and can only be, an augmentation of the succours to be made to the stipulated succours; but it is an augmentation which can take place, first, only in the event of the succours furnished not being sufficient; and, secondly, only according to the power and means which the party required may have for making the augmentation. One fees at once that it cannot be otherwise: first, because if by the aforesaid phrase it was meant that the Power required should be considered as bound to put in action all his forces, it would be absurd, since he could not do more even were he himself at War with the enemy of his ally: secondly, because the 13th article of the fame Treaty exacts the cm-

7 L ployment

the Other promises, engages, and obliges itself to be aiding with its good offices, and to affilt it when 16 required, according to the Hi-pulation of the following Articles. Art. 2.

(Here follow the articles relative to the succours.)

If the said succours are or /hould become insufficient, th# two Powers shall put in action the greatest force in their poweiV as well by sea as by land, against the enemy of the Power attacked, which Power shall employ tha laid forces either conjointly or separately, according to a plan that shall be concerted between them. Art. 11.

The succours stipulated by thd preceding article shall be furinshed in any War which the contrafting Powers may have to carry on, even should the party required not be directly interested therein, and should only aft as auxiliary. Art. 12.

Append!?,

(No. 4.)

6® Februarii,

continued.

Appendix.

A. 1805.

590

Appendix, ~ ~"

(Nft. A \ of the whole of the forces of the power required, only in

V 4'/ the case wherein the two Powers should declare War by common con-6° Februarii$ aga*nft other Powers.

coattavetf.

No. 4.

Translation of a Memorandum, without signature or date, froifi the Chevalier d’Anduaga; received id September 1S03.

Spain, the Ally of France, and at the same time a friend of England, finds herself at this moment called upon to fulfil towards each of them the respective duties of alliance and of friendship.

The Treaty of Alliance concluded with France in 1796, although termed an offensive and defensive alliance, being only, properly speaking, an alliance strictly defer.five, according to the tenor of all its Articles, and the linking difference which exists between its engagements and those contained in the Family Compact of 1761, his Catholic Majesty trulls, he can reconcile his engagements to furnish to France the succours dipulated by the Treaty of 1796, with his mod ardent desire to maintain his friendly connections with His Britannic Majesty. The perfect harmony and good undemanding which have subsisted between the two Monarchs since the re-establishment of the lad Peace; the reciprocal proceedings, and the principles of the Law of Nations to lie puifued under circumstances similar to those in which Great Britain and Spain are actually placed, are so many reasons which prove the judice and the necessity of the conduct which his Catholic Majesty proposes to pursue at the present moment. France confining herself to the requisition of the dipulated succours, and Spain to furnishing them to her, but without allowing herself to commit any a# of dire# hostility against England; his Catholic Majesty cannot for a moment doubt of His Britannic Majesty's disposition to observe a like condu# on his part.

By such a conduct, His Britishi Majesty would, in the fird indance, afford to Spain, and to all Europe, a proof of his jtldice, of his wif-«bm, and of his impartiality. He would make a didindion between a friendly Power who did not fornish succours to his enemies through ambition, resentment, any vicious views, or others inimical to him, hutfolely to fulfil general eventual engagements previously contracted, and the Power who should form connedions inimical to England with her enemy, in the very moment of War, and with the fame hostile Spirit and views as its ally. His Britannic Majesty would obtain for the people of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland the great advantage of the continuance of their commerce with Spain, not orily during the present War, but also in all those in which neither party having any subject of complaint against the other; England would remain in friendship with Spain, notwithstanding her being at War with France. His Britannic Majesty would, besides, establish from this moment the jud idea which should be entertained, especially in England, that a rupture with France does not neceflUrily produce ipso fado, and, according to Treaties, a rupture with Spain.

His Britannic Majesty and his Minidry are too jud and too enlightened for it to be dipposed that they can entertain an opinion contrary to the principles above dated, or to the advantages which England would derive from them, even should die agree to the fydem of conduct pursued by Spain. So fully convinced is the King of this, that he cannot entertain the smalled doubt upon the subject; and he expects with perfect confidence to receive, in the concurrence of His Britannic Majesty and of his Government in the fydem of the King’s conduct, a new proof of their rectitude, and of their friendly fcuti-ments towards the King and the Spanidr people.

No. 5.

' Translation of a Memorandum from the Chevalier dfAn-duaga, without signature or date; received id September 1803.

Thn quedion, whether England Avail acknowledge the Neutrality of Spain, appears to be reduced to the determining whether the Treaty of that Power with France of the year 1796, is an offensive or defensive alliance. It is agreed, that if this Treaty merely contains stipulations of limited succours, it might be considered as an alliance dridly defensive; hut as it is dated in the first article of the Treaty, " there shall exist a perpetual offensive and defensive alliance u between the French Republic and his Catholic Majesty and moreover, in the fecoud article, that if the dipulated succours were er should become insufficient, the two Powers should put in action the greatest forces in their power: it is pretended, that determined by this new obligation the succours become unlimited, and therefore the alliance takes an offensive chara<der.

With respect to the fird article of the Treaty, it is to be observed, that the offensive and defensive alliance spoken of is in fad two alliances, each of a differenjt kind, and which refer to two different periods,. The fird is that in which the Power, whole ally is threatened or attacked, acts merely as an auxiliary. The fecund is that in which both Powers should declare War by common consent against one or more Powers. The fird period relates to defensive, the second

to offensive alliance; and although the fird article embraces the two periods collectively, the other articles of the Treaty distinguilli them in the cleared manner; and it is evident that the defensive alliance takes place in one case, and the offensive alliance in another; which latter is merely hypothetical, as it cannot take place hut when the two allies diall declare War by common consent; consequently the defensive alliance may exist, without its becoming an offensive one, and without being in contradiction to the fird article, which speaks of the one and the other at the same time.

This fame didindion of the two alliances, and of the two periods, serves equally to explain the eleventh article in its true fenle, and with that judice which is required by the definition of a duty, on the nature and extent of, which doubts have arisen. The Treaty itself fixes and separates in its articles the two alliances, and the two periods, in such a manner as, that on the bare reading of it, one discovers that the Article 12. closes the first period; and that the second commences at Article 13. that is to lay, that Article 11. relates to defensive alliance, and Article 13. to offensive alliance, from which it results, that Article 11. as relating to the period of defensive alliance, should be explained according to the nature of that alliance, and according to the analogy which the accellory condition contained in Article 11. has with the principal conditions mentioned in the preceding articles.

The nature of defensive alliances is to compel an auxiliary to furnish to his ally limited succours: and this is the case in the alliance in quedion; for the expression, M shall put in a#iou the greatest force " in their power/' neither can nor ought to be construed as if the auxiliary was compelled to make the same efforts as the ally, but each one in proportion to the nature of his situation. The one puts in action all his forces to defend himself against the enemy, or to do him all possible injury; the other adds to the succours to be furnished any other in his power, to assist his ally, but always in quality of auxiliary, and in proportion to the dipulated succours. That expression of Article 11, which appears in the fird indance to call upon the auxiliary to furnish ultimately a6 much or more to his ally, has, in fid#, no other meaning than this r " The auxiliary shall make u whatever addition may be in his power to the dipulated feecours;* and, although the amount of the new succours is not fixed in Article

11. it is evident, that it is because much cannot be required of the auxiliary, after having received that which, according to the nature of the alliance, the auxiliary was bound to furnish. And it is also an advantage to the auxiliary, that Article 11. does not specify the amount to be added to the fird succours, for, otherwise, the ally would have the power to prescribe how much the auxiliary ought to furnish him in conformity to the Treaty; indead of which, at present, it is the auxiliary himself who is to fix the extent of the succours, according to his position and his own interests, but, however, without failing in his engagements. The auxiliary being called upon to decide upon this point, can never depart from the rule which he ought to follow in his proceedings, if lie means to preserve his character of auxiliary, and to consult his own interests. One of his first interests is that of preserving his conne#ions of friendship and good understanding with the Power who may be at war with his ally, since, if the auxiliary should exceed the limits of his duty towards the ally, by furnishing considerable succours, he would degenerate into the real enemy of the said Power. This considerotion is likewise the surest guarantee to that Power, that the auxiliary will confine himself within the boundaries which his tituatien preiciibes.

It therefore follows, that conformably to the rules of judice and of equity, and of the position of an auxiliary towards its ally, the proportion of subsidies to be added should rather be leiTened; because in fixing the line of demarcation between a defensive and offensive alliance, the more one shall incline to the latter, the more the auxiliary Power would incur the risk of being forced into a War, and the more would flie deprive herself of those forces of which she would stand in need for her own preservation, in case flie herself should have a War to sustain.

All this reasoning is founded upon the Treaty of 1706 itself; because, after having spoken of the succours to be furnished in the first instance, and afterwords of putting in action the greatest force which loth Powers can bring forward, it is dated in the i^th Article, that, when they declare War by common consent, the " limitations " established w in the preceding articles shall cease to have effect. From whence it is clear, that even, according to Article 23. the additional succours are acknowledged to be limited succours.

No. 6.

Extra# of a Dispatch from the Right honourable Lord 11 arrow by to J. IL Frere, Esquire; dated Downing-street, lith July 1804.

As it is the wish of His Majesty to perseverc as long as possible in the system of forbearance which has hitherto been pursued towards Spain; and for that purpose to attempt once more to press upon the Spanish Government the necessity of making an unreserved communication of its engagements with France, and of its views with re-

spefh

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix.

591

tpect to Portugal; it is evident that no such attempt can be made with any piolpevl of iWceis, while circtfmDances of personal iriita-tion prevent any intercourse between the British Minister and the most leading person in the Spanish Councils,

No. 7.

Translation of a Letter from the Chevalier d'Anduaga to Lord Harrowby.

My Lord, Portland Place, 4th November 1804;

Immediately after the receipt of Dispatches from my Court the day before yesterday, I called at the (Mice for Foreign Affairs requeuing an inteiview with your Excellency. Having learnt from Mr. Ilammond that you were unwell, but notwithstanding ready to fee me in cale I should abiblutely require it, I judged it would be indifereet to intrude upon you, and contented inyself with mentioning to Mr. Hammond the subject of the conversation I wished to have with your Excellency, requeuing him at the same time to induce your Lord ih ip to grant me an audience as soon as possible. In the mean time I hasten to inform you, that I have received by the last packet from Lisbon a copy of Mr. Frere's Note of the 27th September, and of the answer of my Court theieto.

I cannot conceal from your Excellency the surprize which the pe-rufal of Mr. Freres Letter has occasioned me, when compared with the (hiking contract displayed in the noble, frank, and moderate style and lone held by the Spanish Minister. Mr. Frere, in too easily taking for granted a fact of which he should prevkwfly have ascertained the exigence and the precise nature, protests against a naval armament preparing at Ferrol. Mr. Fre*e has bee^i led into an error when he gave credit to' such an armament, since none exists of a nature to justify the complaints which he has brought forward in his Letter.

If in the beginning of September the King, my mailer, thought proper to give oiders for some ships of war to fail for liifcay, in older to transport troops thither, his Majesty was unfortunately but too well juttitied by the troubles which had just broken out there in taking that step. Mr. Frere could not be ignorant of this circum-stance, and consequently ought never to have atiributed such odious intentions to preparations, the destination of which it was so easy to discover.

Neither had the British Government any ground for alarm in hearing of these preparations, since the Naiad, the frigate which brought the accounts of these pretended armaments, brought also several Letters, announcing, in a pofithe and uniform manner, the real object of them; 1 mentioned them myself to your Excellency in iny conference of the 24th September, and on the 26th I had the honour of presenting Mr. Brick dale, Lieutenant Colonel of the Regiment of Hibernia, who shewed your Excellency two Letters which he had received from his Colonel, dated 5U1 and 11 th September. These Letters, dated from Fenol, written by the Commandel* of a Corps in garrison there, and filled with details respecting the destination of the troops, of which his own regiment itself was to form a part, were convincing testitrmnies, and well calculated to remove the fha-dow of a diubt. But this is not all. If it were necessary to furnish other data in order to re-establish confidence in the British Government, subsequent advices from Ferrol of the 18th September must have completely convinced your Excellency of the entirely pacific intentions of my Court; inasmuch as at that moment his Majesty had actually ordered every preparation to be suspended, and the troops delhned to re-establhU tranquillity in Biscay to be sent by land.

After this, how is it poffihle that Mr. Frere, in his Note of the 27th September, has not hefilated to treat as " an hofule aggrenion,*' an armament (if it can be so called) which had ceased for several days, and which by the notoriety of its destination could not have merited, under any case, so extraordinary a denomination? How could he represent to the King, in such unfavourable and unjust colours, a measure not lei’s foreign to the inlerefts of England than indispen-(able for the support of order in a province of Spain ? how could he think it necessary to call the attention of the Spanish Government " to the serious c 01 deque nets which must relult from their answer, " left they should plunge Spain unnecessarily into a ruinous War?*

How different from the tone of bitter menace which pervades the whole of Mr. Freres Letter is the language, full of dignity end good faith, of moderation and of frankness, in which the Note of the Spanish Ministry is exp relied; firong in the purity of the views with which the King's mind has been ever guided, the Spanish Ministry, in their answer, content themselves with the aflii-Xtmce * That his Majesty never entertained an idea of being want-" ing to his engagements with the British Government; that they 4t would continue, as they had hitherto done, to prevent any arma-* ment being fitted out against Great Britain; and that every report " which might have reached Mr. Frere contrary to such assurance " is absolutely vpi<T of foundation, and injurious to tht reputation 11 which the Spanish Government so justly poirciTesr/*

This answer, which is in no degree contradicted by the information received by the British Ministry relative to the pretended armament, being perfectly consonant with the loyal and lyfteraatic cundud which my Court has invariably followed since the rupture between Great Britain and France, ought to inspire the British Government with confidence as to the pacific sentiments which his Majesty has never cealed to cherish with regard to England; Moreover, the King has the welfare of his people too much at heart; be attaches too much interest t»> what he owes to other Sovereigns, to permit him, in the midst of Peace, setting Treaties at defiance, and in oppofilion to his most so learn and sacred promises, to venture on a step which would draw down on his kingdoms the most cruel of all icourges, would deal a deadly blow against his fame, and tear from him that treasura which his Majesty values beyond all others, the testimony of his con* science.

I embrace this opportunity to renew to your Excellency the affii* ranee of the high consideration with which I have the honour to be,

My Lord,

Your Excellency's most obedient humble servant,

(Signed) The Chevalier dAnduago. His Excellency my Lord Harrowby,

Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs.

Appendix,

(No. 4.)

6° Fcbrnarii+

continued.

No. 8.

Translation of a Letter from the Chevalier d'Anduaga to Lord Harrowby.

My Lord, Portland Place, 1 ith Nov. 1804*

You 11 Excellency willdoubtless have already learned the arrival at Portsmouth of the Spanish frigate Matliilde, which was detained on the 23d October, and carried into the above-named port on the 8th instant by the Medusa. The circumstances of this new instance of detention, of which I have been informed by the Spanish Captain's report, only render more odious the effects of that order, issued by the British Government, which has given rife to it.

The Spanish frigate which left Cadiz on the 22d of October last* with all the ftcurity naturally inspired by the completely pacific re-* Idtions which were supposed full to subsist between Spain and England, having on the following day fallen in with the Donegal of 84 guns, and the Medusa of 44; this latter ship, after having fired one gun, which, in the usual manner, the Matilda returned, made not the lead scruple of discharging at her a whole broadside. The Spa-nish Captain, astonished at such a proceeding, complained of it to the Commander of the Donegal, who having asked him some questiont with regard to the time of his departure, and the number of the Tick who were on board the frigate, requested him to fend him a boat. The Spanish Captain sent him accordingly the boat with an Officer of the Navy, who speaks English, and directed him to^ convey to the British Commander the expressiou of all those fentiinents which naturally arise in similar occasions between Officers belonging to two friendly Governments. Perceiving that the Spanish Officer was detained too long, the Captain of the Mathiide requested the English Commander to fend him back as soon as possible, in order that he might be enabled to continue his voyage. To this the Commander replied, that he was occupied in writing a Letter, which was soon after sent to him. The import of this Letter, which was written in English, was, that the differences which had arisen between the two Courts having obliged that of London to order the detention of all Spanish ships of war, the Commander was under the necessity of detaining the Mathiide, and summoned the Captain to surrender with* out making any refinance, and in the space of five minutes, u if be " did not wish to be funk.* The Spanish Captain, not understanding English, directed the Officer who was the bearer of this Letter, to explain to him the subject of it; but what was his surprize, when the ship of the line and the frigate began to fire on the Mathiide, before the above-mentioned Officer could get at the contents of the' Letter. The Spanish Captain defended himself with courage against this unforeseen attack, and did not surrender to so prodigious a fupe-viority of force till after a resistance as honourable as it was uftless, in which two of his ships crew were killed, and several others wounded.

I will abstain from any reflexions on the manned in which the English Commander conduced himself on thisoccasion. Proceedings of this nature cannot but dishonour those who are guilty of them; they are too openly repugnant to the laws of honour not to excite indignation in e\eTy mind endowed with the noble sentiments which it inspires.

But I think it my duty to observe to your Excellency, that this

new violation of the Law of Nations can only tend to augment the doubts to which the unfortunate event of the 5th of October will necefl’arily have given rife in hi? Majest/s mind, as to the sentiments which the British Ministry entertains towards him; at the same time that it will convince his Majesty of the inutility of the efforts which he^as made to maintain his amicable relatione with England

That

592

Appendix

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 4.)

6* Februarii,

continued.

That the British Government should have been alarmed, on learn- ! ing the first accounts of our preparations at Ferrol, when they were transmitted to them through channels which teemed to take pleasure in disfiguring the truth, and in representing it in a fight altogether unfavourable; that under the first emotion of surpri2e, to which ! nevertheless it never should have lb ealily yielded, it should have given that extraordinary order, the unhappy consequences of which will have (truck with aftomftiment all the Courts of Europe, was doubtless a proceeding as opposite to the most sacred principles, as it was unexpected from the relations fuhfifting between the two Courts; but it still left the hope, that, recovering from its former alarms, and after having received more correct intelligence on the naltue and the object of our preparations, the British Government would give express Orders to its ships torespect hencefoiwurd the Spanish flag, and would await with the tranquillity natural to a Mimllry hncerely desirous of the continuance of reace, the if.ue of the negotiations entered upon with Spain.

But when Spain (hu.ll perceive that nothing will cause the British JVIiniffry to delift from its hostile mealores; that neither the impartial conduct which my Court has confianlly marnlefted since the commencement of hofiihties between Frame and England, nor the total suspension of the preparations at Ferrol, the only motive alleged by England to juiiify the fvttein wlr.rh (he ieems to have made it a rule to adopt for this some time past, nor the frank and moderate answer made to the exaggerated repiefentations of the English Charge tf Affaires residing at Madrid, can secure his Majesty from the intuits which his flag continually receives, will it not warrant a suspicion that England purposes to accumulate on Spain every kind of aggressiou, in order to bring on a rupture, which the well-known sentiments of his Majesty, and his constant eagernel's to prevent every subject. of reciprocal complaint, ought to render inipoflible ? I will confess to you, my Lord, in frankness, however animated the King, my mafier, may be. with the sincere desire to maintain his relations of friendship with the British Government; however ready he may be to make still more sacrifices for the maintenance of Peace; if England perseveres in the system which its government has lately developed, his Majesty will find himself obliged to stifle the pacific sentiments of his heart, in order to attend only to the interest which he takes in the welfare of his people, and in the complete security of his kingdoms.

It only depends therefore on the British Government to prevent the difuftrous consequences of such an event, by putting an end to those hostile measures, the continuance of which would be an incon-testible proof in the eyes of all Europe, that it was absolutely decided upon to make War on Spain.

I avail myself of this opportunity, &c.

(Signed) The Chev. d'Andxtaga,

To his Excellency Lord Ilarrowbv,

Principal Secretary of State for

Foreign Affairs, &c. &c. &c.

No. 9.

Letter from W. Marfden, Esquire, to George Hammond, Esquire; dated Admiralty Office, 15th November 1804.

Sir,

I have received and communicated to my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, your Letter to me of yesterdays date, inclosing a copy of one from the Chevalier d’Anduaga; and I have their Lordships commands to acquaint you, that no time shall be loft in making a lirict enquiry into the circumstances therein Hated; which appear to them the more extraordinary, as in the report made to them by the Captain of the Donegal, mention is made only of a few (hot fired at the expiration of the time limited for the surrender.

I am, &c,

Wm. Marfden.

No. 10.

Extract of a Letter from W. Marfden, Esquire, toG. Hammond, Esquire; dated Admiralty Office, 16th November 1804.

I am commanded by my Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to trai.imit to you inclosed, fur the information of Loid Harrowby, copy of a Letter from Captain Gore, of the Meduia, in answer to the statemeni he was called upon to make of the circumstances attending the surrender of the Spanish frigate Matilda.

(Fnclosure in No. 10.)

Meduia, at the Motherbank,

Sir, IOth November 1804.

I have received your Letter of the 13th infiant, and in reply thereto I ha\e to acquaint you, that, during a very fqtially ni_ht oi the 2‘id idt. the Donegal and Meduia were ft-parated, and tbaL on the morning of the 23d at halt pad seven A. M. we law a ship in the | N. E. wh.ch we judged to be a man of war (and not the A). f

1 consequently wore, and made lad towards her. As we a}.pro.i;Lud I

I observed (lie was evidently a Spanish frigate, and making fail to cross us. She going un a wind to the S. W. we to the northward, wind at W. N. W. I conllquently let two reels out, and knifed an English St. George’s en'figu. Neaily at the fame moment 1 (aw the Donegal in the N. \V., hull deprelled, bouuhng a merchant brig, and soon after bear up and tiuU fail towards us.

At about half palt nine o’clock the firange fliij) crofted our weather bow about one mile, under Spanish colours and a press of fail. I ordered a (hot to be fired far u-head of her, which ihe answered by a gun without a (hot, but did not bring to. 1 fired a second and third, when (lie fired one (hotted J and, when (he was upon our weather beam, I ordered the broadside. to be fired over, her, and tacked; (he then brought to. During this time the Donegal had doled, and while I was working the Medusa up, some communication had passed between Sir Richard Strachan and the Spanish Captain, mid about half past ten Sir Richard summoned me on board by lignal (their Lordships are already in pofitdlion of the result of our determination, which was the effect of mature deliberation); after which, a quarter past noon, 1 returned to my ship, and the space of ten minutes being elapsed from the time the Spanish Officer had got on board his ship. Sir Richard made the Medusa’s lignal to wear and engage, (I mult here observe that the Medusa was about piltol-fiiot diliant upon the Matilda’s lee beam, and the Donegal advanced upon her weather bowV having previously urged me to be cautious not to hurt any one on board the Spanish frigate, if it was possible to be avoided, and to give my orders to fire over her; and previous to my quitting the Donegal, I heard Sir Richard charge his Odicers to the lame died.

I did so, and upon our firing our broadside a-head, a-stern, and over her, (lie (truck her colours; but the situation of the Donegal prevented Sir Richard Strachan perceiving it, and as the Spanifti broad pendant wa3 still flying, the Donegal fired her quarter deck and poop curron-ades, but not a single gun (her lower deck guns were notiun out), nor did the Medusa fire a gun a second time. Only two (hot ltruck the Matilda; one from the Donegal entered her larboaid bow in the carpenter's (lore room, and one from the Medusa entered her fide at the gangway; and 1 most roundly afiert that neither Officer or Man was killed or wounded on board her, both from our own knowledge and the declaration of Captain de la Guardia, and all his Officers, for it was the first question I asked when they came on board the Medusa; and the Spanish Captain has repeatedly told me, that all our (hot, except two, went clear of the Matilda.

And how lie could deliberately afiert that we had killed two and wounded several of the crew, I am at a lufs to conceive, more particularly as that letter was written in my cabin, and I furnished lnm with data, and ultimately sent his letter to the Spanish Mmiller, with the dispatches to their Lordships on the day of our arrival, which is the only circumstance in this transaction of which I can charge my fell with having acted improperly; and even here I trust I can acquit myself, for I did it with the motive of befriending Captain de la Guardia, his Officers and Crew, and of obtaining them that relief which I had it not in my power to bellow.

The following copy of Sir Richard Strachan’s Letter to Captain de la Guardia refutes his affection, that the Captain of the Donegal recommended him to surrender without resistance (" sfil ne vouloit pas &tre coule has.)"

Sir, 11 is Majesty’s ftiip Donegal, 23d Oft. 3804.

The negotiations which are pending between our two Governments render it my duty to prevent his Catholic Majesty's frigate Matilda, under your command, from proceeding upon her present voyage, and that I must detain her until my Sovereign's pleasure is turther known.

1 therefore request you will surrender to our wfifties, and I allow you the space of five minutes to determine.

I beg leave to call your attention to ihe very great fiiperiority of force now before you, and that any resistance on your part must be unavailing; and I must add, that if His Majesty's ships or subjects receive any injury, you must expect it to he retaliated severely.

I have, 6cc.

R. I. Strachan.

To the Captain of the Spanifti Frigate Matilda.

Fafts speak strongly ir. this case; for had it been our intention to have struck the Matilda, situated as the Donegal and Aiedufa were, one broadside from each would have annihilated her; instead of which neither mast, yard, fail, or rope, were touched. Did it become me to follow the example of the Spanifti Captain, to censure and reprobate the conduct of the Spanifti Government, the occurrences during the last twelve months, when I have been entrusted wfith the command as senior Officer of His Majesty’s ships and vessels on the Gibraltar station, afford me ampls subjetft for anunadversion; and 1 do hesitate saying, that the open partiality they have marked towards

oui enemies merits any challisement His Majesty may think proper

I Am, &x.

John Corf*

V. m. M: Esquire, &c.&c.

45 Geo lit. Appendix.

•593

No. ii.

Extract of a Dispatch from Lord Hawkeibury to J. II. Frere, Esquire, dated Downing-street, 20th May 1803.

Sir,:

Your several dispatches to No. is. inclusive, have been received, and laid before the King.

I fend you inclosed for your information, the copy of a Message from His Majesty to both Houses of Parliament, from which you will perceive that the discussions which have subsisted between His Majesty’s Government and that of France, have been brought to an unfavourable conclusion.

1 shall forward the papers which His Majesty has deemed it proper

to communicate to Parliament, by a Messenger whom I shall dispatch to you in the course of a few days, for the purpose offurnifliing you with precise instructions for the regulation of your conduct at the present important pteriod.

In the mean time I have to signify to you His Majesty^ plealbre, that you take an early opportunity to allure the Spanish Government of the King's fincfcre and anxious desire that the relations of Peace and Amity which have been so happily re-established between him and his Catholic Majesty may be preserved.

I am, &c.

(Signed) H<mkesbury.

Appendix,

(No. 4.)

6° Februarii,

continued.

An ACCOUNT or ESTIMATE of all Duties of CUSTOMS in Scotland, charged and outstanding on Bond or otherwise, on 5th April 1803 and 5th April 1804, respectively; distinguishing the several Articles, and Temporary from Permanent Duties; so far os relate to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland.

On 5th April 1803. On 5th April 1804.

f Duties charged and outstanding. Whereof charged, but term of payment not arrived at 5th April 1803. Duties otherwise outstanding, viz. Balances on closed Accounts. r Duties charged and . outstanding. ■Whereof charged, but term of payment not arrived at 5th April 1804. Duties otherwise outstanding, viz. Balances on closed Accounts.

Bonds. Bonds. Money. Bonds. Bonds. Money.

X s. d. £■ d. £■ s. d. £■ *■ d. £■ *■ £. ♦. rf.'

Permanent Duties 19,954 1 21 441 15 Hi <2,692 7 —J 20,763 15 8 621 IO 11 | 2,692 7—1

Temporary Duties 1,767 3 i°i 1,767 3 101 - 8,680 7 —J- 8,489 3 11 —

L 2i,7» 5 —3 2,208 19 9 * 2,692 7—I 29,444 2 9,110 14 —i 2,692 7—4

Appendix* (No. 5.)

2 V Januarii.

*-----J

Custom-House, Edinburgh* > 7th August 1804. 3

Rich4 Gardiner, -

Assistance Compt* General,

An ESTIMATE of all the DUTIES charged in Great Britain, and outstanding on Bond or otherwise, on the 5 th day of April of

1803 and the 5th day of April 1804, respectively; distinguishing the several Articles, and Temporary from Permanent Duties; lo far ^9 Jttnuafll^ as relates to the Revenue of EXCISE in England.

I 803. TEMPORARY DUTIES: PERMANENT DUTIES:

ARTICLES. Outstanding on the 5th April 1803; /X. Outstanding on the 5th April 1803; TOTAL 1803.

( On Bond. 1 Otherwise. r On Bond. Otherwise.

Beer ----- Bricks and Tiles -Candles - - -Cyder and Verjuice - Glass Hides and Skins - Hops ----- Malt, 42 Geo. III. Malts, Annual { Commenced 26 March ’ I - D° - 24 June Metheglin or Mead, and Vinegar Paper ----- Printed Goods - Sope ----- Spirits, British, consolidated -Spirits, Foreign, consolidated -Starch ----- Sweets, consolidated -Wine, consolidated -Wire £• j. d. 1 £. s. J. 767,551 14 9i 473,794 1* - - 445,427 16 — 1 14.1,838 — 8 £• *■ d. 686,535 5 8 i,853 15 74 28,364 9 14 5,462 19 i| 76,809 — 114 55,334 2j 24,965 4 4i 965,265 14 —4 4,808 9 8f 76,867 5 3I 172,672 13 54 37,430 16 64 214,393 11 nj [turn. — 13423 »9 64 4,952 4 84 494 5 11J

£■ 1,241,346 13 6 587,265 16 8 2,369,634 4 34

V Total on Bond - 587,265 16 8 -

Salt* - - - - m fa — fa — 120,159 3 5

£■ 1,241,346 13 6 — — — 3,077,59 4 44 4,318,405 17 10;

• Vide N, B. in the next Page. VOL. 6(V

(continuedJ

?M

594

Appendix

A. 1805

Appendix,

(No. 5.)

290 Janua,

continued.

Estimate of Duties charged in Great Britain, and outstanding on Bond or otherwise, on 5th April 1803 and 5th April 1804—continued.

1804. TEMPORARY DUTIES: PERMANENT DUTIES:

ARTICLES. Outstanding on the 5th April 1804; Outstanding on the 5th April 1804; TOTAL

r 1 ( 1 804.

On Bond. Otherwise. On Bond. Otherwise.

• £. «. d. £. 3. * £■ *■ d- £. 3. d. £■

Beer - 713,890 12 7

Bricks and Tiles - - - ... - 1,564 —

Candles ----- 32,558 7 —]

Cyder and Verjuice - - - - 4,63o 19 fi

Glass 68,217 — n|

Hides and Skins - - - 61,500 14 11 j

Hops ----- ... - - 384,319 7 1

Malt, 42 Geo. III. - - . - ... - - 760,048 — 7±-

t 1, S Commenced 26 March' Malts, Annual { _ D» . Hjune - - - 604,199 4 373,361 18 8*

Malt, 43 Geo. III. ch. 81. - - ! - 1,486,788 10 i{ — —

Malt - D° - - Stock in hand - - - - U873 3 7\ — —

Metheglin or Mead, and Vinegar - - 4,867 9 —

Paper - - " - - - - 74,924 H 3

Printed Goods - - - - 184,863 19 5

Sope ----- w - - 42,614 12 si

C Consolidated - 14j,638 — 2i

Spirits, British < per Ad 43 Geo. III.

t ch. 81. - - 7L173 * 5l — —

f Consolidated Spirits, Foreign < per Ad 43 Geo. III. 1 ch. 81. - f 15,830 13 Ilf Brandy. C 31,661 7 11 I 843)3*7 H 6 Brandy. Rum.

421,663 17 3 Rum. 8,421 10 io\

Starch ----- - - _ - -

f Consolidated - - - - . - 6,627 8 10

Sweets - - - < per Ad 43 Geu.IIl.

i ch. 8i. - - 1,104 14 9§ — —

t Consolidated 1 per Ad 43 Geo. III. - - - - 328,696 4 5

Wine * - - < ch. 81. - 121,579 13 3 — — —

J per D° - Stock in

hand - 169,980 l6 ll| — 1 4* 00

Wire -

- 559,074 4 5i 2,708,481 17 3i 1,203,685 6 10 2,49i’,479 8 61

Total on Bond - 559,07+ 4 5i Total on Bond - 1,203,685 6 10

Salt* - 171,017 1 6,1

£■ 3,267,556 1 - - * 3,867,081 16 lof 7,134,637 *8 7l

* N. B.—In the 'Accounts returned to this Office of Salt Duties charged and outstanding, no distindion is made between the Amouots payable weekly, and the Amounts remaining on Bond payable in six weeks.

The Proprietors of Rums Bonded being allowed to export any quantity Duty-free, no distinct Account is kept of those Bonded for Exportation or Home Consumption; and the Excise Duty on the whole quantity in Bond is returned.

Excise-Office, Ixmdon, 7 J. Kemp,

10th August 1804. 3 ' Accomp1 Gen1.

2 50 Januarii.

North Britain.—An ACCOUNT or ESTIMATE of the Duties of EX C IS E, charged and outstanding on Bond or otherwise, on the 5 th of April 1803 and the 5th of April 1804 respectively; distinguishing the several Articles, and Temporary from Permanent Duties.

.. , f Permanent ArtlclcS{ Temporary

- - Total - - 1 ~ at 5th April 1803 j

ArticlcJ-rennanent

I 1 emporary

- - Total - ~ \ r at 5th April 1804 3

DUTIES outstanding, efrimated from Quantities in Bonded Warehouses.

r1 Coffee. Cocoa. Geneva. Rum. Tobacco. Wine.

£. 3. d. 1,812 IO £■ * d 141 8 10 £. 3. d. 5 95 £. 3. d. 134,656 12 ii £. 3. d. 3o,i+3 13 — 67,823 4 3 £. 3. d. 20,483 10 8j,

1,812 IO 14.1 * 8 10 5 9 5 -134,656 12 if 97,966 17 3 20,483 10-8]

n,996 13 9 _ r 37 * — 486 18 1 *43 9 —i 128,270 15 io| 64,135 7 11:1 49,329 3 4 110,990 12 6 25465 5 5| 9,388 2 4f 1

11,996 13 9 37 * — 73° 7 if 192,406 3 92 160,319 15 10 34,853 7 10 j

Otherwise than on.Bond, being lyr Stock on band, payable by Ind.tbnents, agreeable tw Law.

Wine, 1803.

£■ t. d.

12,010 3 8 J

12,010 3 S\

TOTAL

£. t. d.

'i 87,243 4 1 67,823 4 3

•155,066 8 4

215,585 «7 6. 196,767 15

•1 —I

E’xcise-Office, Edinburgh, 7 2ifr August 1S04. j

Jo. Stuart.

Fred. Fothringham. Jo? Stodart.

Wm Macao, Accomptant.

James Bruce, Accomp1 General. Richd Wharton, Comptroller.

Note.—Of the Articles under Bond, as above fretted, a very considerable PAlt may probably be exported without paying the Duties

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix,

v

595

An ACCOUNT of what Number of SH IPS from Scotland have been employed in the Whale Fishery, to Davis's Streights, and the Greenland Seas; with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence fitted out, and at what Port discharged: Also what Quantity of Oil or Blubber, or Whale Fine, each Ship has imported;—from the 10th of October 1803 the 10t^ October 1&04.

SHIPS NAMES. Burthens. From whence fitted out. At what Port discharged. Quantity of Oil imported. Quantity of Blubber imported. Quantity of Oil produced from the Blubber.

Tons. Tons. Hbds. * 3 0 8 £ -o -C X "3 a 8 H *T3 ZZ — c« K O

Hope - - - 242 Aberdeen - Aberdeen - - - 133 0 0 lOO 0 35

Latona - - - 236 D° - D* - - - - ’ - 104 3 M 78 3 7

Jane - - 278 D* - D* - - - 70 3 57 54 0 52

Enterprize - - 290 D° - D* - - - - 155 2 3 118 0 59

Hercules - 248 D« - D* - - - - H7 3 0 96 0 59

Neptune - - 282 D# - D° - - - , 208 3 31 141 3 55

Mary Aan - - 29251 Dundee Dundee - - 200 0 0 132 2 61

Eftridge - - 3*2 T D° - D° - -I - - - 200 0 0 133 0 12

Rodney - - 176 D° - D° - - - - 7° 0 19 57 1 38

William & Ann - - 363 c-:- Leith - Leith - - - 267 1 12 206 0 0

Royal Bounty - - 282 \ D* - D=> - - - 185 0 41 151 0 0

Raith - - 295 D° - D° - - - 193 0 15 148 0 0

Rattler - - - 348 a D° - D* - - - - 181 0 4 133 0 0

East Lothian - - - 359 il Dd - Loft in the Fifiiing Seas.

Eliza Swan - - - 241 | Montrose - Montrose - - 159 2 16 119 0 37

15 Ships 4.248 2,277 0 23 1,669 3 37

Quantity of Whale Fins imported.

a •j

H CJ a*

2 5 1 H

3 18 1 16

1 19 3 13

4 10 1 8

5 7 1 26

6 13 1 19

8 18 3 0

7 5 3 19

1 10 1 H

8 1 1 11

7 17 0 0

5 10 0 0

5 H 3 0

6 *3 0 7

76 6 0 7

Appendix,

(No. 6.)

2 50 Januarii. c—;

Custom-Uoufe, Edinburgh, 1 12th December 1804. J

Shadrach R. E. Philips,

J. II. Cochrane.

ABSTRACT of the Accounts of the Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament for eroding LIGHTHOUSES on the

Northern Parts of Great Britain, at 5th July 1804.

Dr ...... .... o.

- v £• *• d- 1803. £. d.

1803. To Balance due by the Commissioners, Nov. 14. By the Price of Oil - 860

per last year's Abstra<ft - 1,206 3 8 By the Price and Charges of £. 2,000

To Stock credited, per ditto 24,000 Stock in 3-per-Cent. Consolidated

Nov. 14. To more Stock - /,oooo 1804 Annuities - - - - 1,087 4 4

1804. May 18. By the Price and Charges of £. 2,000

May 18. To - ditto - - - - 2,000 more Stock - 1,135 5 —

To Dividends in July and January last - 75° By Calli expended in Repairs, erecting a

To Interest received from Baukers 21 11 8 Lighthouse on Inch Keith, Freight of

To Amount of Duties received - 3*943 7 6 a Ship, and Salaries, &c. 2,926 12 5

To Balance due to the Commissioners - 87 18 11 By Stock, as charged - 28,000

1 34,°°9 1 9 c 34,009 1 9

Appendix,

(No. 7-)

2 50 Januarii.

Edinburgh, 10th July 1804.—Having this day examined and audited the Accounts relative to the Lighthouses, and compared the fame with the Voucher*; We, a quorum of the Commissioners, do hereby certify the foregoing State to be a just and true Abstract thereof.

Neil Macricar, Provost of Edinr. R. Hamilton, Sheriff D. of Lanark.

Thos Lct/s, Provost of Aberdeen. Ja* Dewar, first Bailie of Edinr.

Lawe Craigie, Provost of Glasgow.

A LIST of PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS, in respect of whom the Execution of any Process hath been controuled, suspended, or prevented, by Authority of His Majesty, within the year preceding the commencement of the present Session of Parliament*

N I L.

Appendix,

(No. 8.)

2,5° Januarii.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers 25 th January 1803.

W. Hujkiffbn.

596

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 9.)

28* Januarii.

An ACCOUNT of the EXPORTS to the Spanish Ports, in the years 1803 and 1804; as far as the fame can be made out

British Produce and Manufactures -Foreign Merchandize -

Total Exports

Year 1803. Three Quarters, ending 10th October 1 804.

c*• <*■ 530,96011 — 205,69410 3 £■ 580,394 19 3 180,852 — 10

£■ 736,655 3 761,247 — 1

Inspector General’s Office, Custom-House, London, 28th January

s Office, "7 urfnidon, > 1805. J

William Irving,

Inspector General of the

Imports and Exports of G* Britain.

IS* Fcbtuarii. An ACCOUNT of all the EXPORTS from Scotland to the Spanish Ports, in the years 1803 and 1804, distinguishing

e^ch Year, and the Exports from each Port. 5

Years. Ports from which Exported. Articles Exported. Quantity Exported.

Tons. Cwt. q. Jib.

Alloa - Coals, Great - 139 10 0 0 Barrels.

1803 > Leith - Port Glasgow - { Fish, Herrings, Red f Bags, empty -j^Corn, Wheat, Flour—Foreign - 100 No. 1387 Quarters. Both. 5*0 0 No.

Bags, empty -Iron, Call and Wrought 800 Cwt. q. lib. I30 O O Quarters.

Greenock - < Corn, Wheat—Foreign , Wheat, Flour—D* - 1896 Cwt. q. Jib. 1204 O O Gallons.

Spirits, Rum # 210

1 Chald. Bulb.

r Aberdeen - - Coals, Small, N. C. M. r Bottles of Glass - - * Coals, Small, N. C. M. 21 44 Groce. 420 Chald. Bush. 36 60 Cwt. q. lib.

H04 < Leith* - - - < Fish, Cod and Ling -Iron, Cast and Wrought 43 30 830 1 22

Lerwick *■ - j Corn, Indian, Foreign -r Fish, Cod and Ling -• , Cod Sounds - Quart, Bu(b. 13 4 Cwt. q. lib, 2328 O O Ankers. 60 Cwt. q. lib.

Glasgow Iron, Cast and Wrought 658 0 0 Ct. No. q. No.

Greenock Wood Staves, Foreign - 89 26

Custom-House, Edinburgh, 7 ill February 1805. 3

Alex. Cleg horn,

Inipedor of Imports and Exports.

An ACCOUNT of the UNFUNDED DEBT in EXCHEQUER BILLS, outstanding on the 5th January 1805.

Appendix, (No. 10.) Under what Acts issued. On what Funds charged. £. s. d.

a 8® Januarii. 39 & 40 Geo. III. cap. 28 - Aids - - Am 1806, Ex- 1 tcnsion of Bank Charter. J 3,000,000

43 Geo. III. cap. 3 - Malt Tax - A° 1803 - 326,000

D° - cap. 36 - Aids - - A* 1804 - 1,000

D° - - cap. 93 - D° 2,463,500

D° - - cap. 146 - D° 1,399,100

44 Geo. III. cap. 15 - D° 4,630,900

D° - - cap. 16 - Malt - - A® 1804 - 750,000

D° - - cap. 17 - Personal Estates, 1804 - 111,000

D® - - cap. 31 - Aids - - A° 1804 - 1,903,900

D# - - cap. 45 - Aids - - A° 1805 - 5,865,100

D° - - cap. 46 - D* 1,500,000

D* - , - cap. 73 - D° 803,000

D* - cap. 81 - D® 2,500,000

25, "253.500

Exchequer Bill Office. 7 58th January 1805. 3

Examined and Certified,

W. Pollard, Comptf.

J. Plantd. In° Cucjtipp. John Peter*

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix:

59?

E S TI M A T E or the Charge of G U A R D S, G A R RIS O N S, and other His Maj estt’s LAND FORCES, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain* and Ireland; from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive; being 365 Days.

Appendix,

(No. n.)

28° Januarii.

c o r p ft.

*^(^uard$en^tof Life | £arj of Harrington’s -

*d Ditto - - - Lord Cathcart’s -

R&?cfSSt °-}The Duke of IUchraond>s -

Reg’of Dragoon | SirWilnamA_pUt.s

Guards ed . Ditto 3d Ditto 4th Ditto 5th Ditto 6th Ditto jth Ditto

- Marquis To wuHi end’s - -

- Lieut. Genera! Vyfe’s - -

- Major General Stavely’s -

- General Thomas Bland's -

- The Karl of Carhampton’s

- Sir William Medowsss

ift Ree* of Dragoons, Ud Ditto - -

3d Ditto - -4th Ditto -

Oth Ditto -

jth Ditto Light Ditto,

9th Ditto - -

loth Ditto - -

Ulh Ditto - -

I2th Ditto - -

13th Ditto - -

14th Ditto - -

5th Ditto - -

6th Ditto - -

17th Ditto - -

18th Ditto —

2oih Ditto - -

2ift Ditto - -

23d Ditto - -

95th Ditto - -

The Royal Waggon

Lieut. General Garth’s -Sir David Dundas's - -

Lord Grey’s ——

Lord Dorchester's -The Earl of Pembroke’s -Lord Paget’s - - - -Sir James S* Clair Erskine’s The Prince of Wales’s The Marquis of Lothian’s Sir Ja* Stewart Denham’s -General Francis Craig’s -The Earl of Bridgwater’s -The Duke of Cumberland’s General llarcourt's - -

Lieut. General De Lancey’s The Marquis of Drogheda’s Lord Heathticld’s -

Lieut. General Tarleton’s -Major General Carttvright’s Lieut. General Wilford’s -

Colonel Hamilton's

" ]

Train - - - j ift Reg* Foot Guards, The Duke of Gloucester’s -Coldstream Ditto - The Duke of York’s - -

jd Ditto* - - The Duke of Argyll’s - -

1ft Reg» of Fwt 7 The DukeofKent*s - -

3d and 4th Battn* j 3d Ditto, two Batt*8, General Hall’s ——

4th Ditto, two Batt18, Earl of Chatham’s - - -5th Ditto, two Batt*8, Lieut. General England’s -6th Ditto, 9d Batt®, Prince William's -

7th Ditto, 2d Battn, Sir Alured Clarke’s - -

8th Ditto, two Batt®8, General U. Dundas’s - -9th Ditto, two Batt®8, Lieut. General Hunter's -loth Ditto, ad Batt®, General Fox's ——

14th Ditto, two Batt®8, General Ilotham's - - -15th Ditto, two Batt®8, General Powell’s * - -

18th Ditto, two Batt®8, Sir James Pulteney’s - -21ft Ditto, two General Wm Gordon's - -

23d Ditto, two Battn#, General Grenville’s - -

24th Ditto, two Batt*8, General Whyte’s -

25th Ditto, two Batt®8, Lord Geo. Henry Lennox’s 26th Ditto, two Batt®8, Lieut. Gen1 And* Gordon’s 27th Ditto, 2d Battn, Earl of Moira’s ——

28th Ditto, two Batt"8, General Prescott’s -

30th Ditto, two Batt®8, Lieut. General Manners’s -31ft Ditto, two Bait*, Lord Mulgrave’s - - -32d Ditto, two Batt"8, General Ogilvie’s -

36th Ditto, two Batt®3, General Saint John’s - -38th Ditto, two Batt®1, General Rooke's -

39th Ditto, two Batt1*, General Nifbett Balfour's -40th Ditto, two Battn8, Sir Geo. Osborne’s - - -42d Ditto, two Batt®8, Sir He£or Munro’s - -43^ Ditto, two Batt1*, General Smith's -

44th Ditto, two Batt®8, General Rainsford's - -|5th Ditto, two Batt®8, General Liter's - - - -^7th Ditto, two Batt®8, General Dalrymple's - * ^8th Ditto, two Batt®8, Lord Charles Fitzroy's [oth Ditto, two Batt*, Sir James Duflfe’s - - -lift Ditto, two Batt®8, Lieut. General Morfhead’s 2d Ditto, two Batt*8, Sir John Moore's - - . -

d Ditto, two BattR8, General Crolbie's «* - -

ith Ditto, 2d Battn, General Norton's -

Jth Ditto, 2d Batt*, - General John Campbell’s -

Carried forward

Vou 6o,

Numbers.

Pay and Daily Allowance of Commissioned Officers,

Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men.

417

4t5

654

1,083

9°5

905

905

905

905

905

1.125

9°5

906 905

905

1,1*25

905

9°5

i,i^5

905

1.125

1.125

1.125

905

905

1.125 905

9°5

1,1*25

727

1,486

Charge of Cloathing for Non-commissionc d Officer?, and Private Men.

£■ «• d.

49,103 2 11

16,196

4L5*o

41.510

4L520

4>.5*o

4L510

4*>5*o

52.43*

4'.5 20 4»>556 +i>5*°

41.520 52,43* 4,»5*o 41,5*° 52.43*

4L520

52.432 52.43*

52.432 41>5*° 4<,5*o

52.432

41.520 4* ,5*0

52.432 33,937

5

5 5 >5 5 5 5 5 5 5 — 5 5 5 5 5 — 5 5 5 — 5 — 5 — 5 5 5 5 5 — 5 5 5 5 5 — 7 *1

£• *• d.

5,373

4.481 17

4.481 17

4.481 17

4.481 17

4.481 17

4.481 17

3 4

5.368

4.481

4,488

4t48i

4.481

5.368

4.481

4.481

5.368

4.481

5.368

5.368

5.368

4.481

4.481

5.368

4.481

4.481

5.368 3,590

15 10 17 3 4 ~ 17 3 17 3

15 10

17

17

15 10 17 3 15 10 15 10 15 10 17 3 17 3 15 10

17

17

15 10 11 3

Agency.

£. «. d.

Annual Allowance to Field Officers,

: Captains, and Riding Matter; Extra Allowance for Farriery; and Allowance for Great Coats.

612 411

515

515

5l5

515

515

5t5

590 12 10 5i5 7 4 515 14 it 7 7

5i5 5*5 59° 12 515 7 5*5 7

590 12 10

5i5 7 4 590 12 10 590 12 10 590 12 10 5i5 7 4 515 7 4 590 12 10

5*5 7 4 515 7 4 590 12 10 418 9 9

s. d.

1,283 6 2

1.079 13

1.079 13

1.079 13 L079 13

1.079 13 1>°79 t3

M97

1.079

1.080

1.079 1>°79 1A97

1.079

1.079

1.197

1.079 1A97 M97 1A97

1.079

L079

1A97

1.079

1.079

1.197

876

10 10 13 1

13 13

7

2

7 7

10 10 13 7 13 7

10 10 13 7 10 10 10 10 10 10

13

13

10 10

13

13

10 10 — 11

- - 985 36,85818 4 3,*00 — — 457 2 — 240 —

4,267 137,339 6 .8

2,667 *• - - - 86,602 14 10

2,667 - 86,657 9 lo

9,601 - " -

966 - - 27,629 H 10 2,778 7 10 383 2 — 1,383 i° — 32,17414 8

1,610 - 41,643 16 10 4,516 19 8 468 9 10 1,478 3 — 48,107 9 4

2,031 - 49,719 9 4 5,68417 4 517 15 10 1,541 3 — 57,463 5 6

i,39o - 36,640 6 — 3,956 — 8 438 6 8 1,446 13 — 42,481 6 4

693 - 17,784 4 11 1,973 2 9 215 12 8 7*3 5 — 20,696 5 4

483 - •- 13,814 17 5 1,389 a 11 191 11 — 691 15 — 16,087 7 4

1,39° - 36,640 6 — 3,956 —- 8 438 6 8 1,446 13 — 42,481 6 4

l,6lO - 41,643 16 10 4,516 19 8 468 9 10 1,478 3 — 48,107 9 4

483 - 13,814 17 5 1,389 3 11 191 11 — 691 15 — 16,087 7 4

i,39o - 36,640 6 — 3,956 — 8 438 6 8 1,446 ,3 — 42,481 6 4

*,39° - - 36,640 b — 3,956 — 8 438 6 8 1,446 13 — 42,481 6 4

2,031 - 49,7‘9 9 4 5,684 17 4 517 15 10 1,541 3 — 57,463 5 6

1,600 - 40,609 13 6 4.539 19 6 462 8 4 1,478 3 — 47,090 4 4

1,390 - 36,640 (> — . 3,956 — 8 438 6 8 1,446 13 — 42,481 6 4

1,390 - 36,640 6 — 3,956 — 8 438 6 8 1,446 13 — 42,481 6 4

1,390 * 36,640 6 — 3,956 — 8 43s 6 8 1,446 13 — 42,481 6 4

l,8ll - 44,715 18 6 5,123 18 4 487 12 8 1,509 13 — 51,837 2 6

483 * 13,814 17 5 1,389 3 IF 191 11 — 691 15 — 16,087 7 4

2,031 - 49,719 9 4 5,684 17 4 517 15 10 1,541 3 — 57,463 5 6

2,031 - 49.719 9 4 5,684 17 4 517 15 10 1,541 3 — 57,463 5 6

i,39o - 36,640 6 —- 3,956 — 8 438 6 8 1,446 13 — 42,481 6 4

1,390 - 36,640 6 — 3,956 — 8 438 6 8 1,446 13 — 42,481 6 4

i,39o - 36,640 6 — 3,956 — 8 438 6 8 1,446 13 — 42,481 6 4

1,390 - 36,640 6 — 3,956 — 8 438 6 8 1,446 13 ~ 42,481 6 4

1,811 - 44,715 18 6 5,123 18 4 487 12 8 1,509 13 — 51,837 2 6

1,610 41,643 16 10 4,516 19 8 468 9 10 1,478 3 — 48,107 9 4

1,811 - 44.715 18 6 5,123 18 4 487 12 ? 1,509 13 — 51,837 2 6

1,390 - 36,640 6 — 3,956 — 8 438 6 8 1,446 13 — 42,481 6 4

1,811 - 44,715 18 6 5,123 18 4 487 12 8 1,509 13 — 51,837 2 6

1,390 - 36,640 6 — 3,956 — 8 438 6 8 1,446 ^3 — 42,481 6 4

1,811 - 44,715 18 6 5,123 18 4 487 12 8 1,509 13 — 51,837 2 6

1,811 - 44,715 18 6 5,123 18 4 487 12 8 1,509 *3 — 51,837 2 6

i,39 - 36,640 6 — 3,956 — 8 438 6 8 1,446 13 — 42,481 6 4

1,180 - 3*>7°5 2 10 3,398 15 10 414 15 2 1,323 18 — 37,842 11 10

1,610 - 41,643 16 10 4,516 19 8 468 9 10 ',478 3 — 48,107 9 4

1,811 - 44,715 18 6 5,123 18 4 487 12 8 1,509 13 ~ 51,83? 2 6

483 - 13,814 17 5 1,389 3 11 iyi 11 — 691 15 — 16,087 7 4

904 - 21,890 9 11 2,557 1 7 240 17 — 754 15 — 25,443 3 6

- - 38,268 m -

i n

TOTAL.

£■ *■ d.

36,311 11 4 36,164 18 — 47,865 17 6

56,371 »7 4

47.597

47.597

47.597

47.597

47.597

47.597

59.589

47.597 47,640

47.597

47.597

59.589

47.597

47.597

59.589

47.597

59.589

59.589

59.589

47.597

47.597

59.589

47.597

47.597

59.589

38,822

3

3

3

3

3

3

4

3

15

3

3

4 3 3

3

4 4 4 3

3

4 3

3

4

9 Jo

f. d.

130,342 6 10

,381,103 i6 — 40,556 o 4

310,599 ii 4

1.852,601 14 6

L

598

Appendix;

Appendix,

(No. ii.)

28 Janua

continued.

Eftiniate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, kc.—continued.

CORPS.

Brought forward -

58^Rt,lFOOt} General Scott's - - -two Batt"*, j

59th t)itto, two Batt"*, Lieut.General Rofss - -

61ft Ditto, 2d Batt", Lieut. General Hewett's -

62d Ditto, two Butt"* General Mathews - -

63d Ditto, two Batt"*, Earl of Balcarres's - -

66th Ditto, 2d Batt", Earl of Clanricarde's - -

67th Ditto, two Batt-*, General Peter Craig's

69th Ditto, two Batt0*, General Cuyler's -

71ft Ditto, two Batt"*, Sir J. F. Cradock's - -

72d Ditto, two Batt"*, Lieut*General Ja* Stewart's

73d Ditto, 2d Batt", - LieuU General Harris's

74th Di£to - - - Lord Ilutchinfon s -

* 76th Ditto - - - Sir Thomas Musgrave's -

78th Ditto, 2d Batt®, Major General McKenzie 7

Frazer's - - - - 3

79th Ditto, two Batt®*, Colonel Cameron's - -

81 ft Ditto, two Batt"*, LieuU General Johnson's

82d Ditto, two Batt'% Lieut. General Bigot's

83d Ditto, two Batt"*, Lieut, General J* Balfour's

67th Ditto, two Batt"5, Sir John Doyle's -

88th Ditto, two Bait"*, General Reids ——

89th Ditto, two Batt05, Sir Eyre Coote's -

90th Ditto, two Batt"*, Colonel Graham's - -

91ft Ditto, two Batt01, Major General Dun" 7

Campbell's - . - . j

92d Ditto, two Batt"*, The Marquis of Huntley's

93d Ditto, —*----- Major General Wemyfs’s

95 th Ditto, ——----- M^jor General Manning- 7

ham's ...... J

96th Ditto, two Batt"*, Sir George J. Ludlow's

Lieut Colonel Brown's -Major General Oakes's -Earl of Rodens - - -Colonel Lumley’s - - -Major General Sherbrooke's Major General Maitland's Colonel Durham's - -Major General Robinson's Colonel Blake's - -Earl Craven's - - -Colonel J. L. Gower's Colonel Brodrick's Major General Vansittart's Colonel Leith's - -Sir William Erikine's Colonel Stapleton's -Earl of Cork's - -

lft Garrison Batt1* -

ad - Ditto.

3d - Ditto e»

4th - Ditto - -

5 th - Ditto . -

6th - Ditto •

7th - Ditto -

8th - Ditto -

9th - Ditto -

10 th - Ditto

11th - Ditto -

12 th - Ditto -

13 th - Ditto - -

14th - Ditto - -

15 th - Ditto.

16 th - Ditto * -

id Royal Veteran

Battalion

ad - Ditto

3d Ditto -

4th - Ditto -

5th - Ditto - ,

6th - Ditto -

7th - Ditto -

8th - Ditto —

Jarrifons -

Numbers.

2.031

1.390

904

1.390

1.180 904

2.031

2.031

1.390

1.390

483

907

907

l, H5

2,022

1,811

1.390

1.390

1.180

1.390

1.390

1.390

1.390

2.031 907

907

1.390

1 Lieut. General James 7 [ Stewart's - - - - 3 General Home’s - - -Lieut. General Lumfdaine's Lieut. General Blakeney's Lieut. General Needham's LieuU General Irving's -Major General Murray's -

Total, per Annum, for Great Britain and Ireland

513

513

513

513

513

513

513

513

513

513

513

513

513

513

513

513

38,268

90,617

463

743

743

743

953

743

743

953

743

8,208

5.364

•43,920

3,982,221 17 n

Pay and Daily Allowance of Commissioned Officers, Non-ronimissioned Officers, and Private Men. Charge of Cloathing for Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Agency.

' £■ *■ f- £■ *■ <L . 1 1

49,719 9 4 5,684 17 4 517 15 10

36,640 6 — 3,956 — 8 438 6 8

21,890 9 11 2,557 * 7 240 17 —

36,640 6 — 3,956 — 8 438 6 8

32,705 2 10 3,398 15 10 4H 15 2

21,890 9 11 2,557 1 7 240 17 —

49,7'9 9 4 5,684 17 4 517 15 i°

49,719 9 4 5,684 17 4 517 15 10

36,640 6 — 3,956 — 8 438 6 8

36,640 6 — 3,956 — 8 438 6 8

13,81+ 17 5 i,389 3 11 191 11 —

22,825 8 7 2,566 16 9 ■246 15 8

22,825 8 7 2,566 16 p 246 15 8

25,979 12 9 3,127 15 9 262 12 —

48,684 18 5 5,694 12 6 508 6 4

44,715 18 6 5,123 18 4 487 12 8

36,640 6 — 3,956 — 8 438 6 8

36,640 6 — 3,956 — . 8 438 6 8

32,705 2 10 3,398 15 i« +14 15 2

36,640 6 — 3,056 — 8 438 6 8

36,640 6 — 3,956 — 8 438 6 8

36,640 6 — 3,956 — 8 438 6 8

36,640 6 — 3,956 — 8 438 6 8

49,719 9 4 5,684 17 4 517 15 10

22,825 8 7 2,566 16 9 246 15 8

22,825 8 7 2,566 16 9 246 15 8

36,640 6 — 3,956 — 8 00 •t <0 1 00 CO 'V- 1

12,263 8 6 1,520 163 10 3

14,880 19 6 1,695 3 .11 198 12 —

14,880 19 6 1,695 3 11 198 12 —

14,880 19 6 1,695 3 11 198 12 —

14,880 19 6 1,695 3 ii 198 12 —

14,880 19 6 1,695 3 n 198 12 —

14,880 19 6 1,695 3 11 198 12 —

14,880 19 6 1,695 3 11 198 12 —

14,880 19 6 1,695 3 11 198 12 —

14,880 19 6 1,695 3 11 198 12 —

14,880 19 6 1,695 3 n 198 12 —

14,880 19 6 1,605 3 11 198 12 —

14,880 19 6 1,695 3 u 198 12 —

14,880 19 6 1,695 3 11 198 12 —

14,880 19 6 1,695 3 n 198 12 —

14,880 19 6 1,695 3 11 198 12 •—

14,880 19 6 1,695 3 li 198 12 —

19,062 17 9 i,578 16 — 257 12 7

19,062 17 9 1,578 16 — *57 7

19,062 17 9 1,578 16 — 257 12 7

24,664 »7 6 2,076 9 6 257 12 7

19,062 17 g 1.578 16 — 257 12 7

19,062 17 9 1,578 16 — 257 12 7

24,664 17 6 2,076 9 6 257 12 7

19,062 17 9 1,578 16 — 257 12 7

430,014 16 9

46,906 4

Dtd*a’ °n aCCOunt of the diff«ence between British and Infh Currency, for the Force proposed

Annual Allowances to Field Officers, Captains, and Riding Mailers; Extra Allowance for Farriery; and Allowance for Great Coats.

£. s. d.

1.541 —

1.446 13 —

754 15 —

1.446 13 —

1.323 18 —

754 15 —

1.541 3 —

1.541 3 —

1.446 13 —

1.446 13 — 6pi 15 — 754 I8 — 754 i« — 786 8 —

1.541 6 —

1,509 13 —

1.446 13 —

1.446 13 —

1.323 i« —

1.446 13 —

1.446 13 —

1.446 13 —

1,44* 13 —

1.541 3 —

754 I8 —

754 18 — 1,4+6 13 —

306 — 513 15 513 15 513 15 5>3 15 513 15 5*3 15 513 15 513 15 513 15 513 15 513 5*3 15 513 *5 513 15 5*3 15 5*3 15

15 —

533 15 —

533 15 — 533 15 —

625-----

533 *5 — 533 15 — 625-----

533 *5 —

128,425 5 3

TOTAL

£• *• d.

57.+63 5 6

42.481 6 4

25.443 3 6

42.481 6 4

37,842 11 10

25.443 3 6

57.463

57.463

+2,481 4‘M8l 16,087

26.393 19 —

26.393 19 —

30,156 8 6

56,429 5i.837

42.481

42.481 37,8+2 +2,481

42.481

42.481

3

2

6

6

11

6

6

6

42,481 6 4

57,463 5 6

26.393 *9 —

26.393 19 — +2,481 6 4

17.288

17.288

17.288 17,288 17,288 17,288 17,288 17,288 17,288 17,288 17,288 17,288 17,288 *7^88 17,288

10

10

10

10

10

10

10

10

10

10

10

10

10

10

10

c 77

1,852,60114 4

2,691,28214 5 14,252 it 9

17,288 10 5

2i,+33 * 4

21.433

21.433

27.623 19

21.433

21.433

27.623 19

21.433

to be ltationed in Ireland

Remains to be provided - -

Of which, the Charge of the Regiments proposed to be stationed in Great Britain, is -Of the Regiments proposed to be stationed in Ireland

Together, as above -

*76,616

6 S

183,846 7 5

*9,686 H 1

,048,286 13 7

102,366

— 11

4,945,9

I.717.528 1 ‘ ,228,592 11

War-Office,

28th January 1805.

W. Dund

*45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

599

ESTIMATE o; the Charge of Ills Majesty's FORCES in the PLANTATIONS, &c. including those serving at (itnH.\L'r.\n, in the Mediterranean’, in Ceylon, and in New South Wales; from 25th December 1S04. to 24th December 1S05; both inclusive; being 365 days*

COUP s.

lft Reg* of Foot, lit 7 and 2d Batt 1 - )

2d - - Ditto - -

6th Ditto, lit Battn-7th Ditto, lft Battn -10th Ditto, lft BattB -11th - Ditto - -

l^th - - Ditto - -

16th - - Ditto - -

19th - - Ditto - -

20th - - Ditto - -

27th Ditto, lft Batt* -29th - - Ditto - -

35th - - Ditto -

37th - - Ditto - -

41ft - - Ditto - -

46th - - Ditto - -

40th * - Ditto - -

54th - - Ditto - -

55th - - Ditto - -

37th Ditto, lft Battn 6otb Ditto, fix Biitt* 6ill Ditto, lft Battn -64th - - Ditto - -

66th Ditto, lit Batt° -68th - - Ditto - -

70th - - Qitto - -

85th - - Ditto - -

The Duke of Kent’s - -

General Coates's -

Prince William's -

Sir Alured Clarke's - -General Fox's - - - -General Grant's - - -Lt. Gen. Alex. Campbell’s Lieut. General Bowyer's -General Hulfe’s -

General Leigh's - - -Earl of Moira's - - -Lieut. General Forbes's -Lieut. General Lennox's -Sir Hew Dalrymple's Sir Thomas Stirling's - -Lieut. General Whyte's -General Alexr Maitland’s Sir David Baird's - - -General Tottenham’s - -Genera! John Campbell's The Duke of York's - -Lieut. General Hewett's -General Leland’s -

Earl of Clanricarde’s - -Sir Thomas Trigge's - -Earl of Suffolk's -

Lieut. General Nugent's -

■ General Grofe's -

The New South Wales 1 •,

Regiment of Foot - \ M*J0r The Royal African Corps Colonel Frafer's -

ill West India Reg1 - LordCha'l lenrySomerset's 2d - - Ditto - - Sir William Myers's - -

3d - - Ditto - - Lieut. General Keppel's -

4th- - Ditto - - Lieut. General Nicoll's -

5th - - Ditto - - Major General Calvert's -

6th- - Ditto - - Major Gen. Whitelocke's

yth - - Ditto - - Lieut General Don's - -

8th - - Disto - - Colonel Hiflop's -

The York Rangers - - Colonel $tevenfon*s - -Four Oarrifon Companies in the West Indies - -

NewBrunswick Reg«-)ColonelHunter.8 . .

ment of Fencibles - )

Nova Scotia - Ditto - Colonel Wetherall's - -Canadian - - Ditto - Colonel Peter's - - -Newfoundland- Ditto- Major General Skerrett's

GARRISONS:

Quebec, Montreal, Upper Canada, Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Cape Breton, Saint John's, and Placentia, in Newfoundland, and Prince Edward's Bland ——

Jamaica, Grenada, Saint Vincent's, Dominica, and Tobago -

Gibraltar -

Officers serving with His Majesty’s Forces in North America, the West Indies, Gibraltar, the Mediterranean, and Ceylou -

Officers of the Hospitals serving with the said Forces

Total

War-Office, ? 8th January 1805. 3

Numbers.

U833

907

907

907

1.127 9»7 97 917

*D5»

1.127

1.127 907

1.127

1.127 907 917 907 907 917

1.127

5*493

907

1.127

1,151

917

917

917

1.124

1.124

1.124 1,1*4

1.124

1.124

1.124

1.124

713

913

7L3

9*3

32,*99 592 1,114

8,99*

592

311

3,252

4^952

Pay and Daily Allowance of Commissioned Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Charge of Clothing for Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men. Agency. Annual Allowances to Field Officers and Captains, and for Great Coats. t— TOT

£• d. £ «• d. £■ s. d. £■ *■ d. I £- s. d.

47>38 11 4 5,133 13 c 504 2 2 1,509 16 — 54,456 3 —

22,825 8 7 2,5 GO 16 9 246 15 8 754 18 — 26,393 19 —

22,825 8 7 2,566 16 9 246 15 8 754 18 — 26,393 19 —

22,971 8 7 •2,566 16 9 248 — •— 754 18 — 26,541 3 4

27,828 19 5 3D-7 15 9 276 18 10 786 8 — 32,020 2

*3.859 >1 11 2,566 i5 9 253 17 7 754 18 — 27,435 4 3

22,825 8 7 2,566 16 9 246 15 8 754 18 — 26,393 19 —

23.859 11 11 2,566 16 9 ^53 17 7 754 18 — 27,435 4 3

28,787 1 11 3,256 4 8 293 12 5 827 13 — 33,164 12 —

27,828 19 5 3D-7 lS 9 276 18 10 786 8 — 32,020 2 —

27,828 19 5 3,127 15 9 276 18 10 786 8 — 32,020 2 —

22,825 8 7 2,566 16 9 24615 8 754 18 — 26,393 19 —

27,828 19 5 3*127 15 9 276 18 10 786 8 — 32,020 2 —

27,82819 5 3D27 15 9 276 18 10 786 8 — 32,020 2 —

22,825 8 7 2,566 16 9 24615 8 .754 18 — 26,393 19 —

23,859 n 11 2,566 16 9 253 17 7 754 18 — 27,435 4 3

22,825 8 7 2,566 16 9 24615 8 754 18 — 26,393 19 —

22,825 8 7 2,566 16 9 24615 8 754 18 — 26,393 19 —

23,859 11 11 2,566 16 9 253 17 7 754 18 — 27,435 4 3

27,828 19 5 3,i27 15 9 276 18 10 786 8 — 32,020 2 — 1

142,248 2 4 15,401 — 6 U5I7 5 11 4,529 8 — 163,695 16 9

22,825 8 7 2,566 16 9 24615 8 754 18 — 26,393 19 —

27,828 19 5 3D*7 15 9 276 18 10 786 8 — 32,020 2 —

28,787 1 11 3,156 4 8 293 12 5 827 13 — 33D64 12 —

23,85911 11 2,566 16 9 253 17 7 754 18 — 27,435 4 3

23,859 " 11 2,566 16 9 253 17 m / 754 18 — 27,435 4 3

23,859n 11 2,566 16 9 253 17 7 754 *8 — 27,435 4 3

16,154 5 10 1,720 2 2 203 18 6 525 12 — - -

26,9+014 1 3,043 6 5 269 7 10 724 12 — - -

27,460 1 4 3,i!7 17 — 273 15 — 565 31,4*6 13 4

27,460 1 4 3,"7 17 — 273- 15 — 565 — — 31416 13 4

27,460 1 4 3, H7 17 — 273 15 — 565 31416 13 4

27,460 1 4 3, H7 17 — 273' 15 — 565 — — 31416 13 4

27,460 1 4 3, U7 17 ‘— 273 15 — 565 31416 13 4

27,460 1 4 3, U7 17 — 273 15 — 565 31416 13 4

27,460 1 4 3,117 17 — 273 15 — 565 31416 13 4

27,460 1 4 3, H7 17 — 273 15 — 565 31,416 13 4

16,154 5 10 1,720 2 2 203 18 6 525 12 —

7,928 a 3 - 826 — 3

18,530 19 6 2,200 17 11 220 18 2 72 6 5 — 21,679 — 7

22,180 19 6 2,660 12 4 241 3 8 756 5 — 25,839 — 6

18,530 19 6 2,200 17 11 220 18 2 726 5 — 21,679 — 7

22,180 19 6 2,660 12 4 241 3 8 756 5 — 25,839 — 6

1,182,807 10 9 j ---= 131,986 9 1 12,338 1 i 8 34,538 10 — ’J -

Appendix, (No. 11.) 28° Jamiarii,

continued.

938,361 2 10 18,603 18 6

30,978 — 4

25L333 6 8 18,603 18 6 8,754 6

95,030 2 2

6,300 *8 4

2,881

*,787

5 — 3 —

36,908 16 3

14,371 17 6

1,424,920 11 7

IV. Dundas.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive; being 305 days.

In GREAT BRITAIN* GUERNSEY, and JERSEY:

For General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals

Iv IRELAND: Irish.

For General and Staff Officers - -- -- 64,199 16 7*1

Medical Board, and Medical Staff - - -- - 18,882 6

•/. 83,082 3 4

* Which Sum of £. 83,082. 31. 4 j. Irish/ amounts in British Money to -

War-Office, 7 28th January 1805,)

qtal

Charge for 365 Days.

212,166 18 0

76,691 4 8

288,858 3 2

W. Dundas.

600

Appendix

A. 1S05;

Appendix, (No. ii.) a 8* Jamiarii,

continued.

PARTICULARS of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Fofccs in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; from 25th December 1804 to 14th December 1805; both inclusive) being

a65 day*-

In GREAT BRITAIN, GUERNSEY, and JERSEY:

Charge for 365 days.

Captain General and Commander in Chief - - 1 3,457 1® —

Four Aides-de-Camp - ea. £. 172. 17. 6. I 69! 10 —

Secretary ...... - I 172 17 6

Chaplain - " - •I 1*5 5 —

Surgeon 259 6 3

Two Generals ...... 1 €a. 2,074. I0- I 4>449 —

Six Aides-de-Camp - - - - 172. 17. 6. | 1,037 5

Fifteen Lieutenant Generals Thirty Aides-de-Camp

Forty-nine Major Generals Forty-nine Aides-de-Camp -

Seventy Brigadier Generals

Adjutant General ......

Deputy Adjutant General -

Quarter Mailer General ——

Deputy Quarter Mailer General -Two Barrack Mailer Generals

Ten Aides-de-Camp to the King -

Two extra Aides-de-Camp to the King -

Two Inspectors of Cloathing -

Twelve Assistant Adjutant Generals ....

Assistant Deputy Adjutant General ....

Four Assistant Quarter Mailer Generals -Two District Assistants to the Quarter Mailer General -Five - - Ditto -

Three Deputy Aflillant Quarter Mailer Genbrals -One hundred and nineteen Majors of Brigade Chaplain General - - - - y

Physician General ——

Surgeon General -

Inspector of Regimental Hospitals

Apothecary General ——

Principal Veterinary Surgeon -Military Superintendant of Hospitals -Commander of the Forces in North Britain, as General -Three Aides-de-Camp -

Secretary - -

- 1,383. o. o.

- 172. 17. 6.

691. 10. o.

172. 17. 6.

518. 12. 6.

20,745 — 5,1*6 5

33,883 10 8,470 17

ea. 691. 10. o. 189. 9. o$.| 189. 9. o$.| 345- 15. o. 259* 6. 3.

ea. 259. 6. 3. 419. 15. o. 35i- 6. 3. ea. 172. 17. 6. 172. 17. 6.

ea. 172. 17. 6.

2,074 10 — 518 12 6 172 17 6

One Lieutenant General Two Aides-de-Camp

Four Major Generals -

Four Aides-de-Camp -

i»3$3 — 172. 17. 6. J 3+5 15

691. 10. o. I 2,766 — 172. 17. 6. j' 691 10

Twelve Brigadier Generals ——

Deputy Adjutant General -

Deputy Quarter Mailer General -

Nine Majors of Brigade -

Baggage Mailer and Inspector of the Roads -Deputy Judge Advocate and Clerk of the Courts Martial Commiflaiy of Stores and Provisions r -One Major General commanding in Guernsey - -

One Aide-de-Camp

Three Majors of Brigade -

One Lieutenant General commanding in Jersey

Two Aides-de-Camp -----•_

518. 12. 6.

- ea. 172. 17. 6.

ME DICAL STAFF:

Two Inspectors of Hospitals

Seventeen Deputy Inspectors of Hospitals

Thirteen Physicians - -

Three Purveyors of Hospitals

Forty-eight Surgeons -

Twenty Apothecaries -

Fifteen Deputy Purveyors of Hospitals

ea. 172. 17. $.

172. 17. 6.

691. 10. o.

432. 3. 9-

345- 15- o. 345- 15. o.

259. 6. 3.

172. 17. 6. 172. 17. 6.

Fourteen Hospital Mates Fifty - - Ditto Twenty - Ditto

- 136. 17. 6,

118. 12. 9i- 5.

— £.1,916

5,931

°- — 1,825

6.

5 — 5 —

691 10 — 172 17 6

1,383 -

345 15 -

1,3*3-----

7,347 3 9 4,494 15 — i,37 5 —

12,447-----

3,457 10 — a,593 6

32,759 16 3

9,672 10 —

£■ d.

4,698 8 4

8,186 5 -

25,931 5 —

42,354 7 6

36,303

345

345

345

345

1,383

1,894

378

691

S,m

172

i»°37

839

1,756

518

20,572

345 172 172 172 172 172 345

15 — 15 — 15 — 15 — 15 —

10 3 18 1

10 — 15 — 17 6 5 — 10 — n 3 12 a 2 6

15 —

17 6 17 6 17 6 17 a 17 6 15 —

2,766 — —

1,728 15 —

3,457 1° 6,223 345 15 345 15 »r555 17 86 8 172 17 172 17

6

9

6

6

864 7 6 518 12 6

1,728 15 — I ig9,734 12 3

42*32 6

otal for Great Britain* Guernsey, and Jersey - - Carried forward - £. 212,166 18

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

601

Particulars of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, &c.—continued.

In IRELAND:

Brought forward

Commander of the Forces, at £. 10. a day -4 Aides-de-Camp to Ditto, io$. per day each Secretary to Ditto, £,2. a day - For Clerks to Ditto -Pottage for Ditto -

3 Lieutenant Generals, at £. 4. a day each -2 Aides-de-Camp to each of Ditto, at 10s. a day each -

9 Major Generals, at £.2. a day each -

1 Aide-de-Camp to each, at io$. a day each -

45 Brigadier Generals, at £. I. 10s. a day each -

1 Adjutant General, at £. 3. 105. per day -

Allowance to Ditto, for Clerks -

1 Deputy Adjutant General, at £. 1. a day -

Allowance in lieu of Contingent Expences -

7 Attittant Adjutants General, at 15s. per diem each -

1 Allistant Deputy Adjutant General, at 7s. 6d. per diem ——

1 Quarter Masser General, at £. 2. 105. a day -

Allowance to Ditto, for the Examination of the Forage Accounts of the Cavalry Allowance to Ditto, for the Examination of the Baggage Accounts of the Army Allowance to Ditto, for Clerks - . ——

Expences of Coals and Candles for Office -

Allowance for Pottage of Letters -

1 Deputy Quarter Matter General, at £. 1. a day -

3 Permanent Allistant Quarter Matters General; viz.

1 at the Pay of Lieutenant Colonel of Cavalry - £.419 L5—

2 at the Pay of Majors of Cavalry, at £.351. 6s. 3<f. each* ■* 702 12 6

10 Attittant Quarter Matters General, at 155. per day each

1 Major of Brigade in Dublin, at ioj. per day - -----Ditto, for Stationary -

45 Majors of Brigade, at 10s. per day each -2 Insepctors of Cloathing, at £. 1. per day each I Field Provott Marttial, at 5 s. per day

MEDJCAL BOARD:

2 Joint Physicians General, at 105. per diem each Surgeon General, at 20.9. ditto ——

Director General of Hospitals, at 505. ditto

• 3^5-----

- 3^5 —

- 912 10 —

Secretary, per annum Attittant to Ditto, per Ditto

MEDICAL STAFF:

4 Deputy Insepctors - - at 25 s. per diem each - V<$‘25 —

Ilorfe Money - - at 7s. 6d. per ditto, for 3 effective Horses 547 10 Lodging Money - at £. 1. 2s. 9 d. per week each - - 236 12 —,

Difference between the Salaries of 4 Attittant and 4 Deputy Insepctors, for one year, ending 24th December 1804, not yet paid, and authorized by His Majesty’s Royal

Charge for 365 Days.

I-«•

212,166 18 §

3,650-----

730-----

730-----

958 19 «°5 80-----

4»38o

I.095

6,57°

1,642

1,277

519

365

158

1,916

144

10 —

2 — I

H 7i 5 ~ 16 9*

912

211

211

39*2

42

80

3^5

10 — 12

12 9

17 —

6 6|

1,122 7 6 2,737 10 "

182 10 — 42 6 6%

1,642 10 — 60-----

60-----

14 Surgeons

Ilorfe Money Lodging Money

4 Apothecaries

Ilorfe Money Lodging Money

4 Purveyors - -

Ilorfe Money Lodging Money

4 Deputy Purveyors Lodging Money

30 Ilcspital Mates -Lodging Money

at 155. per diem, each

at $s. per ditto, for 2 effectice llorfes

at 15 s. per week, each

at 10s. per diem each -at 3s. 4d. per ditto -at 8s. per week -

at io.v. per diem each - -

at 3$. 4d. per ditto -at Ss. per wreek -

at 5 s. per diem, each -at 6 s. per week -

at 7s, 6 d. per diem each at 6 s. per w eek -

Rent of Board Room and Offices Stationary and Printing Pottage -

Goals and Candles -

- 10 —

- W7 10 —

- 546 —

730

- 243 6 8

- 83 4 —

- 730 —

- 243 6 8

- 83 4 —

• 365 —

- 62 8 —

- 4,106 5 —

- 468 —

■ -

Contingencies

2,609 2 —

3*0-----

5>656 -

1.056 iq 8

1.056 10 8

427 8 —

4>574 5

91 —

100 •— — 22 15 -22 15 100-----

Poundage, Hospital, and Pells -

Total for Ireland

£■ d.

Irish. 6,148 19 lo\

5,475 — —

8,212 10 — 24,637 10 —

4,391 8 5i

6,075 16 9

224 16. 6.; 8,212 10 — 730 -

91 5 —

1,762 i« —

15,744 16 4

33s 10 —

82,043 12 nf

1.038 10 4

83,082 3 4

Which Stun of £.83,082. 3 s.4<f. Irish, amounts, in Britishi Money, to -

7 O

76.691 4 8

___-----

288,85* 3

Appendix,

'(No. 11.)

28* Janua

continued.

Appendix, (No. ii.) 28° Janu

continued.

<-----,-----1

C02

Appendix.

A. 1S05.

F ST, MATE of the Charge of Four Regiments of Dragoons, and Fifteen Regiments of Foot for Service in East India; ESTIMAIh ot 1116 flo;’; 5th December .804 to 24th December t8o3, both mcluiive; being 365 days.

The 8 th Regiment of Light Dragoons, Lieutenant General Floyd’s:

Pay ......

Cloathing ......

Agency - - - - ~ ~ * " "

Allowances to the Field Officers, Captains, and Riding Mailers

19th Regiment of Light Dragoons, Lord Viscount Howe’s - the fame 22d - D° - - - Lieut. General Gwyn’s - - the tame

24th - D°

- Lieut. General Loftus’s - - the lame -

The 12U1 Regiment of Foot, General Piston's:

Pay ......

Cloathing -

Agency - -

Allowances to the Field Officers and Captains

17th Regiment of Foot

22d - D° -

33d - D° -

34th - D* -

56th - D° (lft Battn)

65 th - D® -

73d - D* *(ift Battn)

75th - D° -

77th - D* -

78th - D° (lft Battn)

80th - D° -

84th - D* -

86th - D° -

94th - D* -

General Garth’s -Lieut. General Simcoe’s Marquis Cornwallis’s Lord Southampton’s General Norton’s -General Stevens’s -Lieut. General Harris’s Sir Rob1 Abercromby’s General Bertie’s -Major General Frazer’s Lord Lake’s

Lieut. Gen1 Bernard’s Sir Jas#Henry Craig’s Lieut. Gen1 Dundas's

War-Office, \ 28th January 1805. j

the fame the fame the fame the fame the fame the fame the fame the fame the fame the fame the fame the fame the fame the fame

Total -

Numbers.

r

720 - -

720

720 -

720 -

2,880

1,151

M5i

1,151 -

1,151 —

1,151 -

1,151 -

1,151 -

1,151 -

1,151 -

1,151 -

1,151 -

1,151 -

1,151 -

1,151 -

1,151 -

17.265

- - 20,145 I— 'i

W. D

Ch arge for

f £• s. d.

29,449 18 6

3,403 — 10

402 19 1

694 9 —

34,°7° *7 5

34,070 7 5

34,070 7 5

34,070 7 5

18.132 4

3.256 4 S

293 12 5

66 3 5 —

22,345 6 1

22,345 6 l

22,345 6 1

2 2,345 6 1

22,345 6 1

22,345 6 1

22,345 6 1

22,345 6 1

22,345 6 1

22,345 6 1

2*2,345 6 1

22,345 6 1

22,345 6 1

22,345 6 l

22,345 6 1

•I - r.

c

a

u.

136,281 9 8

335,179 n 3

471,461 — 11

Memorandum,—The Expence of His Majesty’s Forces serving in the East Indies, is declared by Law to be payable out of the Revenues of the East India Company; it is therefore only necessary to vote, on account of the Regiments above-mentioned, the Charge of the Recruiting Troops and Recruiting Companies of the said Regiments, employed in Great Britain. This Charge, amounting to ^.25,410. 18$. ^d. is Hated in a separate Estimate.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons, and Fifteen Companies of Foot, stationed in Great Britain for the purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East India; from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive; being 365 days. T r J

The 8th Regiment of Light Dragoons, Lieutenant General Floyd’s: Pay ... _ _ J

Cloathing

Agency -

Allowances to the Captain and Riding Master

19th Regiment of Light Dragoons, Lord Viscount Howe's - Lieut. General Gwynne’s

i4tn - D° - - - Lieut. General Loftus’s -

the fame the fame the fame

The 12th Regiment of Foot, General Pifton’s; Pay -

Cloathing ......

Agency ......

Allowance to the Captain -

17th Regiment of Foot,

22d - D° — — —

33d - D* -

34th - D° -

56th - D° (ill Batt")

65th - D* - -

73d - D° (lft Batt11)

75th - D° -

77th - D° -

78th - D° (ill Batt*)

80th - D°

84 th - Do

86th - D*

94‘b - Dm •

War-Office,

General Garth’s -Lieut. General Simcoe’s -Marquis Cornwallis’s -Lord Southampton’s General Norton’s -General Stevens’s -Lieut. General Harris’s -Sir Rob* Abercromby’s -General Bertie’s -Major General Frazer’s -Lord Lake’s

Lieut. Gen1 Bernard’s -Sir Ja' Henry Craig’s -Lieut. Gen1 Dundas’s -

the fame the fame the lame the fame the fame the fame the fame the fame the fame the fame the fame the fame the fame the fame

Total

Numbers.

*8th January 1805.

/ i

£■ s. d.

- - 25 * 1.837 12 1

151 2 1

35 6 11

4s 1 —

2,072 2 1

- - 25 - 2,07*2 2 1

- - 25 - 2,072 2 1

* 25 100 2,072 2 1

24 958 2 6

- - - - 1-28 8 11

16 13 7

38 5 —

1,141 10 —

- 24 - - 1,141 10 —

• 24 - 1,141 10 —

24 - 1,141 10 —

- 24 - 1,141 10 —

" 24 - 1,141 10 - -

• 24 - 1,141 10 —

• 24 - 1,141 10 —

• 24 - 1,141 10 —

• 24 - 1,141 10 —

- 24 - 1,141 10 —

• 24 - 1,141 10 —

• 24 1,141 10 —

• 24 - 1,141 10 —

24 3C0 1,141 10 —*

- - * 460 -

Charge for 365 days.

—1 s. d.

8,288 8 4

W. Dund

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix.,

603

ESTIMATE of die Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies, for His Majesty's LAND FORCES; from 35th December 1804

to 24th December 1805, both inclusive; being 365 days.

For Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces upon the Establishment of Great Britain, upon Account -

For Recruiting and Contingencies, for His Majesty’s Land Forces, upon the Establishment of Ireland - 136,355^ 4 10$ Which Sum of £. 136,355. 4. 10$. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to

Charge for 365 days.

£• d.

50,000 — —

125,866 7 8

Total

175,866 7 8

Appendix

(No. 11.)

28* Janaariiy continued.

y-----—'

War-Office, 7 23th January 1805. f

W. Dundas.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fe*cible Inpantry, in the United Kingdom of Great BkrrAiN and Ireland, and of the Royal Corps of Miners of Devon and Cornwall; from 25th December 1804 to 24th

December 1805, both inclusive; being 365 days.

SOUTH BRITAIN:

Bedford ......

Royal Berks ...... a

Royal Buckinghamshire -

Cambridge ......

Royal Chester -

Royal Cornwall -

Royal Cumberland ......

Derby -

Devon -

Dorset -

Durham -

Essex ——

Royal Gloucester -

Hereford ——

Royal Hertford -

Huntingdon -

Kent ——

Royal Lancaster -

Leicester -

Lincoln -

Royal London -

Royal Middlesex -

Royal Monmouth and Brecon -

Norfolk -

Northampton -

Northumberland -

Nottingham -

Oxford -

Rutland - -

Salop -

Stafford -

Somerset -

Southampton -

Suffolk -

Royal Surrey -

Sussex -

Royal Tower Hamlets -

Warwick -

Royal Westmorland -

Wilts ......

Wore eft er -

York, West Riding -

- - - North Riding -

- - - East Riding -

Royal Anglesea -

Royal Cardigan ——

Royal Carmarthen ......

Royal Carnarvon -

Royal Denbigh -

Royal Flint ......

Royal Glamorgan ......

Royal Merioneth ......

Royal Montgomery -

Royal Pembroke -

Royal Radnor -

Royal Cprps of Minera of Cornwall and Devon -

Carried forward

Regiments, Battalions, or Corps. Numbers. Charge for 365 days.

t 1 £■ *■ d.

1 537 14,030 19 9

1 884 22,145 — 11

1 1,043 *5.955 10 10

1 736 . 18,674 18 1

1 1,359 33,463 3 3

1 1,072 *5.74* 5 1

1 939 24,152 6 10

a 1 >547 3*i387 3

3 2,622 65,678 16 3

1 710 * 17,804 4 6

1 816 20,778 12 6

3 2,107 53,019 4 10

2 1,981 49,593 »* —

1 795 20,478 11 3

1 827 21,021 10 1 6,954 »o

1 469

2 1,7*2 45.334 *6 6

3 3.984 98,420 6 3

1 1,108 27,164 — 3

3 1,976 50,766 8 6

2 »>37» 36,226 11 6

3 3>*5* 8i,95* — 11

1 795 20,058 — 7

2 1,968 47.7*o 5 6

I 1,192 30,102 16 1

I 949 24,637 1 7

1 9*3 22,764 7 6

1 948 *3.444 3 9

1 *49 3.936 1* 7

2 1,606 40,433 *6 9

2 1,867 46,238 18 1

2 2,509 62,744 *4 3

3 1,338 33,85* 6 1

2 1 >779 43,9*4 5 4

2 i>385 35,124 16 6

1 1,260 30,969 18 2

2 1,128 30,224 14 2

2 1,412 35,43* 8 4

1 401 10,580 — 3

2 M39 36,635 13 6

1,048 *5,950 9 5

3 3,971 97,*35 *6

1 i,37o 33,69* 5 9

1 - 807 *o,739 *5 9

1 213 5,729 11 10

1 406 *0,327 15 2

1 691 *7,4*5 7 —

1 224 5,930 6 10

1 540 *4,59* 3 3

1 336 8,73* *3 *0

1 666 17,001 4 6

l 321 6,05014 4

1 475 12,32614 7

1 33* 8,768 310

I 216 66,206 337 5,973 3

1 — — * m m

«3 - , * <56.543 - -

TOTAL.

s. d.

1,667,13615 9>*9 7 1,676,366 27

604

Appendix

rif. 1805.

Appendix, (No. n.) 28" Januarii,

continued.

Estimate of the Charge of the Embodied Militia,

Regiments, Battalions, or Corps. Numbers, Charge for 365 days.

NORTH BK1 1 A1 in: c £. ,. d.

Brought forward - «3 - 66,543 -

Aberdeen Argyll and Bute Ayr - - - Berwick, Haddington, Linlithgow, and Peebles - 1 1 1 l 1,000 7*0 747, 748 *• «5,567 16 7 18,322 8 6 19,265 13 11 18,611 15 9 21,364 8 1 26,680 — 3 21,386 1 11

Dunifries, Roxburgh, and Selkirk 1 859

Edinburgh County and City 1 1,076 849 -

Forfar and Kincardine . - - 1 1,126 1,165 - 28,015 13 9

Inverness, Banff, Elgin, and Nairn - 1 - 29,766 15 6

Kirkcudbright and Wigton - 1 471 - 12,269 11 8

Royal Lanark l 1,226 - 30,879 12 11

Royal Perth - 1 1,092 - 27,395 3 9

Renfrew 1 710 - 18,563 1 6'

Ross, Cai(.hoofs, Sutherland, and Cromarty ... l 838 - 21,249 12 6

Stirling, Dumbarton, Clackmannan, and Kinross l 775 13,382 19,804 1 6

98 79,9*5

FENCIBLE INFANTRY:

Royal Manx Corps - - 1 - 508 " -

Por the Allowance to Paymasters, Paymasters Clerks, and

Armourers, upon Account -

80,433

IN IRELAND: Irish.

1 Regiment. * 10 Companies Donegal Regiment - 800 22,832 8 1150

5 more - - * 50 - D° - - Galway, Londonderry, Tipperary,

Tyrone, and Wexford - 4,000 - 114,162 4 950

1 more - - - 9 . D° <■ - Louth Regiment - 721 * m 20,704 19 5i8j

1 more - - - 8 - D» - - Antrim D° - 642 - 18,577 9 io66y

13 more, each 8 7 Companies j 104 - Vf - - Armagh, 3 Cork Regiments, Dublin ■-

City, Kerry, Kilkenny, King's County, Limerick County, Meath,

Monaghan, Roscommon, and Waterford County Regiments 8,346 241,507 8

1 more - * - 7 - D# - - Mayo North Regiment - 563 m * 16,431 12 37j

1 more - - - 7-D« - - Mayo South - D° - 563 - 16,431 12 37S

1 more - - - 6 . D* - - Carlow - - - D° - 484 14,304 2 93#

14 more, each 6 7 Companies J 84 - D» - - Cavan, Clare, 2 Down County, Dublin County, Fermanagh, Kildare, Leitrim, Limerick City, Longford, Queen's County, Sligo, -

Westmeath, and Wicklow Regiments - - 6,776 22,895 200,257 18 io66§.

38 Regiments. 285 Companies. 665,209 17 IO91J

• Which Sum of £.665,209. 17. 1091;. Irish, amounts, in British 7

Money, to - - - -1 m mm — mm m

Total - - -• m 103,328 -

War-Office, \ 28th January 1805.3

TOTAL.

£■ t- d. 1,676,266 2 7

339,141 18 l

2,015,408 — 8 14,303 19 5

2,029,712 — 1 20,000-----

2,049,712

614,039 18 1

2,663,751 18 l

W. Dundas.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Contingencies for tho Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; for the year 1805.

For the Contingencies of the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry, in Great Britain, for the V*&r lane* unnn A nr Aunt _ _ J 1

the year 1805; upon Account For the Contingencies of the Embodied Militia of Ireland; for the year 1805

* Which Sum of £. 17,000. Iriftj, amounts, in British Money, to -

Total

War-Office,

Irish.

' *£• 17,000.

War-Office,

*8th January 1805. j

£. s. d.

50,00#-----

15,69a 6 2

65,69a 6 a

W. Dundas.

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

605

ESI I MATE of the Charge ot Clothing for the Embodied Militia, in that part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain;

for the year 1805.

SOUTH BRITAIN:

Nurribers.

3 Serjeants ......

1,630 Drummers -

5!8,415 Rank and File -

NORTH BRITAIN:

626 Serjeants 334 Drummers -11,805 Rank and File

17 Serjeants -11 Drummers £90 Rank and File

Charge.

- at 5- £- s. d. £■ s. d.

12. 1. 18,123 '7 6

- 2. 18. 7- 4.774 10 10

- 2. 8. Mr /* 141,899 L5 5 164,798 0 A

3 9

- at 5- 12 1. 3.5^8 4 2

2. 18. 7- 978 6 10

2. 8. 7- 28,676 6 3 33.162 17

Devon. 3

- at£.5. 12. 1. $5 5 5

- 2. 18. 7- 3- 4 5

- 2. 8. 7- 7°4 9 2 Q 0 1 19

<*dl

Total - - - 1. 198,793 — —

War-Office, 28th Januai

Dice, 7 ry 1805. J

Appendix,

(No. 11.)

28® Janua,

continued.

TV. Dimdas.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Full Pay for Supernumerary Officers of I Its Majesty's FORCE S; from 25th December

1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive; being 365 days.

GREAT BRITAIN:

fi Major -

2 lieutenants and Captains -1 Lieutenant and Captain (difference of Pay)

none orenacner , 2 and CaInalns ——

/ 5 Sub-Lieutenants -

Guards. 1 1 Adjutai^ -

2 Chaplains -

l Surgeon -

l Riding Master -

- each £. 355. 17. 6.

- each - 337, 12. 6.

228. 2. 6.

- ea. 121. 13. 4.

Life Guards - - Eleven Trumpeters

Coldttream R^piment off One A Defiant Surgeon Foot OUa.ds. I Allowance u) Ditto

Agency -

each £.45. 12. 6.

Foot: -

1 Major and Captain -

54 Captains

1 C ipU

Late 41ft Regiment of Foot, or Invalids.

ptain Lieutenant 1 Quarter Master -

"3 Captains -2 Lieutenants 2 Ditto 4 Ensigns 1 Adjutant -1 Quarter-Matter

Agency

each £.171. 17. 1.

- each £.171. 17. 1.

103. 8. 4.

85. 3. 4.

85. 3. 4.

Agency

Allowances to 3 Captains, - -

each £. 80. -

Companies

of

Invalids.

f 1 Commandant 1 Ditto 28 Captains 77 Lieutenants 42 I’nfigns -1 Surgeon -1 Ditto

each £. 171. 17. 1.

103. 8. 4.

85. 3* 4-

Agency -

Allowance to 27 Captains Ditto - to 1 Captain

Ditto to 1 Lieutenant

Yol. 6q.

7P

each £. 80. o. o.

Carried forward - -

Charge for -y v

£. 4. d.

456 5 —

711 15 —

82 2 6

75 5 —

1,140 12 6

173 7 6

243 6 8

146 — —

45 12 6

3.674 6 8

501 17 6

4.‘76 4 2

80 — —

93 10 7

50 — *—

00 00 <0 < 4

85 3 4

85 3 4

85715 —

21 8 10

515 11 3

206 l6 8

170 6 8

340 13 4

, 73 — —

35 3 4

i,39i u 3

34 15 10

240 — —

118 12 6

91 5 —

4,811 18 4

7.963 8

3.577 — —

171 17 1

91 5 ——

16,82419 7

420 12 5

2,160 — —

100 — —

40 — —

m m

£• a. d.

4,256 4 a

143 10 259 6

879 3 10

1,666 7 t

19.545 12 —

26,750 3 n

606

Appendix

A. |P0;

1 — V.' t J

Appendix, (No. ii.) 28° Jant/arii,

continued.

Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay for Supernumerary Officers of Ills Majesty’s Forces— continued.

Great Britain—continued.

Charge for days.

Late Royal Garrison Battalion.

4 Captains 15 Lieutenants l Lieutenant 1 Ensign -1 Adjutant

Brought forward - -

- each £. 171. 17. 1.

103. 8 4.

Agency ——

Allowance to 1 Lieutenant -

For the Colonels of the Six Regiments of the late Irish Brigade, and for the Chaplains of Reduced Regiments, continued on Full Pay -

Total for Great Britain -IRELAND:

Corps

of

Invalids.

1 Captain Ditto

\ 3 Lieutenants v 3 Ensigns

each jf. 193. 7. 6.

104. 2. G 33y

- 3.5. 14. 5 83}

£• s. d.

6S7 8 4

i,55i 5 —

85 3 4 85 3 4 73-----

2,482 — 62 1 40 — —

- -

Trill):

273 7 6

386 15 -

312 7 7

257 3 5 5C

I " 1,220 13 65c

1 *

£• s. u.

26>7j° 3 11

Total

,584 1 -

4,000 —____

33:334 4 11

1,135 1 9

34.469 6 8

War*Oflice, \

28th January 1805. j

W. Dundas.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowance to the Principal Officers of the several Departments under-mentioned, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences; and of the Amount of Excluder Fees to be paid by the Pay mailer General; from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive; being 365 days.

IN GREAT BRITAIN:

For the Allowance to the Paymaster General, his Deputies, Clerks, &c. -

Fees at the Exchequer ... -

For the Allowance to the Secretary at War, his Deputy, Clerks, &c. upon Account -

For the Allowance to the Commissary General of the Mullers, his Deputy, and Clerks, and for Reduced Coininifl'diies ——

Cl large for 365 oays.

Judge Advocate General, his Deputy, Clerks, &c. -

Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army -

Commifl'ary General of Stores and Provisions, his Deputies, Clerks, &c. -

IN IRELAND: Muller Matter General and his Deputies -Judge Advocate General, his Deputies, &c. -

Phyttcian General -

Surgeon General -

Provost Marshal, and Contingencies -

Agent for transiniffion of Deserters -

Town Major of Dublin, his Deputy, &e. -

Secretary and Accomptant to the Board of General Officers -

Irish.

For certain Miscellaneous Services

12 6

- - 1,230 — —

- * 365 — —

- - 365 — —

- - 560 10 1

- - 100 —

- - 884 H —1

- - 4 ?:> 16 5

&c. 4,021 3

- 55 16 5

12 Hi

to

Tot:

C

War-Office, 7

28th January 1805. 3

£ d.

18,805-----

70,000-----

•25,000-----

4,167 17 4

3,969 5 9

6,641 12 6

54, >93 12 l

182,807 7 8

8,071 1 2

<11,833 8 10

fl'\ Dunf/

45 Geo. III. Appendix. 607

Eo II MATE oi the Charge of the Increased Rates ot Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers; ot an Allowance ot Lodging Money to be made to the Inhabitants of North Britain on whom Soldiers may be Q gartered; of an Allowance to the Noii-commissioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty’s Land Forces in the United Kingdom of Great i> Rl'i ain and Ireland, for Small Beer; and ot an Allowance to the Non-comm if honed Officers and Private Men of His Majesty’s Forces, w'mle on a March in that part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland; from 25th December 1S04 to 24th December 1S05, both inclusive; being 305 days.

IN GREAT BRITAIN;

For the Increased Rates of Subfifience to be paid to Innkeepers, and others, on Quartering Soldiers, upon Account

For an Allowance of Lodging Money to the Inhabitants of North Britain, upon whom Soldiers may be Quartered; upon Account for an Allowance to be made to the Nou-cormniffioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty’s Land Forces, for Small Beer; upon Account ......

IN IRELAND;

Irish.

For an Allowance to be made to the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men of

His Majesty’s Land Forces, for Small Beer ----- 91,993 13 9

For an Allowance to be made to the said Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men,

while on a Mai eh ----- 37,680 10 —

* £• 1*9,674 3 9

* Which Sum of £. 120,674. 3 s. Q d. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to -

Total - - £.

Charge for 365 days.

£• s. d. i6o,oqo — —

7,000-----

190,000-----

357,000

119,699' 5

476,699 5

War-Office,

28 th January 1805.

IF. Dundas.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive; being 365 days.

Charge

For Half Pay to Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces upon the Establishment of Great Britain; upon Account -

For Ditto to Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces upon the Eftahliih- Irish.

merit of Ireland; including the Allowance to Retired Chaplains - / - *£.33,175. 6. 10.

* Which Sum of £.33,175* 6$. 10 d. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to -

Total for Half Pay £.

For Military Allowances to Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, upon the

Lluinhiim.t'nl of Great Britain; upon Account ----- £. 5,000-----

For Ditto to Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces upon Irish.

the Lllabhthment of Ireland ----- *£.720. 17. 6.

Which Sum of £.720. 175. 6d. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to

-66586

Total for Military Allowances Total -

War-Office, 1 28th January 1805. j

for 365 do vs.

£• d.

145,000-----

30,623 7 11

175,623 7 ll

5,665 8 6

181,288 16 5

W. Dundas.

L S TI M A T E of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's American Forces; from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive; being 365 days.

For Half Pay to Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces Allowances to Officers of Ditto -

Charge for 365 days.

44,000-----

6,000-----

War-Office, 2S1I1 January 1 S05.

Total

50,000 — —

W. Dundas.

LST IM ATE of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade in the Service of the States General; from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive; being 365 days.

For Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade

Charge

for 365 days.

£■ «. d.

1,000 — —

War-Office, }

28U1 Junuary 1805. J

W. Dundas.

Appendix, (No. 11.) 28° Januarii,

continued.

<-----v-----

608

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix, (No. ii.) 28* Januarii,

continued.

F ST I MATF of the Chirac of llie In-Pf.nsionf.rs of Ciielsea Hospital, anil of the Ro\al Hospital near Kilmainham; and of the Internal said Hospital; from 25th December 1804 to 24th December ,805, both inclusive; being 365 days.

Charge

CHKVLSEA HOSPITAL:

Pay for 476 Military Officers and Private Soldiers Clothing for Ditto -

Salaries of the Governor and other Officers Board Wages and Table for Ditto -Surgeon and Apothecary -Repairs, Ordinary and Extraordinary Tradesmen -

Provisions -

Contingencies and Extraordinaries -

Deduct, out of Poundage on Out-Pensions, for the year 1805

Total for Chelsea Hospital -

t-

ROYAL HOSPITAL, near KILMAINHAM.

Providore for Diet of Officers and Soldiers Washing -

Full Clothing for Officers and Soldiers -Salaries -

Coals -

Candles and Lamps -

Tradesmen’s Bills -

Ditto, for Repairs of Buildings, &c.

Medicaments -

Contingencies -

Irish.

£■ 7.25°-----

- 400 — —

- 1,516 4

- 4,200-----

" Q50-----

- 270-----

- 1,500-----

- 6,500-----

100-----

- 500-----

Pells and Poundage on the above Sum -

For making a New Approach to the Royal Hospital

£• 23,186 16 4

- 722 13 2

£ 23,009 9 6

- 733 -

* £. 24,642 9 6

• Which Sum of £.24,642. 9 s. 6d. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to -

Total -

for 365 days.-

£■ *. d.

1,271 6 4

1,324 14 4

3,896 9 —

669-----

2,019 11 9

1,900-----

3,300-----

14,500-----

4,400-----

33-28i 1 5

2,800-----

30,481

22,746 18 —

53,227 19 5

War-Office, 1 28th January 1805. 3

IV. Dundas.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Royal Hospital near Kilmainuam; from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1S05, both inclusive; being 365 days.

Charge for 365 days.

CHELSEA HOSPITAL.

20,741 Out-Pensioners, at 5 d. per diem each, deducting for Pensions unclaimed £.6,692. 5 s. 10 d. 400 Letter Men, at 1 s. per diefn each -

31 Serjeants - - 9 d. per diem each ——

43 Serjeants, Blind, or nearly lo, at 1 s. 6 d. per diem each -

39 Corporals, Ditto - - - - h. 2d.

672 Privates, Ditto - - - - 1 s.

206 Serjeants discharged from Garrisons, 1 s.

32 Serjeants and Privates discharged from the Royal Veteran Battalions, at 1 s. -

126 Men discharged from Ditto - at 9^. -

22,290

Additional Pensions for disabled Men

To the Collectors of Excise for paying the Out-Pensions

To the Agents Clerks ......

To the Agent of Out-Pensioners -

From which deduct out of Poundage on Out-Pensions Deduct,

1,605 2 —

454 8 —

1,000-----

£• 3,059 10 —

1,200 — —

Already provided on the F.ftimates of Guards and Garrisons, and of the Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces, for the year 1804 -

Remains to be provided £.

ROYAL HOSPITAL, near KILMAINHAM.

Irish: £•23,361 1 o

■ 800 — —

- 5,000-----

450-----

Officers and Soldiers on the Out-Pension - -

Chelsea Pensioners in the Militia in Ireland, about Admissions and Re-admissions -

Agent in Great Britain paying the Pensioners there, about

Pells and Poundage on the above Sum

29,611 1 1

922 17 7A

*£• 30.533 18 9’ Which Sum of £.30,533. 18 f. 9 yd. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to

War-Office,

28th January 1805. j

Total

W. Dundas.

£■ *■ d.

151,025 14 7

7.300-----

424 6 3 1,177 2 6 830 7 6

12,264-----

3,750 10 —

584-----

1,724 12 6

179.089 13 4

1,500 — — 180,589 13 4

1,859 10 —

182,449 3 4~

M.464 15 —

107,984 8 4

28,185 3 7

iy6,l69 11 11

45 Geo. IIL

Appendix*

609

ESTl MATE of the Chargu of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces; for the year 1805.

Ju GREAT BRITAIN.

Numbers.

frank of their late Ilufbands.

Annual Rates of Pensions.

51 Widows of Colonels

40 -26 -aao -269 -214 -9 -39 -3 -2 -

873

Lieutenant Colonels ......

- Majors ......

• Captains and Paymasters -

- Lieutenants and Surgeons -

- 2d Lieutenants, Cornets, Ensigns, Adjutants, and Q

- Physicians and Purveyors -

- Chaplains, Deputy Purveyors, and Hospital Mates

• Afliltant CominifTaries of Stores ----- Ditto -

C 80. - - 4,080

5°* - - 2,000

40. - - 1,040

30. . - - 6,600

26. - - 6*994

s 20. 4,280

30- - - 270

16. 624

26. - - 78

20. 40

£■ 26,006

The Amount of 12 d. in the Pound allowed to the Paymaster of the Pensions above Hated, /. 1,300 6 — Salary of Deputy Palhnafter, per annum -

100

A . Fron^ which dediuH the following Sums already provided; viz.

On the Estimates of Guards and Garrisons - - _ - - £.2,766-

On - Ditto ± for the Marine Corps ----- - 1,402 6 7

In IRELAND:

Remains to be provided - - - £.

Irish.

Allowances to the Widows of Commissioned and Warranted Officers, and Expences*)

attending the fame - - ...... . # 6*°°

• Which Sum of £. 6,500. Irish amounts, in British Money, to -

Total

c

Charge.

78 —

1,400 6

27,406 6 — 4,168 6 7

23^37 19 5

6,000

29>237 l9 5

War Office, "> 28th January 1805.3

W. Dundas.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Foreign Corps, in the Service of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive; being 365 days.

Numbers.

The King’s German Legion

- Queen’s German Regiment ——

- Regiment of Metiron ——

----- ltolle - - - - . ——

----- \\ atteville ——

----- Chatleurs Britanniques -

- Royal York \ olunteers ——

- - - Cor tic an Rangers ——

- Maltele Corps -

Foreign Depot, including Two Companies of Invalids, and Foreign General Hospital -Allowances to Foreign Officers in lieu of Halt Pay -

Allowances to Aged and Wounded Foreign Officers, Widows, &c. -

Recruiting ——

Contingencies ——

Deduct the difference between British and Irish Currency on the Charge of the Queen's German Regiment, which is stationed in Ireland -

Total

Of which the proportion of Charge for Great Britain is For Ireland (The Queen's German Regiment)

Total, as above -

Charge for 365 days.

7 •.

425,* 99 >3 26,278 *7 3 22,584 8 5|

21,633 12 Hi 26,808 10 8$

21,5*3 10 9i

30,533 14 15,614 7 5 3i,9°5 — 5l

15,000 -

56,000 -

5,3°°-----

100,000-----

55,000-----

853,37115 4

2,021 9 —

85i,350 6 4

827,092 l8 1*

24,257 8 3

1851,35° 6 4

War Office, 28th January 1805

W. Dundas.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General Hospital Expences of His Majesty’s Forces, in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; including the Provision of Medicaments for General and Regimental Hospitals, and the Charge of The Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin, for Sick and Wounded Soldiers, from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both inclusive; being 365 days.

For General Hospital Expences, including all Contingencies chargeable in the Account of the Director General of Ilolpitals

For Medicaments for General and Regimental Hospitals -

For the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin for Sick and Wounded Soldiers -

War Office* "I

*8th January 1805.]

Vql. Co.

Which Sum of £. *2,232. 16*. 1 d. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to

W. Dundas.

Charge for 365 days.

Irish.

/• d.

12,000 —

6,000 — —

4,232 16 1

* 22,232 16 1

20,522 11 10

7a

Appendix, (No. 11.) i8° Janua

continued.

t-----vn—

P

610

Appendix. A. 1805.

Appendix, (No. 11.) 28" Januarii,

continued.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of The Royal Military College; for the year 1^05.

Charge per Annum.

General Staff - - as per Particulars in the annexed Paper, (No. 1.) Senior Department, as per - ditto (No. 2.) * Junior Department, as per - ditto - - - - (No. 3.) - A -* — -* £■ >■ d. 3,992 10 — *.749 9 — 7,573 7 4

£■ taas *3,3»5 6 4

War Office, 7 24th January 1805. J Dundas.

(No. 1.)—P ARTICULARS of the Annual Expence of the General Stapp, Royal Military College;

for the year 1805.

Governor - -

Lieutenant Governor and Superiritendant General

Chaplain, Librarian, and Instru&or of Claftics -

Secretary to the Supreme Board -

Staff Adjutant, at 10s. per day -

Surgeon, at ditto -

Treasurer -

Paymaster, 151. per day Governor's Clerks - -

Lieutenant's Governor's D°

Secretary to the Supreme Board's D°J Payniafler s D°

Treasurer'8 D* - -

Contingencies ——

at 3$. per day each

Per Annum.

C d.

1,500-----

730-----

350-----

200-----

182 10 — 182 10 —

300-----

273 *5 —

«73 15 —

100-----

TOTAL.

£• d.

3,992 10 —

<No. 2.)—PARTICULARS of the Annual Expence of the Senior Department, Royal Military College;

for the year 1805.

Per Annum.

Commandant . - - - . -

Super in tendant ——

Profellor of Mathematics - -

Ditto - of Fortification -

Senior Draftsman - -

A Aidant ditto ——

A Second ditto -

Senior Instru&or of French -

Ditto - - - of German -

Clerk to the Superintendant, at 31. per day ——

Two Servants, at is. per day each, for Board Wages during the

Vacation ——

Undress Cloathing for ditto, at £3. each -Contingencies -

Deduct the Subscriptions for 30 Officers, at 30 Guineas each -

£. $. d.

790 9 7

257 — 5

300-----

200 -

200-----

200 -

150-----

l8o-----

150-----

54 15 —

6 4 — 6-----

200-----

Remains to be provided for

TOTAL.

z- m~

2,694 9 945 -

L749 9 —

(No. 3.)—PARTICULARS of the Annual Expence of the Junior Department, Royal Military College;

for the year 1805.

CJ

b

5

e

c8

cS

u

1 Commandant, at 1. 5#. per day -1 Superintendant, at 145. id. per day -3 Captains of Companies, at to*. per day each 1 Quarter Master, at 5#. 8d. per ditto -3 Serjeant Majors, at 3$. per day each -

1 Corporal and Clerk of the Kitchen, at 1 i. 6d. per day

2 Clerks to the Departments, at 3 s. per day each -. 3 Drummers, at 1 s. 2 d. per day each -

1 Serjeant Rough Rider, at 2 s. 3 d. per day -

1 Master of Fortification £.200. and, if Instru&or in the Theory of Gun-nery, £. 50. more ——

1 Dg - - of Mathematics ——

1 D° - - of German ......

1 D° - - of Military Drawing -

1 A Hill ant of d° -

Carried forward

No. of days,

365

Per Annum.

£. d.

456 5 —

257 5 — 547 *° ~ 103 8 4

164 5 —

27 7 6 109 10 — 65 — 3i 4« 1 . 3

250 -

200 -

150-----

150-----

70-----

820 -

total

£■ '•

1,77 > 7 9I

1,771

7 9l

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix.

611

(No. 3 ) —Particulars of the Annual Expence of the Junior Department of The Royal Military College-

i<

S

-.0

-3

cS

V

5

o

P2

w>

'H

co

5

Brought forward - -

i Profeifor of Oriental Languages -

l D9 - - of Natural Philosopfly, Geography, and Ililtory -3 staffers of Geography, History, and Chillies, at £. 150. per annum each -1 Mrli"r of Lmidicape Drawing -

1 Mailer of !)• - . ——

5 Masters of French, at £. 150. each -

5 Mailers of Arithmetic, at 101. each per day -1 M after of Writing - - - - - -

1 Mailer of D° - - - - .- -

1 Fencing Mafier, at 10s. per day -

2 Fencing D*, at £. 150* per annum each - -

1 Riding Mafier, At lof. per day -

- - Board for 300 Cadets, at 2s. per day each . -

- - D° - - - 1 Housekeeper, 1 Aftiliant Housekeeper, 1 Nuri’e of the Infir- 7

mary, 17 Men Servants, and 14 Women Servants, at 9d. per day each J

- - Board Wages for lloufckeeper and Purveyor, in the Vacation, at 2s. 6tl.")

each per day ----- 3

- - D° - for Afifllant Housekeeper, and Nurse of the Infirmary, at 1#. 9^. 7

each per day -----j

- - Board Wages for 17 Men Servants and 14 Women Servants, at if. each

per day - - - - j

1 Housekeeper’s Salary -

1 A (Til (ant to D° -

1 Nurse to the Infirmary _ - - - _ -

14 Women Servants, Salary at £. 10. 10s. each per annum - i

300 Cadets, at £.14. each, for Clothing, Shoes, and Repairs. - ,j

3 Serjeant Majors, and 1 Serjeant Rough Rider, at) £.7. 9s. eacji -

I Corporal and Clerk of the Kitchen - . - p - -

3 Drummers, at £.5 each - -

1 Corporal, 1 Rough Rider, and 15 Men Servants, Working Dresses and*) Hats, at £.3. each j

>300 Cadets, (42 weeks), at 1*. 2\d. each per week

- - D° - their Sheets, 21 pair each, at 4 d. per pair

- - D# - their Table Cloths (N# 8,820.) 3d. each -.264 Pair Servants Sheets, at 4 d. per pair

Books and f Books, Stationary, and Mathematical Instruments, Equipment, 7 Equipments:^ he. for 300 Cadets, at£.6. each per annum - - - j

Cgent: } Contingervcie* ...... -

f Deduct the Subscriptions of 60 Cadets on the 2d Establishment, 7 Subscriptions< at the average of £. 10. each ----- j

t D* - - of 165 Cadets, at ^94. ioj. eac;h -

Remains to be provided for

62

62

62

of Days. Per Annum.

£ s. d.

~ 820

- 200

- 370

- 450

- •200

• 190

- 750

912 10 —

130

* 120 *4

365 182 IO — 1 t

- 300 — w j

365 182 10 —

303 9>°9°

3 86 6 6

15 10 — 10 17 —

96 2 —

30-----

15 15 — *5 15 — 147-----

4,200 — 29 1G 3 — 15 —

5i —

701 5

105 — no 5 4 8

TOTA L.

£ d. *»771 7 9i

4,807 IO

1,800 -

300 -

Coo —-----

i5>592 10 —

9,807 5 6

4,298 16 —

980 18 — 1,800 -----*

300-----i

*3.75 »7 4

16,192 i° —

7.573 7

Appendix, (No. 11.) 28° Januarii,

continued.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of The ROYAL MILITARY ASYLUM, at Chelsea; for the year 1805.

For Workshops, additional Accommodations for the Sick, and other Works, at the Royal Military

Asylum, in the year 1805 - -- -- £, 4,946-----

Deduct,

In hand, from the Grant of 1804 - - - - ,3,491 14 5

For Pay of Officers, Wages of Attendants, and Clothing and Maintenance of i,opo Children, (being the full Establish incut of the said Asylum) for 365 days, from the 25th December 1804, to the 24th December 1805; both days inclusive - - % -

For Exchequer Fees on £. 23,458. 6. 1. the Amount of this Estimate, about - -

War-Office, 7

2$th January 1805. )

Total

W. Dundas.

£ '• * *,454 5 7

21,379 — 6

625-----

23,458 6

012

Appendix

A. 1805

Appendix, (No. ii.) 28° Januarii,

continued.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the BARRACK DEPARTMENT, in that part of the United Kingdom called Ireland from 25th December 1804 to 24th December 1805, both indufive; being 365 days.

Firing and Candles for the Troops ——

Officers Lodging Money, including Medical and Recruiting Staff Privates Lodging Money, and Stabling for Cavalry -

Small Utensils for the Troops -

Straw for the Soldiers Beds -

Regimental Hospital Expences -

For Building New Barracks -

P ire J °* Permanent Barracks -

P ' of Temporary Barracks - - * - - . -

of Permanent D°-----

of Temporary D*-----

Bedding and Furniture for D® - -

Barrack Officers Salaries -

Superannuated and Retired Officers Salaries -Barrack Mailers Salaries and Allowances -Contingencies, including Taxes on Temporary Barracks

Rents

Which Sum of £.5^4,006 155. 11 d. Irish, amounts, in British Money, to

Charge for 365 days.

Irish.

£ *. d.

*35/>i8 12 —

25,000-----

7,944 9,345

13.500

24.500 133,708

4

11

6 8

,000-----

25.000 — —

3,800-----

40.000 -

52.500 -

7,000 -

4,150 — —

22,040-----

15.500 —- A-

524,006 15 11 483,698 11 8

War Office, 28th January 1805

V I

.805.

W. Dundas.

ABSTRACT.

umhers. CHARGE:

t; —

For Great Britain. For Ireland. T 0 T A L.

Guards, Garrisons, &c. - - * m 143,920 £■ - *• d. 3.7*7.528 1 8 £■ *• d. 1,228,392 11 — £• t. d. 4,945,920 12 8

Forces in the Plantations, &c. - - 46,95a 1,424,920 11 7 - 1,424,929 H 7

General and Staff Officers, with a State of the 7 Particulars of the Charge j - 212,166 18 6 76,691 4 8 288,858 3 2

India Forces ----- 20,145 471,461 — 11 - 471,461 — 11

Troops and Companies for Recruiting D* - 460 25,410 18 4 - 25,4*0 *8 4

Recruiting and Contingencies - - -• 50,000 — •— 125,866 7 8 175,866 7 8

Embodied Militia and Fencible Infantry | 103,328 2,049,712 — 1 614,039 18 1 2,663,751 18

Contingencies for ditto - _ - - I 1 " 50,000 15,692 6 4 65,692 6 2

Clothing for ditto 19*.793 - 198,793 — —

Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers - - I - - 33.334 4 J* . *,»35 * 9 34,469 6 t

Offices - 1 - 182,867 7 8 8,971 i 3 191,838 8 10

Allowance to Innkeepers, &c. - - - 357.oooo 119,699 5 — 476,609 5 —

Half Pay and Military Allowances - - 150,000 31,288 16 5 181,288 16 5

- - - D° — American Forces - - - - * 50,000 - 50,000

— - D® - - Scotch Brigade - - - 1,000 - 1,000

In-Pensioners of Chelsea and Kilmainbam Hospitals - 30,481 1 5 22,746 18 — 53,227 *9 5

Out-Pensioners of ditto - - - 167,984 8 4 28,185 3 7 196,169 11 1*

Widows Pensions - 23.237 *9 5 6,opo — — 29,237 19 5

Foreign Corps ----- - 17>38<5 827,092 18 1 24,257 8 3 85i,350 8 4

Hospital Expences (Ireland) - - - - 20,52* 11 10 20,522 11 »o

Royal Military College - - - - *3,315 6 4 - *3,3*5 6 4

Royal Military Asylum - 23,458 6 i ~ m ~ 23,458 6

Barrack Department (Ireland) - 483,698 11 8 483,698 11 8

332.19, 1 10,059,764 3 4 2,807,187 5 3 1 2,866,95* 8 7

Deduct the India Forces - 20,145 471,461 — 11 - 471,461 — 1*

Total - * ' - - 312,046 9,588,303 1 5 2,807,187 5 3 1 2,395,49° 7 8

War Office, 28th January

e> \

1805.1

W. Dutidas.

Appendix*

613

H5 Geo. III.

Ax ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of the PERMANENT TAXES, and the WAR TAXES, for the year ending 5th January 1805; Dillingnishing each Quarter, and distinguishing the Produce of the Permanent Taxes, and the War Taxes.

C U STOMS:

>nfolidated, after deduding £. 250,000 per Annum, by Ad 43 Geo. III. cap. 68, from July 1803 Juarantme Duty ——

C*4-‘Si,er Cent ......

Janal and Dock Duty -

EXCISE:

Jonfolidated

STAMPS:

Honfolidated, after deduding the Surplus of the Duty on Receipts 1803, by Ad 43 Geo. III. cap. 126 Compositions for Stamps, per Rank of England -Licences for felling Lottery Tickets -

INCIDENTS:

Letter Money

Arrears of Duties repealed by A&43 Geo. III. cap. 161.

Houses and Windows Inhabited Houses 1 lories for Riding, &c. D° - - Ilulbandry Male Servants Carriages Doks -

C £. lo-per-Cimt.

Arrears^ £. 2o-per-Cent.

( Clocks and W atches Hawkers and Pedlars Hackney Coaches and Chairs 6(1. per Lib. on Pensions 1#. Ditto - - Salaries

Seizures -•Prefers -Compositions -Rent of Alum Mines D° - a Lighthouse Alienation Duty First Fruits of the Clergy Tenths of !)•

Fines and Forfeitures

Anno 1705 - - 1796

( Armoiial hearings - - - •> 1798

Hair Powder Certificates, per A cl 41 Geo. HI. cap. 69.

f llair Powder Certificates, Arrears < llorle Dealers Licences

liorl’e Dealers Licences Armorial hearings

Duties granted by A(51

43 Geo. III. cap. 161. on

L

D* -:

Houses and Windows Inhabited Houus Iloilcs lor Riding, &c. ])° - and Mules -Male Servants Carriages I)u_s -

DUTIES, pro Anno 1803:

Brought from Consolid ited Customs, C. 250,000. per Annum, by Ad 43 Ge \ HI. cap. 68 -Surplus of Duty on Receipts, Anno 1803, per Ad 43 Geo. III. cap. 126 -

surplus of Duties Annually granted, C Sugar, &c. alter discharging Exchequer Rills Malt charged thereon ----- £ Tobacco -

£. 2,000,000. < Malt

Exchequer Bills, pro Anno 1804. L Tobacco -

WAR TAXES:

ritifli Spirits, Anno 1803

>reign D°

ines -

oods and Shipping -

alt ——

- - - . 1

’■‘rets - -

°perty Duty

| - - - Anno 1804

ines -

>ods and Shipping - -

Exchequer, - 1

the 29th day of January 1805. 3

VOL. .60.

In the QUARTERS ended

r

5th April 1804. 5th July 1804. 10th October 1804. 5

£■ d. £. s. d. £■ s- d.

690,983 1 6 \ 544,318 6 6 J 1,465,708 10 541

2,955 — 0 A 3,255 8 6 2,377 18 3

10,456 13 6 18,885 1 6A 109 11 1 1

7,724 1 6 7,799 5 6 ] 7,447 12 6

2,884,363 3,307,925 16 8 3,360,528 a

589,670 707,647 773,344 1

6,000 6,000 6,000

225,000 232,006 — 250,000

325,31318 3$ 700,418 8 6 I 227,146 4 51

97,88115 5 4 203,173 3101 89,150 5—1

62,925 5 21 230,055 10 6| 53,104 18 5A

52,697 5 14 211,294 11 3] 59,426 3 9

39,109 1 7 4 95,652 — 2 <34,838 6 3 4

42,441 16 2 I 115,153 19 10 T 48,739 2 9

14,695 12 IO j 45,584 14 8 16,271 3 4

— H — 2 12 11 -

823 2 1 2 l6 10 I 2 6 8 4 9

1,980 — — 2,095 i,950

4,380 — 8,086 7,660

10,000 12,000 14,000

0,440 12 4 12,000 10,000

•8,181 3 9 15)152 9 8 23,732 17,74

16 14 — 57*> *3 4 11 15 10

480 3 * - - 480

6 13 4 - -

2,934 9 10 - -

- 3,205 13 4 J -

9,890 12 10 -

- 100 400

8,025 3 6 18,836 9 10 J 14,595 15 8

624 9 91 889 10 7 1,060 3 7 J

6,032 — 8 8,102 5 85 7,223 14 3

- - 28,500

- - - - 2.900

- - 8,300

- - 8,500

- - 2,200

- - - - 2,300

- - - - 1,400

5,105,141 15 6 6,520,106 15 6 6,529,414 8 2 I

62,500 62,500 62,500

10,133 11/729 12,750

55177,774 15 6 6,594,335 15 6 6,604,664 8 2 J

522,312 7 6 " -

6,227 253,228 422,308

114,319 34,426 , 15)625

5,880,633 3 — 6,881,989 15 6 7,042,597 8 2 ’

4 30,908 11 1 231,511 12 84 532,828 10 10 I

- - 18,926

5,l6l 105,827 73,013

5,916,792 14 1 7,219,328 824 7,667,364 19 1

207,135 230,854 147)993

171,730 193,379 211,675

115,625 72,389 101,269

258,976 2114 343,447 5 7 437,573 15 8

499,051 835,229 1,048,394

266,161 31,383 6 6 1 337>589

1,009 1,372 1,247

346,960 632,193 16 1 1 1,393,071 1* 5

- - - - 55,000

16,527 — — 34,799

- 41,053 12 94 269,294 14 114

1,866,647 2 11 | 2,397,828 1 —4 4,037,906 2 —j

5th January i8o?

8,77° 3

5,684 8

8,588 19

S. (L

17 1 ]

1

2

8 V

3)245)724 —

6,000-----

2,8*5 18 8

207,000-----

171.495 9 i°i

61,829 2 1 i

72,506 6 10

64,346 2 1

38,73 15 3

54.254 14 11 i

20,161 18 6 A

1,810-----

6,160-----

25,278-----

19,576-----

16,582 1 4

10 — —

In the YEAR Ended 5th January 1805.

4,050,036 15 71

17,358 10 7i 35,i35 H 4 28,559 19 3

12,798,540 16 8

Appendix;

(No. 12.)

anuarih

282,291 24,000 — 2,823 18

14 9

8

56 — 17,811 10 7

1,515 8 7 10,114 17 2 3,320 — —

160-----

1,620-----

460,087 3 6

29,400-----

97,082-----

118,600 — —

35,270-----

38,990 ’-----

17,250-----

7,435,266 12 5

62,500-----

io,395 4 7

7,508,361 17 —

13,348 -

4,127-----

914,000

1,424,374

452,034

418,592

387,764

208,330

260,589

96,713

3

834

7,8.85 26,286 61,278 5 ho 16 63,648

615

3

960

6

2,934

3,205

9,89°

556

59,268

4,089

3L472

3)32o

160

1,620

488,587

32,300

105,382

127,100

37,470

41,290

18,650

1 2

64 6

1 —§

2 2

3 4

13 9

9 64 6 11

3

2 6

12 4 a 12 4I

3 2

*3 4 9 10 13 4i

1210 19 8

12 7 17 10

7,525,836 17 — 696,031 12 1 j

190,691-----

95,628-----

25,589,929 11 7i

250,000-----

45,207 4' 7

25,885,136 16 2

522,312 7 6

755,111 — —

168,497-----

27,331,057 3 81 1,492,180 6 94

200,617 -

270,629-----

8,500,087 9 1 a ji-o,312,483

10

l66, T 11 —

197,667-----

51,009-----

4^5.069 7 11

583,041-----

335,250-----

33°-----

986,426 2 101

9.W700 -

34,321-----

*201,50S 5 3 A

1,116,492 16 1 -v

75-,00^-----

774,451-----

340,292-----

1,505,066 12 ‘2

2,9^5>7i5 "

97°)3S3 6 6>:

3,058 — —

: 3*353,651 10

150,700 —

511,910 15

ji 1,41s,?74 2 12

James Fjher,

7 R

614

Appendix

A. 1805

Appendix, (Vo. 13.)

j *9" Januarii.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of the OFFICE of ORDNANCE for that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain, for the Year 1805; also, of the said Charge in Irelan d, for the said Year—Land Service.

EXPENCE of SERVICES performed by the Office of ORDNANCE, pursuant to His Majesty's Orders,

and not provided for by Parliament; viz.

ON ACCOUNT OF 1803.

Newfoundland - - - - Paid for Repairs, Current Service and Contingencies -

Nova Scotia - - -----Paid for erecting Buildings, Current Service and Contingencies

Quebec - -- - Paid for Current Service and Contingencies -

Bahama Islands- --- Paid for Current Service and Contingencies -

Trinidad ----- — Paid for Current Sendee and Contingencies -

Wf.st Indies ----- Paid for Contingencies of the Trains of Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces in the several

Islands, and in Demerara

Cape of Goon Hope - - Paid for Contingencies ——

Island of Ceylon - - - Paid for Contingencies -

Gibraltar ----- - Paid for Works, Current Service and Contingencies -

Cinque Ports ----- Paid for Works, Repairs and Current Service -

Chatham — ----- Paid for repairing and improving the Lines -

Sheerness — Paid for Repairs of the Works and Breakwaters, and for improving the Defences of the Garrison

Gravesend & Tilbury, Paid for Repaiis of Works and Buildings ----- -£.2,073 6

Paid for Repairs of the Vessels and Wages of Bargemen, and others, employed 7 in maintaining the communication between Gravesend and Tilbury - - j

1,044 4 10

Woolwich - -----Paid towards building Field Officers Quarters, anew Academy, and Barracks^r Cadets, Store-

houses and Workshops - -- -- -£.42,008 18 8

Paid for Repairs of Barracks and Officers Quarters, and for Contingencies - 7,224 4

Paid towards making a new Wharf for the more convenient Landing and

Shipping of Stores

10,752 9 10

Defence of the Coasts - Paid for repairing and re-effablishing the Batteries on the Coaffs, and putting them in an improved State of Defence ——

Regiment of Artillery, &c.—Paid lor the Forage, Hire,'and Supply of Draught Horses attached to the Artillery, and employed in the Service of the Ordnance at the several Stations in Great Britain; also for Contingencies - - . - - - . -

Nova Scotia -

Bahama Islands-----

Island of St. Martin -

Gibraltar

Malta-----

Guernsey -Scotland -

Chatham -

SlIEERNESS\ ——

G RAVES END & TlLBURY,

Portsmouth -

Total - -

\ ON ACCOUNT OF 1 804.

Paid for Works, Current Service and Contingencies -

Paid for Current Service and Contingencies -

For Ordnance and Stores captured there by the joint operations of His Majesty's Forces by Land and Sea ——

For additional Stores, Bu lding Materials, and finall Arms sent - For Brais and Iron Ordnance, Powder, Shot, Shells, and other Stores sent -Paid for Repairs of the Fortifications at Fort George and other places in the Island -Paid for Repairs of the several Forts, Castles, and Artillery Barracks in Scotland, Current Service and Contingencies ——

Paid for repairing and improving the Lines, and forming a communication with the opposite fide of the Medway ——

Paid for Repairs of Works and Bieakwaters, also for improving the Defences of the Garrison Paid for maintaining the communication between Gravesend and Tilbury -

Paid on account for erecting Buildings for a Laboratory - - - - £. 1,700-----

Paid on account for erecting Buildings for rettoving Gunpowder - 2,400-----

Plymouth - ----- - Paid on account for erecting Buildings for removing Gunpowder

Depots of Artillery and Powder Magazines—Paid for erecting Buildings for the Depot at Warley Paid for erecting a Powder Magazine and other Buildings near Hungerford, 7 and for Contingencies - j

Paid on account for erecting a Powder Magazine in Hyde Park

DrrENCE of the Country, Paid on account for building sundry Armouries, and for the purchase of Lands

on which the same are erecting Paid on account of Batteries on the Coaffs, for Works on the Weffem Heights 7

of Lands and Buildings

,£• 6,105 10 1

7,650 1 3

4,500 — —

£5,153 14 —

■ 25.352 9 9

Civil Department - - said additional Clerks and others in the several Departments in the Tower, at Westminster, and

in the Royal Carriage Department at Woolwich Royal Regiment of Artillery—Coups of Royal Engineers, and Royal Military Artificers—"

Charge of an Augmentation of 8 Colonels, 100 pentlemen Cadets, and 1,600

Men to the Marching Battalions of the Royal Regiment erf Artillery, and the -‘: Rank of Captain Lieutenant and 2d Captain in *•'

57,249 2 —

difference of Pay between the

the said Corps, from 19th July to 31ft December 1804, inclusive; with Levy Money for tha fame

Charge of an Augmentation of one Colonel to the Brigade of Royal Horse Ar- 7 tillery; also the difference of Pay between the Rank of Captain Lieutenant > and 2d Captain in the said Corps, from 19th July to 31ft Deer 1804, inclusive )

Charge of an Augmentation of two Lieutenant Colonels to the Corps of Royal

Engineers; of an Addition of 4s. per diem each to the Pay of two Colonels, and° the difference of Pay between the Rank of Captain Lieutenant and 2d Captnin in the said Corps, from 19th July to 31ft Deer 1804, inclusive Charge of an Augmentation of two Surgeons to the Medical Establishment for 7 the Military Department of the Ordnance, and of an Increase of Pay to fundiy > persons on the said Establishment, from ill Jan? to 31H Deer 1804 - -)

« Paid Allowances to Civil and Military Officers retired from Service since iff 7

January 1804 -

Paid for the Purchase, Hire and Forage Draught Horses attached to the Artil-7

Dry, and employed in the Ordnance Service at the several Stations in Great > 128,615

Britain; also for Contingencies ----- -J®-----

Ammunition for sundry Regiments, and for Militia.—Ammunition for sundry Regiments of Cavalry, Y

the Regiments of Font Guards, and to sundry Regiments of Foot.; to sundry f ~

Troops and Corps of Volunteer Cavalry and Infantry, and to sundry Corps *4

576 17 —

871 10 —

1,685 1 8

1,804 9 10

3 5

iour.KiN' Service - -

of Volunteer Artillery Ammunition to sundry Regiments of Militia

For Biafs Ordnance and Stores /hipped for Service

11,887 6 11

On Account of 1803, as above -

Total Unprovided

i- ». d.

2,697 — n

693 14 6

455 19 5 2g4 7 5 9,3^4 2 —

27.256 3 6 442 19 6

1,677 1 3

1.933 10 8 6,055 >5 7 16,163 3 6

2,240 6 6

3,117 H —

50,985 12 7 9397 2 IF

48>759 11 1

190,344 2 4

2,975 8 6

1,699 17 9

2,183 19 11 1,460 12 9 99,102 14 2 2,078 12

3,652 8 3

82,860 14 8 14,320 14 8 2,391 8 10

4,100-----

500-----■

18,255 11 4

30,506 3 9 2,033 5

190,802 31*

42,369 8 6

i,94i 4 —_ 503,234 8 10

u,

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

615

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance—continued.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of O R D N A N C E; for the year 1805.

LAND SERVICE.

ORDINARY.

Salaries and Rents to the Matter General, principal Officers, Clerks an*d Attendants, employed at the Tower - 24^92 15 6 n . T . And at the following Places; viz.

Royal Laboratory at Woolwich ...... n noo,

Inspeaoi of Artillery at ditto ...... I I I I J’g! 1

Royal Carriage Department at ditto q’o28 c

Royal Military Repository at ditto - 10 __

Greenwich, Windsor, Hampton Court, and St. James’s ......

Woolwich ...... t

Purfleet ...... Z I Z Z " ' ~ 7

Gravesend and Tilbury

Chatham - - ...... * " TT

Upuor Caftte ...... . * 1 *2® 5 "

Sheerness ...... "

Dove, ....... 610-----

Feveriham -Waltham Abbey Portsmouth Priddy Hard Tipner Point Plymouth Key ham Point Hungerford

Storekeepers at

C Pendenms Cattle, Scilly Island, Chester and Liverpool, Isle of Man, Carlisle, Berwick,! < Tinmouth Castle and Clifford's Fort, Hull, Yarmouth, Landguard Fort and Harwich, > ( and Scarborough Castle ...... I

200 —

903 17 813 17 1>303 17 k 503 *7

220 -

1,183 17 6

320-----

350-----

1,040 7 6

Guernsey ...... 615 10 —

Jersey - 10 __

Gratuities for length of Service, tqfundry Officers on the above Establishment; estimated, per annum, at - 8,103 5 o

Rent for use of Land and houses - . - . .. _ 744 19 3

,£.56,149 10 6 One Half of which is charged to the Sea Service -

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers, at -

North Britain Gibraltar

Jamaica ----- - a- -.-.

Antigua -

St. Christopher - - - , - ...

Dominica -

St. Vincent

Barbadoes ——

Grenada - -- -- - ...

Tobago ——

St. Lucia -

Demerara -

Surinam ——

Trinidad ——

Bahama I Hands ——

Bermuda -

Quebec -

Halifax ——

New Brunswick -

St Johns, Newfoundland ——

Placentia - - ditto -

Island of Ceylon ——

Pay of Matter Gunners at the several Garrisons and Batteries in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at St. James’s park and the Tower of London, with their Allowance for Coals and Candles ——

Charges incident to the Tower, and the several other Forts, Garrisons, and Places under the Ordnance, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, in taking Remains of Stores, Pay of Labourers, Books, Paper, Coals, Candles, Cartage, Messages, Pottage of Letters, and other Contingencies -

Ordinary Repairs of Buildings, Bridges, Gates, Platforms, Barracks, Storehouses, making new and repairing old Carriages in the several small Forts, Cattles, Garrisons, and other Places under the Ordnance in Great Britain, Guernsey and Jersey -Furnishing Beds, Bedlleads, Sheets, &c. and repairing the fame at the several Barracks, retained by the Ordnance for the Royal Regiment of Artillery and Royal Military Artificers in Great Britain, Guernsey and Jersey -Expence of Stores and Ammunition for Garrisons, and small Stores for the common duty of Regiments in Great Britain, Guernsey and Jersey ——

Cleaning and repairing small Arms in the Tower - -

Pay of the Corps ef Royal Engineers for the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland

Dedud - - for Officers serving in Ireland and paid there -

Ireland, confiding of 12,804 Men, Officers included -

Deduct - - the Pay of iix Field Officers, one Quarter Matter, ten Marching Companies, and one Company of Invalids serving in Ireland, and paid there -

Pay of a Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery for the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, confiding of i,8$4 Men, Officers included, and 927 Riding Horses -

Deduct - - the Pay of a Field Officer, and one Troop serving in Ireland, and paid there

Pay of Surgeons on the Medical Establishment for the Military Department of the Ordnance Deduct - - the Pay of Surgeons serving in Ireland, and paid there

Establishment of the Civil Officers, Professors and Matters of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich -Establishment of a Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftsmen - -

Dedud - - the Pay of a Draftsman serving in Ireland, and paid there -

Pay of superannuated and disabled Men, Half Pay of Reduced Officers, Widows Pensions, and Allowances to Officers for good Services, pursuant to His Majesty’s Warrants - - - " * * . 7 . ", "

•Sums to be paid at thd Treasury and at the Exchequer, for Fees on the Sum of X*3 kein5 th* Amount of this Estimate ' '

Ordinary - £-

£•21,734 7 7

1,925 9 8

420,814 17 1

51,754 7 3

110,119 16 8

11,020 11 10

6,510 19 10

634 5 7

5

9t 5

jC*

*8>°74 15 3

643 15 —

2*172 17 o

690 — —.

963 *5 —

963 15 — 963 15

963 15 —

963 15 _ 963 15 — 963 15 —

963 15 —

963 *5 — 963 »5 —

963 15 — 290 — — 200 — —-985 — — 845 16 — 701 2 6

822 15 I46 — —-1,387 — —

4)994 7 e

18.000 -

15.000 -

3.000 -----*

6.000 — —

2.000 -----■

19,808 17 11

369,060 9

99.099 4

5,876 14 3

4,133

3,94a-----

38,466 15 1 5,920 18 6

Appendix

(No. 13.)

29* Jttmarii,

continued.

it :! a 1 H,

642,857 6 3

11

.1 I)

616

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appeiidix,

(No. 13.)

29° Januar

continued.

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance—

EXTRAORDINARIES, 1805.

NEWFOUNDLAND:

' For Repairs of the Fortification?, Artillery Barracks, and Quarters for Officers, Current Service and

Contingencies - * " " " " " T

For.Iron Ordnance and Stores; Intrenching and other Tools, and for Small Arms -

£.6,000-----

6,836 10 5

NOVA SCOTIA:

For Current Sendee and Contingencies For sundry Small Stores -

Pay of a Detachment of Royal Military Artificers

6,000-----

3°5 8 1

600 —■ —

For Current Service, and Contingencies

For Current Service, and Contingencies For Brass and Iron Ordnance and Stores

For Current Service, and Contingencies..

For Current Service, and Contingencies For Powder and Stores -

NEW BRUNSWICK:

QUEBEC;

3,000-----

5,534 10 7

BERMUDA: BAHAMA ISLANDS;

3,000-----

4>5°2 3 2

For Current Service, and Contingencies For Gun Carriages and Small Arms -

For Current Sendee, and Contingencies For Small Arms -

JAMAICA*

TRINIDAD:

2,000-----

2,940 5 7

5,000-----

383-----

ANTIGUA:

for Works and Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies

For Current Sendee, and Contingencies For Current Sendee, and Contingencies For Current Service, and Contingencies

For Current Service, and Contingencies

GRENADA: For Works, Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies

ST. CHRISTOPHER: DOMINICA: BARBADOES:

ST. VINCENT:

ST. LUCIA: TOBAGO: DEMERARA:

For Current Service, and Contingencies

For Current Service, and Contingencies -

For Current Service, and Contingencies SURINAM:

For Current Service, and Contingencies - »

lor Iron Ordnance, Powder, Small Arms, Tools, and other Stores for the West Indies

lor Ordnance* Ammunition, and Stores captured in the West Indies by the joint operations of His Majesty's Forces by Land and Sea -

On Account of Contingencies of the Trains of Artillery attending His Majesty's Forces in the several lllands and Settlements in the West Indies - ......

Pay oi a Company of Royal Military Artificers for Service of the Blands in general

GIBRALTAR:

Pay of a Corps of Royal Military Artificers -f orage for the Cattle employed on the Works -

Inwards the necthury Repairs and Improvements of the Works lor Repaus of Barracks, Olliceis Quarters, Sturehouses, and Magazines Comingrndcs in the Engineers Department -f ontin jenrits in the Artillery, end Storekeepers Department# rM.ng Materials ami Stoics -

- £.5,228 12 6

2,647 13 6

- 12,660 19 4

- 4,74-----

- 2,485 5 —

2,237 9 8

- 10,000-----

I' or a Supply cf Du

MALTA: ' "

For Repairs of the Fortifications ami Military Buildings, Current Service and Contingencies

EGYPT:

"ndTea"1 of_0rf1n;mfe’_Amnl_u,litlo_n il,gSt'-’rg> captured there, by the joint operations of His Majesty s Forces by Land

. . - COREE:

1 nr Lrafs and Irrri Ordnance, Ammunition and Stores -

... . ISLAND OF CEYLON:

ror current Service, and Contingencies - -

For Repairs and Contingencies -

1 nr Ammunition, SmaH Arms, and other Stores La) of Haifa Company of Royal Military Artificers

£- *■ d.

12,836 10 5

6,965 8 1

800-----

8,534 10 7

500-----

7,502 3 2

4>94o 5 7

5,383-----

6,861-----

3.000 -

3.000 -

5.000 -----*

3,752 -

6,478-----

1,000-----

1,000-----

3,000-----

3.000-----

17,118 — 2

20.000 -

10.000 -

1,876 18 9

JERSEY:

- . 3,648 lS —

7,°l7 19 3

1,404 t6 8

Carried forward

40,000 — — 20,000 -

150,000 -

2,211 4 a

4,000 -

12,071 13 11

>6o;Sgo 14 10

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

617

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance—continued.

Extraordin amk?, 1805«—continued. GUERNSEY:

For Repairs of the Fortifications at Fort George and other places in the Island For Iron Ordnance, Powder, Shot, Shells, Small Arms, and olhei Siores Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers - - -

Brought forward -

£• 4.225

- 14,023

- 1,404

7 9 16 8

For Repairs and Current Service

ISLE OF MAN:

IRELAND:

For Iron Ordnance, Shot, Shells, Saltpetre, Lead, Small Arms and Accoutrements, and other Stores

SCOTLAND:

lepairs of the several Forts, Castles, and Artillery Barracks in Scotland, Current Service, and Contingencies 7,000 arracks and other Buildings for Artillery at Leith Fort ...... i . 10 10i

For R For Barracks

12,101 ---

NORTH-EAST DISTRICT:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies - -

LANDGUARD FORT AND YARMOUTH:

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies ......

CINQUE PORTS:

For Works and Repairs in the Division, Current Service, and Contingencies ... For Works on the Welt era Heights of Dover, fur the better security of the Town and Port

* 20,107 - 16,000

CHATHAM:

For Repairs at Chatham, Gillingham, Upnor Castle, and Cockhamwood Fort, Current Service and

Contingencies - - ----- 2,677

For repairing and improving the Lines, and to maintain the communication with the opposite fide of the

Med way

135,253

For erecting new Artiller y Barracks and other Buildings, Stables, and Carriage Sheds for a Depot of Artillery 301,632 Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers - -- -- - 2,809

13 5

SHEERNESS:

lor Repairs of the Works and Breakwaters, Current Service, and Contingencies; also, for improving the 'Defences of the Garnton - -- -- -- -- - 9*305

For enlarging the Gun \\ harf ----- ----- - 2,812

GRAVESEND and TILBURY:

For Repairs of the Works and Buildings - - 3,973

For the Wages of Bargemen and others, employed in maintaining the-communication between Gravesend and

4 1

Tilbury

For Repairs of the Buildings

2,759 -

FEVERSHAM:

PORTSMOUTH:

For Repairs of the Old Works and other Buildings at Poi tfmouth, and various places in the Dfrvision Towards completing Cumberland Fort ——

Towards enlarging the Gun-wharf and ereftingan Armoury for use of the Navy For eretfing Buildings on Stamlhaw Common, for rettoving Gunpowder - For erecting Buildings lor a Laboratory - -v -

On Account, for the purchase of Lands, and making preparations for New Works -

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers -

9,018

10,156

12.000

8.000

8.000

20.000 2,809

13 5

For Contingencies and Repairs of Barracks Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers

GOSPORT:

2,000

2,809

13 5

PLYMOUTH:

Towards improving and adding to the Defences, and for Repairs of the Lines and Citadel; erecting a new '

; Laboratory, and for Repairs at. St. Nicholas Island, Dartmouth, Pendennis, and St. Mawes Castles, and at

Sciily Island; Current Service, and Contingencies - -- -- - 19,000-----

For erecting Barracks and Stabling for a Corps of Gunner Drivers, near Exeter ----- 20,000-----

l’ur erecting Buildings for reftoving Gunpowder ----- - 8,000-----

On Account, for the purchase of Lands, and making preparations for New Works ----- 20,000-----

Pay ot a Company ot Royal Military Artificers * * - - - - 2,809 13 5

WOOLWICH:

For Contingencies and Repairs of Barracks and Officers Quarters - ----- 9,800-----

Towards erecting Workshops, Storehouses, and Ofiices; Stables and Barracks for the Brigade of Gunners and Drivers; the new Academy and Barracks for Cadets, and other Military Buildings; also, on Account of Magazines on the Essex Shore, opposite the Warren - - - - * - . -

Towards completing the New Wharf -

lor maintaining a Military Ferry from the Warren to the opposite Shore -

P<iy of a Company ot Royal Military Artificers - . - - - - 2,809 13 5

127,100

18,000

800

2,809

ROYAL LABORATORY:

Towards the Extraordinary Charge of Labourers and Artificers ——

WALTHAM ABBEY:

For eretting Saltpetre and Brimstone Storehouses, Water-corning House and Mills, Refining and Melting-houses, and other Buildings fur extending the Manufacture of Gunpov'der; also for Repairs -

HUNGERFORD:

To complete the Powder Magazines, and for Contingencies - •

WARLEY:

Towards completing the Buildings eroding for the Drpfit of Artillery there -

sundry

& *• d.

360,830 14 10

19.653 4 5 200-----

45.038 12 8

19,101-----

2,255-----

1,200-----

36.107 -

242,371 13 5

12,117-----

6,732 4 1

4.635 -

Carried forward -

69.983 13 5 4.809 13 5

69.809 13 5

158,509 13 5

12.000 —

25,064 — 8,000-----

14.000 -

1,112,418 3

1

Vol. Go,

?s

Appendix, (No. 13.) 19° Januarii,

continued.

Appeftdix,'

(No. 13-)

29* Janua,

continued.

618

Appendix.* A. 1805

Eiiimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance—

Extraordinaries, j8«5—

Brought forward -

> WEEDON BECK:

Towards erecting Storelioufes and other Buildings there -

DEFENCE of the COUNTRY:

For Repairs of Batteries on the Coasts, and keeping them in an improved state of Defence - - £. 7,740-

lor erecting Towers and Batteries on the Coasts - - " * * " " " 250,000

7'owards completing fnndry new Armouries, and for the Purchase of Lands on which the same are erecting 55,°°°-

Tor various Depots of Ammunition for Small Arms " " ~ * * " " " " * 61,582 1 2

Tor lion Ordnance, Powder, Shot, Shells, and other Stores; also, for sundry Depots of Intrenching Tools

for interior Defence - - ~ 25,692 11 5

Tor Iron Ordnance, Ammunition and Stores, for Batteries on the Coasts ----- 9,236 13 4

lor Iron Ordnance, Powder, Round and Grape Shot, Small Arms, and other Stores, for arming Veil els for the additional protection of the Coasts; also, Ammunition and Stores for Sea Tencibles - 88,793 *4 1

ROYAL REGIMENT of ARTILLERY, and CORPS of ROYAL MILITARY ARTlKcERS, &c.

For Contingencies of Artillery - -- - " - - £• 10,800-

For Contingencies of the Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery - - - - ~ - 3,000 —■ —

On Account of the Allowance in lieu of Small Beer for the Royal Regiment of Artillery and Corps of Royal

Military Artificers in Great Britain - -- -- -- - 12,900 — *—

On Account, for the Extra Price of Bread and Meat for the Non-commissioned Officers and Privates of the

Royal Regiment of Artillery in Great Britain - -- -- - 30,000-----

On Account of the additional Allowance to Innkeepers, for quartering Non-commissioned Officers and

Private* of the Royal Regiment of Artillery ----- - 2,500-

Pay of a.Corps of foreign Artillery in the Service of Great Britain, confiding of 357 Men, Officers included 6,389 9 —

Pay of the Brigade of Gunners and Drivers in the Royal Regiment of Artillery for the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, confiding of 4,324 Men, Officers included 158,339 9 8 Deduct - - The Pay of a Detachment serving in Ireland, and paid there - - 38,835 2 —

-----119,504 7 8

On Account, for the Forage and Supply of Draught Iloifes attached to the Artillery, and employed in the

Ordnance Service at the several Stations in Great Britain; also, for Contingencies - 315,921 3 1

Tor Gun Carrhtges, Waggons, Horse IJarness, Ammunition and Stores, for the Parks of Artillery, and for the Battalion Guns and Field Brigades of Artillery in Great Britain; also, for Brass Ordnance and Stores for the Artillery attached to His Majesty’s German Legion ----- -139,362 3 6

REGIMENTS of FOOT:

On Account of the Allowance for supplying Worms, Turnfcrews, Pickers, and sundry other Articles to the effective Soldiers of the Foot Guards, and other Regiments of Infantry in Great Britain

TENTS:

For a supply for Regiments ...... . , t

SMALL ARMS and ACCOUTREMENTS:

On. Account, for the Supply of Regiments, Volunteers, &c. &c.

Extraordinarily - - - . £,

Ordinary -

£ s. 0

1,112,418 3

10,000 -

498,045-----

Ordinary and Extraordinaries -Unprovided - -

Total - - for Great Britain

1803

804

190,344 2 4

503,234 8 IO

FOR SERVICE IN IRELAND:

To replace the Sum advanced by the Exchequer in Ireland, for Ordnance Services in that part of the United Kingdom, to 3id December 1804, beyond the Grants by Parliament for the said Service - - 140,000 —

Sterling, £.129,230. 15. 5.

On Account, for the Civil and Military Expences of the Ordnance in that part of the United Kingdom, for the year 1805 - -- -- -- - 510,000 —

Sterling, £.470,769. 4. 7.

Irish Money - £.650,000 —

being in Sterling -

Total

Office of Ordnance, 1 January 2561 1805. i

for the United Kingdom

I. Hadden.

*4°,377 3 3

10,000 —. —

49,8 1*

200,000-----*

>520,558 15 s 642,857 6 3

3,163,416 1 6

693,57* u 2

3»*5M94 12 8

600,000 --

4,450994 12 8

w. W. Pole, c. Ashley.

45 Geo. III.

Appendix*

619

Ax AccOUNT of the Amount of PREMIUMS, BOUNTIES, and Sums of Money expended under the Authority of the Act of the 41ltGeo.UI. cap. 99. for granting Bounties for taking and bringing FI S H to the Cities of London and Westminster, and other Hates 111 the United Kingdom—which Premiums or Bounties have been given in consequence of Direction* from the Lord* Commtfnoneis of Hiss Majesty s Treasury.

PORTS,

To which FISH have been brought for Sale*

LONDON:

Sprats - Eufhels 7,486

Mackarel - N° 200,900

To 12 single Vessels bringing the largest Quantities, being upwards of 20 Tons, 7 each - £. 50. - j

To 12 single Vessels bringing the larged Quantities, being upwards of 20 Tons, 7 each - - £.40. - )

Allowance to an Examiner - - £. l^o-----

to an Inspector ----- 150-----

N. B. It appears that the Total Quantities of Fish brought to Billingsgate Market by the different Candidates for the Bounties, were,

for the Years

Fresh Cod, Haddock, See. -

Slightly salted Cod, Haddock, &c. Skaite, Thomback, &c.

Fresh Herrings - - N°

Fresh Sprats - Bushels

Fresh Mackarel - - N®

1803

1804:

Tons. Cwt. qrs. lbs. 2,173* IO. 3. 14.

312. IO. 1.

1,090. 3* 3* 4.677.500. 10,309. 866,995.

8.

>7-

Tons. Cwt. qrs. lbs, 2,120. 4. l. 12.

357- 4- o. 12. 1,604. 12. 2. 20. 1,047,700. 26,032. 504,880.

LYNN:

To 6 Vessels importing in Season ended 31 May 1803; - - - Fish

N. B. This Account w as not rcceiyed in time to be included in the Return of 14 December 1803.

Species of Fish*

Cod -

D° slightly salted Skaite, &c. - -

Cod - - -Skaite, &c. -

Quantity of Fish for which any Bounty has been given.

Tons. Cwt. qrs. lbs.

825. 4. 1. 22. 208. 4. 3. 17. 933* o* 20.

BRISTOL:

Allowance for two years to ah Inspector

an Examiner

Fresh Skaite, Haddock, &c. Fresh Mackarel -Fresh Sprats

- ^-3«> 10

EDINBURGH:

To the Lord Provost, for Bounty to Persons bringing the largest Quantities of Fish to Market, during the last Season ——

Whitehall Treasury Chambers, 7 29th January 1805. )

W. HnJkiJJon.

Appendix

(No. 14.) 29* Jattuarii.

~----- 1

192. 7- 1. 26. 335

129. 1. 1. 0. 185

70. 2. 1. O. 70

21. if- O. 3* 15

Amount of

Premium or Bounty.

£■ *■ d-

880-----

24O —*

390 -

140-----

125-----

6#p-----

480-----

300-----

40 —

246 10 4,046 10 —

RETURN of the Number of EFFECTIVE MEN in Foreign Levies and Provincial Corps, formefl, or forming, £br the Service of Great Britain.

Adjutant General's Office, 28th January 1805*

CORPS.

King's German Legion

" Dragoons -Light Dragoons -lft Battalion of the Line 2d - - D1

3d - - D® - -

4th - - D°

lft Light Infantry Battalion 2d - - D°

Depot of Recruits l Artillery -

Total -

Be Mean's -

Native Troops -York Li ght infantry Volunteers £ig)tt West India Regiments Be Roll's ——

tVatfceville's - -.; -

Jphaffeurs britanniques -

JhHon's ——

‘^orfican Rangers -

Slaltefe, Two Battalions -

York Rangers -

97th Regiment, or Queen s Germans -Nova Scotia Fencibles . -

Newfoundland - D®

New Rnmswick D® -

Canadian - - D® •

Total

Where serving.

England

- D®

- D®

- D®

- D#

- D#

- D®

- D®

- D®

- D®

East Indies Ceylon - Barbadoes West Indies Gibraltar Malta -

- D®

- D° -

- D° - -

- D® - -Isle of Wight Ireland - -Nova Scotia -

- D® - -

- D" - -Isle of Wight

Cavalry.

573

249

L33

i>363

Infantry.

625

627

617

593

619

466

42

3ii

3>9°2

527

5>401

950

4.436

533

674

457

26

264

1,027

188

44a

279

454

279

6

19,845

Harry Calvert,

A. ft.

Appendix. (No. 15.)

2° Februarii.

mP

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

a* Februarii,

continued.

620

Appendix

A. 1805.

RETURN of the Number of EFFECTIVE RECRUITS raised for the Two New Battalions now recruiting in Scotland for General Service, and for the Four New Battalions now recruiting in Ireland for General Service; distinguifting the Recruits intermediately Approved from those finally Approved by the luteft Returns; with the Dates oi the Letters ot Serv.ce of the said Corps.

Adjutant General’s Office, 31ft January l'sing.

Number finally approved. Number intermediately approved. Date of Letter of Service.

78th Regiment, 2d Battalion 79th Regiment, ad Battalion Lord Matthew’s ----- Colonel Falkener’s Colonel Browns ----- Colonel Burke’s ----- 871 458 7126 713 685 925 5 212: : :}: : :} April 1804. D°. 14th May 1804. 24th May 1804.

4»374 217

It does not appear that any of the above number have received the Bounty allowed to Boys.

Harry Calvert,

A. G.

RETURN of the Number of MEN finally Approved, who have been raised by Officers Recruiting for Rank, exclusive of the Recruits enlisted for General Service, for the Two New Battalions raising in Scotland, and the Four New Battalions raising in Ireland.

Adjutant General’s Office, 28th January 1805.

For Regiments of Cavalry, since the 24th September 1803, the period of the commencement of Officers being allowed to raise Men for Promotion - 4)65*

4th (or King's own) Regiment of Foot, 2d Battalion 216

8th 377

23d 215

56th 280

Total - 5,746

Harry Calvert,

A. G.

RETURN of the Number of RECRUITS finally Approved for General Service, from ift June 1804 to ill January 1U05, and Recruited by Recruiting Staff in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; distinguishing the Number who have received Bounty as Boys.

Adjutant General’s Office, 31ft January 1805.

Number finally Approved: Number who have received Bounty as Boys:

505. 396-

Harry Calvert,

A.G.-

RETURN of the Number of EFFECTIVE MEN raised in the United Kingdom for the Levy now recruiting by Colonel French for General Service; specifying the Number of Recruits finally approved up to the last Return;—together with the Date and Terms of the Letter of Service, and the Number of Officers who have been appointed to the said Levy.

Adjutant General’s Office, 31ft January 1805.

Captains -Lieutenants Ensigns Staff

2

2

4

4

Serjeants

Drummers -

Rank and File at the Army Depot D® - - - Recruiting Recruits with the Parties

20

19

60

32

23

Total Effective Enlisted, and since loft by Casualties

- 154,

45

Total raised since Commencement - 199

In addition to the above number there are 43 temporary Serjeants attached to the Corps.

Harry Calvert,

A. G.

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix

621

STATE of the BRITISH FORCES

at Home and on Foreign Stations, on the lft of January 1804.

Adjutant General’s Office, 28th January 1805.

STATIONS. Cavalry. Artillery. Infantry. Militia.

East Indies, and on Passage Ceylon Leeward Blands, and on Passage ----- Jamaica Honduras ----- Gibraltar Malta, and on Passage ----- British North America ----- Bermudas and Bahamas -New South Wales - -- -Goree - -- -- -On board the Bombs - -- - 2,378 83 691 320 671 314 452 39 90 12,881 4,672 9,292 3,720 505 2,867 5,602 2,850 565 496 120 1 1 1 1,1 i 1 ! 1 1 1 1

Total 2,378 2,660 43,660 —

Ireland ----- 3,572 761 27,443 18,639

Great Britain - - 11,227 4,127 39,718 66,880

Jersey and Guernsey ----- - 113 7,592 —

, Total *4>799 5,001 74-753 85,519

General Total - 17,177 7,661 118,413 85,519

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

2* Februar

continued.

Note.—691 Horse Artillery are included in the above Statement of Cavalry in the United Kingdom.

27,89° Men for limited Service, ami 13,890 Men belonging to Foreign and Provincial Corps in Britishi Pay, are included in the above General Total of infantry.

Harry Calvert,

A. G.

&T A T E of the BRITISH FORCES at Home and on Foreign Stations, on the lft of January 1805.

Adjutant General’s Office, 28th January 1805.

STATI O N S. Cavalry. Artillery. Infantry. Militia.

East Indies, and on Passage - 2,296 m _ 13,522

Ceylon ----- 260 6,464 — ,

Leeward Islands, and on Passage - - - - 72 6 10.514 —

Jamaica ----- - - - - 34° 3,835 —

Honduras - - - - 917 —

Gibraltar - - 5*2 4,074

Malta ----- - - - - 456 6,034 —

British North America - 4*2 3,782 —

Bermudas an*d Bahamas -. - - - - 39 434 —

New South Wales - - - - 490 —

Goree ----- 344 —

On board the Bombs - 26 — —

Total - 2,296 2,771 50,420 —

Ireland * - - 4,070 968 29,049 19423

Great Britain - 14,857 4,708 38,113 70,386

Jersey and Guerxsey 112 7,296 —

Total - - 18,927 5,783 74458 —

General Total - - 21,223 8,559 124,878 89,809

Xote.____1,088 Horse Artillery are included in the above Statement of Cavalry in the United Kingdom.

20,747 Men for limited Service, and 21,208 Men belonging to Foreign the above General Total of Infantry.

and Provincial Corps in Britishi Pay, are included in

Harry Calvert,

A. G.

7T

1

j|j

622

Appendix.

A. ] 805.

Appendix, (No. 15.)

continued.

* -

4° Februarii.

RETURNS «f the Number of EFFECTIVE MEN'Railed under three Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, for establishing and

RETURN of the Number of EFFECTIVE MEN Raised under an Act, passed in the Lift Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act Majesty’s Regular Forces; and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia ot England/’ up to the Period of the lull Returns; statina been recruited on Account of the Parishes by Officers in His Majesty s Service; and also, specifying the Number of Effective Men raised under

ENLISTED

COUNTIES.

London City Lane after Suifex

York, West Riding - -York, North Riding

Somerset Dor let Efi’ex

Bedford Buckingham Northampton

York, East Riding Anglesey.

Carnarvon.

Denbigh Flint

Merioneth

Warwick Cumberland Westmorland

Devon Huntingdon Leicester

Cambridge ——

Cheshire Cornwall

Durham Staffoid Shropshire

Worcester

Nottingham Rutland Norfolk ——

Gloucester ——

Hertford Oxford

Berks Surrey

Kent - -

Cinque Ports Derby -

Northumberland

Wilts -Suffolk Hants

Hie of Wight.

Lincoln Hereford Montgomery Radnor.

Tower Hamlets.

Middle sex - -

Monmouth - -Glamorgan.

Brecknock.

Cardigan.

Carmarthen - -

Pembroke.

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix

623

maintaining a Permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and for other Purposes relating thereto:—With a Recapitulation.

for estabUfliing and maintaining a Permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm; and to provide for augmenting flis the Number oi Lfledive Men recruited per Week; dittinguillung the Number provided in each County by the Parish Officers from such as shall have the said Ad, who shall have Full (led into His iWajeliy's Regular Forces for General Service. _ - -

> 281 lOV h em 5 th NicemT i] 12 lee th t*mr 1 19th >ecemr 26th Decern' 4th January, 1805. . 11 th January. i l8th January. 25th January. 1ft Feb'r

04 Ji X / <r* to X X V) /

cr* X x X s 1 ' ■t 4 c X 5 & z X x £ x or u -N X X X 0 cr w. I X X X cS 0 X — X X w £ X X 9 w t u X 0 — *

or O >«, 3 - X Zb t J < 1C. ,5 \JC 3 z Zq X < i- 1 <£ 3 u v >» 3 c V Ztj X < 1 f- c r* 3 V =D X J 1 id 1 1^ u 1 X oC < H ,0 O J Z Zb >■ < b. ,b id c ‘ u 3 5 X Zs. X < 1 b Is-/ fa- ce c X Zb X >. < 0 0 u > e ("5 1 ~ i s. X J b O X i£ u 73 ~3 § 31 X -V- X Total.

- 1 * - - 2 *2 - - 1 2 2 - - - - 1 1 2

2 1 9 0 4 1 ‘ 1 4 " 4 1 - l 3 - 3 4 - 4 3 1 4 59 - 59

I 4 4 4 4 4 4 * 5 5 " 3 3 - 4 4 - 3 3 - 6 6 2 2

- - - 10 IO 2 1 2 1 2 3 5 l 8 9 1 i 1 4 6 10 1 - 1

- - - - - * 2 4 - 3 3 4 4 2 2

" 3 * 2 *2 2 •2 - :> 3 - 1 1 - - - 1 1 - - - - 1 l _ 8 8

2 2 1 1 1 - - 2 2 - - - - 1 1 1 > •2 2 - 1 1

I - 1 - 1 1 - 1 ! 1 t 2 5 7 1 •1 4 _ .

r» - 1 1: - 2 2 - 2 2 _ 1 1

1 * 1 2 2 * ~ 1 j - 2 - - - j - - - | 2 - 2 - 2 - 2

- - - - 3 3 1 ' > 1 1 - - 1 1 - 1 1

- - - 1 - 1 1 - * * 2 2 •2

1 1 - - - 1 1 , - ► ——

• * * ~ - - - - * - - - - | * - - 1 - - - 1 _ I 2 2

1 - 1 4 9 13 i - J 2 j 4 2! 6 1 2 - 0 j 6 1 4 5 2 5 7 1 5 1 6

- - - * 1 | 1 1 2 | g\ 7 - - - i 3 1 1 - 1 1 I 2

■ 4 4 - 1 1 " 1 1 ' - " - 1 1

2 2 | 1 1 * ~ - *2 2 - 1 1 i 1 - 1 4 - 4 c - 5

5 - 5 2 * 2 j: 1 - * <2 3 5 1 1) 1 3 - - - . 1 i - - 0 1 3 { _ 0 2

2 * 2 * 3 - - - } - 1 j 8 2 10 2 1 3 - 10 10 1 - 1 4 10 »4 ' > 2 2

1 ' 1 ' 2 2 j n 4 r

:: * 4 4 ' ", 2 3 - 1 - 1 1 5 I _ 1 1 _ 6 6 S 5 1 2 7 9 6 6

- _ 1 ~ 2 2 | - ~ -: - - - | - - * I 1 - 1

i - 1 | I - ’j 2 - 2 - - - 1 2 6 S - - -: 1 0 0 | 1 4 5 - 15 15 I 1 2 3

1 1 2 2 - ■2 1 - 1 1 4 5 1 I 2 4 4 j - - - ! 1 1 1 3 1 3 1 - - - 1 1 2

1 - ! ! 2 - 2 1 j - 1 - - - \ 1 - 1 - 1 1 2 2 k) 1 4 1 - 1

1 6 _ I > 1 2 | - - - - 7 7 - 1 1 - 2 2

• 3 3 - - I " 1 1 - - - > 4 - - - 1 - > 1 - - j - 1 1 -

4 1 5 - 1 - i 1 , 2 - 1 - 3 3 I. 1 , - - . 1 - - - - 1 1

2 - 2 2 5 7 1 - - 1 - 15 15 ! 1 5 6 j 2 (3 8 - -; " - - 1 4 2 - 2

1 - 1 2 2 1 - I j 1 - 1 | - 1 j - - - 1 - . | - -

| | 1 1 . i '

1 I *2 ! I >2 0 5 5 4 4 1 1 1 1 1 "

5 5 1 3 1 4 4 41 _ 4 4 1 2 - , 2 3 1 - 5 . _ > 4 4 5 5

- 1 1 •1 4 - - - I 1; - 2 1 0 - - - 1 -

2 2 I - - - 1 1 1 - 3 3 - 1 1 ■

1 - 1 1 - 1 ! .1 - 2 ! 6 21 8 |: 5 - *: 1 * - 0 1 3 ii 4 - 2 2 1 - , 1

- - - 1 - - - * - 1 j 1 2 - 0 1 - 1 i - * 2 2 - 21 ——

11 1 i | I 1

- 2 2 1 - - - 3 4 7 1 2 - 0 4 1 5 5 - 5 i 3 1 4 1 2 3 5 7 1 8 IO - 10

1 1 I 2 * A 1 2 2 1 1 ’ ~ 2

- - i - 2 1 _ 1 I ~ 2 1 I 2 2

2Q 21 50 40 45 S5: b 371 59 28 64 |9‘J 32 6 j 94 "6 32! 58 1 122 66 83 22 .4 I 09 3« '"8 00 84 19 133

1 1 1 1 I 1 1 1 i 1 1 1 1 '

4th February 1805.

I TOTAL ! ENLISTED. Casuals. X

• X

c c/3

£ £ 13

w X € 1 5 U, X fl X

£ X w 5 0

e= O X "C U1 .0 -a X

c: ’ u. 3*. 6 '2) ~ faj < £5 X it -C X X -6 9 u vii O u £ C C X X j

rv* - O A G>

7 7 *4 _ _ 2 12 2

55 1 256 6 - 52 198 112

2 3C 38 - 1 1 3<5 28

30 59 - - 7 52 9

1 1 ~ * I

3 11 H l - - I3 4

1 •21 22 - - 1 21 1

9 7 16 - * 1 *J5 7

« 11 19 - - _ 19 8

10 lo 2 - 1 7

>3 13 * " 1 12 3

- 9 9 - - - 9 6

6 6 12 1 1 10

- 2 2 - - 2

- 2 2 ' - * - 2 —

36 3i 67 3 - 9 55 9

5 13 18 1 - - 3 t5 6

7 7 - - 1 6 1

4 - 4 - - - 4

3 - - - 3 —

21 1 22 - - - 22 1

»9 10 29 - - . 23 17

54 26 80 - - 5 i 75 36

5 4 9 " 1 | 8 4

1 2 3 1 - . 1 2

*3 35 48 1 - 2 1 45 12

1 2 3 - " 3 —

1 12 35 47 2 - 2 j 43 4

! 38 8 46 1 - 8 | 37 3

1 1 1 - - - ' 1

53 3 f,6 1 - 7 1 36 *2

13 20 33 - - 4 20 1

1 i - - ~ I 1 —

4 12 16 - - 12 I M —

9 7 16 1 - 4; 11

3» 32 63 3 - J3 47 38

11 3 14 4 7 3 1

1 1 - - . 1 1

0 14 16 1 - 6 9 1

6 - 6 - - 3 3 —

G 32 38 3 <* 3.5 7

- JO 10 1 - 2 ! 7 —

7 7 1 - - 6 —

-9 6 35 1 - - 34 —

1 10 j 1 3 13 1 1 - 1 11 1 —

i63 12 75 »5 60 H

11 ) j 1 5 6 5

i 3 6 9 - - - 9 —

797 40 s G2Q5 47 1 168 1.079 343

Appendix, (No. 15.)

4° Febriiar

continued.

In° White!ocke,

Inspector General.

Appendix, (No. 15.)

4" Februarii,

.continued.

624

Appendix.

A. 1805.

RETURN of the Number of E F F E C T I V E MEN Raised under an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for - augmenting His Majesty’s Regular Forces," up to the period of the last Returns; stat.ng the Number of Effective Men recruited per Week; Officers in His Majesty’s Service; and also, specfy.ng the Number of Effective Men raised under the said Act, who shall have enlisted into

COUNTIES.

Donegal -

Londonderry »Tyrone Antrim Fermanagh Monaghan Armagh Down Kildare Wicklow -Carlow. Weflmcath King's County. Queen’s County -Cork City Cork County Kerry

Dublin City Dublin County -Rofcoimnon. Longford -Meath Tipperaiy -Galway.

Clare

Cavan

Louth

Leitrim

Sligo

Mayo

Wexford -Kilkenny -Waterford -Liraeiick City -Limerick County.

Total -

-O

6

4-Z

o a. 00 <v

18

5

*3

x>

a

OJ

G.

O

ctj

m

C/2

<0

c»

o

<3

o

"0

CO

12

20

21

12

4

10

107

o

<3

C

x

o

<3

O

x

6

H

45

j=>

o

<3

O

43

-Q

O

<3

C

7

12

57

o

35

p

o

32

a

o

5

2

2

37

44

x

6

Q

55

46

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix

625

" establdhing r.nd maintain,; a Permanent Additional Force, to be raised in Ireland, for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for

uilhngnifhin^ the Number provid d m each County by the Parish Officers from such as ffiaU have been recruited on Account of the Purishes by His Majest/s Regular J'oitib for General Service.

Appendix, (No. 15.)

4* Februar,

continued.

626

Appendix.

1805.

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

4* Februarii,

continued.

N her of F FFE C T I VE M E N Raised under an Act, pafifed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, " \r,. and for the gradual Keduflton of the Militia of Scotland," up to the period of the Lft Retoraa; dating, he Numl*r.. ,f ,i, PuT.thes hv Officers of His Majesty’s Service; and alto, specilying the Number ol Lllechve Men raised under

RETURN of the Regular Force's j recruited on Account of the Parishes by Ofhcers

COUNTIES.

Lanark -Wigton -Dumfries^ Kirkcudbright -Selkirk.

Roxburgh.

Renfrew -Ayr

Edinburgh City Edinburgh County. Linlithgow.

Peebles -Berwick -Haddington.

Ross - J Cromarty. 0 Sutherland * Caithness.

Stirling.

Dumbarton -Fife

Kinross. Clackmannan. Aberdeen Kincardine.

Forfar.

Bute.

Argyle.

Perth Naira.

Elgin Inverness Banff.

Total

Majesty’

ENLISTED BY PARISH OFFICERS.

13 9

13

15

16

10

10

1 39 5 32 23

12th December. 19H1 December

00

18

1 19

3 -

10

R E CAP I T I"

recapitulation. NUMBER ENLISTED, 1

t By Parish Officer?. By Reg1 Officers. Total.

ENGLAND and WALES 797 498 i,293

IRELAND 1,181 - 1,181

SCOTLAND 235 32 (167

Total - - - 2,213 530 2,743

Inspector General's Office, ? 4th l ebruary 1805. )

Appendix*

627

L

LO.

III.

' Mil Vishing and maintaining a Permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm; and to provide for augmenting His Majesty'i Mvt >Ien recruited per Week; chfnngiuiiiuig the N umbei prm.ded in each County by the Par.fa Officers from such lis shall haveTjeen

d Act who shall have enlisted into His Mujell}* Ur^uUr Forces for General Service.

4tlj February 1805.

26th December 4tl 1805. January. \ 1 th January. iSth January. I 25th January. February. # Total Enlisted. Casuals. c 4/ ri 9

*> t- <v * C w N O ’n V e . e w Im 4/ > £ w Vm O In B -O 3 s b. 0 £ Si

, £ i2 0 I ‘3d * a MN «"* > 52 52 J £ r~ O I -<S Jo •siuamiS^U iCjj < H O £ O jo | j By Regiments. Total. 5 Jo «r C ■ij SO Total. £ O 2 3 d 2* 2 ‘3& & Total. £ O £ u 3 U U 55 By Regiments. Tota l. £ C £ SO On >* 50 c/5 ‘3o 4; ij < u ,0 r 1 Discharged. Dead. Defer ted. H ~3 S-* 0) o> u C/; V 3 a 3 ro

5 " 5 - - - 6 - 6 - 4 00 9 *7 3 - 3 53 9 6i - - 5 57 9

- * * 1 1 * — 1 * 1 * * m 4 4 4 —

- - - - - 3 - 3 - - - - 42 - 42 1 - 4 37 9

_ m 19 21 I 0 3 _ - - . 71 4 75 7 _ 7 61 9

- - - - 1 •i 3 i 2 - •2 - 1 3 2 5 4 15 - 1 »4 2

- * " 1 1 * 1 1 * * 2 2 * % " 2 t

- - 1 1 1 1 1 - - - 1 1 —

■ - - 1 - 1 - 2 2 1 2 3 - - - 3 —

- - - - - 11 - 11 - - 3 - 3 1 - 1 39 - 39 - - - 39 -4

1 1 7 3 10 7 3 10 - - _ 10 3

1 1 1 1 1 - 1 1

I 1 2 3 - - - 2 2 4 - - - 4 —

- , . ' - -; - 1 1 j - - 1 - 3 3 - - 1 2 —

_ _ . I * _ j . 1 1 - - - - 1 1 - - * 1 —

- 1 1 1 3 1 4 4

5 - 5f 1 r 1 -i 12 6 j *7 3 to 15 1 2 27 14 9 23 2 35 3*2 267 8 - ,s 1 241 33 - -

Jn" Whitelocke,

Inspector General.

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

4* Februarii,

continu'd.

L A T I O N.

j CASH 1. S. 1 Number of Effective Men. . Number Volunteered General Service.

! 1 Discharged. Dead. Deserted.

47 1 . i(58 1,079 343

7 1 f 1 175 998 —

.. 8 1 . 18 241 33

6 2 2 36'j *,3>8 376

John Whitelocke,

Inspector General.

628

Appendix

A. 1805.

Appendix, (No. 15.)

40 Februarii,

continued.

, _ 1A , r aftf Ppfprve into His Majesty’s Regular Forces for General Service,

RETURN of the Number of EFFECTIVE ME ‘ 1 ® the Tft of Jun/last from such as have been Enhfted subsequent to that period,

up to the last Return distinguishing those Enhfted prev.ous to the tft of June last trom +th February 1805.

Number of Men Volunteered, General Service.

Number Volunteered since that period

_ - _ 12,883

- - - - 4,460

Total - 0,343

In° Whitelockey

Inspector General.

RETURN of the Number of COMMISSIONED and NON-COMMISSIONED OFFICERS that have been detached " for establishing and maintaining a Permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for

COUNTIES from which they receive MEN.

Bedford

Berks

Buckingham Cambridge -Chester

Cornwall -

Cumberland

Cinque Ports

Derby

Devon

Dorset

Durham

Essex

Gloucester -

Hants

Hertford

Huntingdon

Isle of Wight

Kent -

Lancaster -

Leicester

Lincoln

London, City

Middlesex -

Norfolk

Northampton

Northumberland

Nottingham

Oxford

Rutland

Salop

Somerset

Stafford

Suffolk

Surrey

Sussex

Tower Hamlets

Warwick

Westmoiland Wilts -Worcester -

York

Anglesea Carnarvon Flint -Denbigh Merioneth -Hereford Radnor Montgomery Glamorgan Monmouth Brecknock -Carmarthen Pembroke -CardiL.au

C East ) c

< We ft > Riding < C North j t

RECEIVING STATION. RANK AND NAMES of OFFICERS. REGIMENTS they belong to.

Bedford - Inspecting Field Officer, Recruiting Service - - _ -

Reading - Captain Douglas ----- 52»J

- Buckingham - Gough ----- 87,h

- Ely .... - - - Bure ham ----- 3°,k

- Namptwick - - - - Fearon - 31"

Bodmin - - - - Jerrard - v 32nd -

- Carlisle - Inspecting Field Officer, Recruiting Service - -

- Canterbury - Major Tomkins ----- 57,h

- Derby - Captain Williams - - - * 59th

- Exeter - Inspecting Field Officer, Recruiting Service - -

r Blandford - Captain Peebles ----- 9,h -

- Durham - Inspecting Field Officer, Recruiting Service ——

- Chelmsford - Captain Wright ----- 47'*

- Gloucester - - - - Bentley - - 5otb

- Southampton - Inspecting Field Officer, Recruiting Service - -

- Hertford - Captain Rowan ----- 5a"4

- Huntingdon - - - Blakeney ----- 87th

- Newport - Deputy Inspector General of Recruits - m m —

- Maidstone ... Inspecting Field Officer, Recruiting Service ——

- Bolton-le-Moors Captain Ridgeway 8th G" B"

- Leicester - - - - Fitzthomas ----- 32nd

- Lincoln - Major Monro - -- - 69'"

- London - Captain Maul ----- 3 '*’

- London - - - - Brunt ----- 83,d -

- Norwich - - - Dickens ----- 7th G" B"

Northampton - - - - Griffin - . -

- Morpeth - - - - Douglas ----- 6iBt

- Nottingham - - Inspecting Field Officer, Recruiting Service ——

- Woodltock - Captain R. Campbell - - 52d

* Oakham - - - - Bridge ----- 45,k -

- Shrewsbury - Inspecting Field Officer, Recruiting Service -

- Wells - - - Captain Rogers ----- 40th

- Stafford - - - - Orange ----- 38<:> -

- Ipswich - Inspeding Field Officer, Recruiting Service - . - -

- Epl'om - Major O’Niell ----- 56th -

4 . CliicheAer Captain Mansfield ----- 5th -

Ia*\vrs - Major Pratt ----- 5"* '

- London - Inspebhng Field Officer, Recruiting Service -

.5 Warwick - Captain Langworthy ----- 24H1

Birmingham - Inspeciing Field Officer, Recruiting Service -

- Kendal - Captain Macdonneli ----- 25th

- Marlborough - Inspeciing Field Officer, Recruiting Service -

- Worcester - Captain Kipling ----- 43,d

- Beverley - - - - Bozon- ----- Id'"

- Lieeds - Inspeciing Field Officer, Reciuiting Service -

-V Northallerton - Captain Batterfby ----- gth

Denbigh - - Captain Prvce 6lh G" Bn

3 Hereford - Inspeciing Field Officer, Recruiting Service - -

3 Monmouth - Captain Palmer ----- 6th G" Bn

3 Carmarthen - Captain Jones ----- 96(h -

TOTALS -

4o Geo. III.

Appendix.

629

RETURN of the Number of RECRUITS finally approver! for Unlin/ited Service, from the l ft of June 1^04. to the ill of January 1805, in the United Kingdom, for Regiments; 1; 'nine and V >• id 'e\iluiive of the Recrpt* enlisted lbr the Two New Battalions railing ill Scotlan Dy and the Four New Battalions railing in Iklj.an d for General Smice, and of those raised b}~ Ohirers for Rank.)

Adjutant GeneraVs Uffice, 28th January 1805.

Railed for Regiments at Home Railed for Regiments Abroad

1,634

334

Total - - 1

1,968

Harry Calvert,

A. G.

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

4* Februani,

continued.

<-----

'from their respective Regiments for the purpose of re ’eiying Men e'ynp.Ard to be raised under an Act of the last Session, intituled, u An

an ’ mention His Majesty’s Regular Forces: and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England."

0 0 J * * 4th February 1805.

Strength of the Parties at each Station.

OFFICERS R ELI EVE D.

O F TH E LINE:

x

a

2

I i

i:

o

CL

u,

O

u

22

a

a

p

t-

G

' C

1

4

2

2

2

1

2

2

OUT-PENSIONERS:

o

U

2

2

4

*5

2

5

1

2

5

1

7

3

1

4

2 2

t

2

5

2

3

1

7

18

p

O

H

1

2 2 2

2

3

2

4

3

3

7

4

2

3

4

1

49

3

3

3

2

2

1

9

1

2

2

2

1

1

1

1

4

26

2

5

1

2

5

1

7

4

v r~

H3

C

C

c

1

3

6

4

2

5

2

7

5

3

2

7

4 4

3

6

3

1

4

3

0

1

2

3

1

8

28

10

5

5

5

3

3

3

3

22

; 202

4

27

4

7

1

0

1

3 7

4

2

3

4

3

4

1

4

2

6

RANK

and

Names.

c/3

55

W

IS

o

C2

REMARKS.

1

3

3

10 28

11

5

5

5

3

3

3

3

‘^5i

Captain Mein

Captain Colqnhoun

53

40'

,th

Captain P. Campbell Captain Jennings -

5*

nd

4°

th

Recruiting Staff employed.-

D*

Dt.

D».

D*.

D*.

D*.

D*

X>*.

D‘.

D*.

D°.

D*.

D%

7n° JVhilelocke,

Infp*(3or General.

7 X

6130

Appendix.

A. 1805.

<v_

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

4° Februariit

continual. "X/-----

I, ETUR N of h. Door, mt . »ich hove t.k«, H~ in tf» *» '«

3,il Decembor 1803 ,-olfo, from the ,« Jammy 10 to 3'f> L’"emter

In May - - 1803 June - - — July - - — August - —

September — October - —

November — December —

In January 1804 February — March - — April - — May - - —

June - - —

July - - ~ August - — September — October — November — December —

Total

Total -

Adjutant Generals Offi

Deaths. Diichurges. Desertions.

95 430 303

- 97 185 280

- 77 180 402

- 47 H4 326

- 89 603 ’ 304

- 66 171 357

- >5 155 89 330

- 240 273 347

- 806 2,075 2,649

264 299 335

- ‘213 301 36s

r 276 221 338

- 231 467 279

- 205 315 385

- 197 410 368

129 239 458

- 121 159 452

- I04 101 636

- 133 193 373

- 109 3^3 339

- 134 193 355

- 2,116 3,201 4,686

rAL *) 'ar j 2,982 5,276 7,335

Harry,

a. a.

ABSTRACT of the Number of Casualties which have taken place in the Army Abroad, since the Commencement of the War, as far as can be ascertained from Returns which have been received at the Adjutant General’s Office.

31ft January 1805.

Deaths. Discharges. Desertions.

Leeward Islands to 31ft August 1804} 2,166 101 398

Jamaica to 31ft May 1804} * t 454 279 162

Honduras to 31ft May 1804 } 24 1 —

Bermudas and Bahamas - - - - 7 to 30th September 1804) 11 1 3

Nova Scotia to 30th September 1804 } 42 158 99

Canada to 31ft July 1804 } 45 69 75

Gibraltar to 30th September 1804 } 80 523 20

Malta to 31ft August 1804 } *54 102 119

Kuft Indies to 30th September 1803 } *>234 82 29

Glmkral Total - - - 4,210 1,316 905

Harry Calvert,

• A G.

45 Geo. TIL Appendix*

Copy of a LETT Lit of SERVICE to Colonel French, of the late ioed Foot; ami Captain Sandon, of the Royal Wu

Gentlemen, War-Office, 30th April 1S04.

I have the honour to acquaint you, Mis Majesty has been plcufed to appiovc of your railing Five thousand Men, to be turned over to the Regiments of the Lint* in His Majesty's Service, upon the following conditionsThe Recruits are to be engaged without limitation as to time and place of Service. You will be allowed 13 Guineas Levy Money for each Recruit finally approved at one of the following Depotsviz.—The Isle of Wight; Dublin; and Edinburgh ;—put of which Levy Money, a furn equal to what may be fixed by the Recruiting Instructions in force at the time, is to be appropriated to stirmlhing the Recruits with necefihries on their final approval, exchffive of the actual Sum which may have been received determined by the Recruit. The iubfistence of the Recruits; the extra allowance to Innkeepers; the allowance for Rear, and any other daily Charge, will only be allowed to commence from the date of approval of each Recruit. Rut, with a view to cover any extra expellees that you may incur by the Men being enlilteda considerable time before their approval, )ou will be allowed to enlist ten Roys in every joo Recruits, for whom you will receive the same Bounty and Allowances as for Men. The Men and Roys respectively are to be of the age and llze directed by the general Recruiting Intimation* of the Army. No charge for Slop Cloathing for the Non-commissioned Officers, or Recruits, will be admitted; as, on approval, the latter will be clothed at the Depots hv the Regiments to which they shall be at once attached. No intermediate approval of the Recruits is to take place, and conlcqueiitly neither Bounty, Subsistence, nor any other charge, will be allowed for such as shall be rcjedled at the# several Depots. Each Recruit, on approval at the Depot, is to sign a certificate that he received the full Bounty promised to him. You will be allowed to appoint 90 Serjeants, 90 Corporals, and 60 Drummers; who must be previously approved by an inspeeling Field Officer of a Recruiting Di ft rich The Drummers are to be of the age and frandard of Roys, as speeilled in the Recruiting Instructions. The Sublilience of the above-mentioned Non-eoinmillioned Officers and Drummers is to commence from the dates of their actual appointment as inch. Half of them, if finally approved at the Depots, nre to be reckoned as part of the complement of the first Five hundred Recruits for your Levy; and the remainder as part of the full Thousand. The Corporals and Drummers are to be given to understand that they are liable to be draughted as Privates into the old Regiments. The whole of the Non-commissioned Officers, and Drummers, mull, in the fir 11 infiance, he enlifi*d and attelled as Privates; and their atteltation transmitted to this Office immediately on approval. One half of the Serjeants may be enlilled with the condition of their being discharged at the conclusion of the Levy; which cireumftance is to be noticed in their respective attefiations. The Bounty of 13 Guineas will be allowed for such of the Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers as shall be finally approved at the Depots, as part of your Levy. Cloathing will be provided, under the Orders of Government, for the Lffiettive Non-commissioned

gon Traiiii

Officers and Druunners fcmploved as above-mentioned. You will be allowed, during the Lew, the aliifiance <d ten Olhcers, whole names are to be Hated to His Koval I ho ijn ess The Com m an i»i:n in Cnir.r, for- His approbation; and such of thelc Officers us may be on Halt-pay are to receive Full Ray during their feivlce with your Levy, subsequently* to such approval. As the Men are to be passed at the Depots, it is not thought necessary to make vou an allowance for an Adjutant, Paynuilter, Surgeon, or Quartermaster; but an Officer, above the ten, will be allowed, to he relideut at each Depot during the Levy. I11 lieu of giving you pennillion to nominate any Officers for Commissions, an allowance at the rate of (wo guineas per Man, over and above the before-mentioned sum of 13 Guineas, will be made to you, whenever 500 Men shall be puffed at the Depots; and, for every 500 Men iublVquently passed, the like extra allowance of two Guineas per Man will be made to you. 'The liipulated allowance of 13 Guineas each for the approved Recruits will he ilVued immediately on their approval by the Paymafu-rs residing at the respective Depots, l»y drafts upon the Agents of the Corps to which the Men and Boys may be attached, and the Recruits will be afterwards fublified through the fame Channel, or by the Diltnct Paymafiors, until they join Regiments. The Ray of the Comnfffiioned Officers, Nou-commissioned Olhcers, and Drummers, employed in the Levy, is to he received from the Pay matters of the Recruiting District in which they shall be respectively stationed, who will draw for the fame up- n the general Agents for Recruiting in London and Dublin respectively; rendering distincl Ray-Litis of their Expenditures on this head, to tins Office. If however, any of the Commilfiom d Officers should he on Dull Ray in the exiting Regiments, the District Paymasters will draw for the Pay of such Officers on their respective Regimental Agents, in the fame nianneT as for that of other Olhcers employed in the Recruiting Service. In coidequeoce of this arrangement, it is presumed that your advances on account of the Levy will be to incontideruhle as feaiccly to require any imjuelt of Money into your hands, in the fnfi instance; hut, if you should find foine affifiance absolutely necessary, there will ho no ohjedion to your receiving a moderate Sum on account, giving Security for the immediate repayment thereof, when defiled. It is to be clearly understood, that Government reserves to itself the diferation of discontinuing the Levy entirely, in case 4,000 Men are not raised, and passed, within nine months from the date of this Letter; or in case the whole 5,000 Men are not raised, and passed, within thirteen months from the same date. In the execution of this Service, 1 am to allure you of every aliifiance that this Office can afford.

1 have, &c.

C Brugge.

Colonel French, of the late I02d Foot; and,

Captain Sundon, of the Royal Waggop Train.

A true Copy from the Rooks of the War-Office,

5ih February 1805.

T. Moore,

Depy Sec^ at War.

RETURN of the Number of RECRUITS Enlilled, and approved, for the Royal Regiment of Artillery, the Horse Brigade, the Brigade ot Gunners and Drivers, and the Companies of Foreign Artillery between the lit January 1804 and the lit January 1805.

Woolwich, 7th February 1805.

Gunner Recruits. Gimr Drivr Recruits. lotah

Royal Regiment of Artillery. ----- 1,870 _ 1,870

1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i jj u - 1

Brigade of Gunners and Drivers ----- - - 1 L94-5 1,945

Companies of Foreign Artillery ----- 30 -

General Total - 1,900 J.!H5 3,845

J. Mad cod,

D. Adj. Gen. for the Artillery.

RETURN of the Number of RECRUITS F.nlilted, and approved, for the Royal Regiment of Artillery, the Horse Brigade, the Brigade of Gunners and Drivers, and the Companies of Foreign Artillery ;—between the lit June 1804 and the lit January 1 805.

Woolwich, 7th February 1805

(dinner Recruits. Gunr I)rivr Recruits. Total.

Royal Regiment of Artillery' ilot fie Brigade -Brigade of Gunners and Drivers Companies of Foreign Artillery - - 1,210: : 1 1,210 1,113

* General Tor a l 1,210 ML5 -’3-3

Append!*, (No. 15.)

continued,

6° Fcbntarii.

7* Februarii.

632

Appendix

A. 1805

Appendix, ,(No. 15.)

7° Februarii,

RETURN of the Non-commissioned Officers, Privates, and Artificers, belonging to the Royal Regiment of AitTii.Lr.iiY, including Ilorfe Brigade, Brigade of Gunners and Drivers, and the Companies of foreign Artillery, on the ift of January 1804.

continued. ' ——

i - Woolwich, February 7th 1803.

’[Serjeants. Rank and File. iiiilmlui" Kerr nils jumed and approved. Gunners and Drivei s. Dvummers or Trumpeters — -M~ Enlisted Artificers. (tot ai.

Marching Battalions - - j 030 5,491 . 174 - i 5^95

In Great Britain, \ Jlorle Biigade - - - -; 37 775 401 7 46 1,266

Ireland, Jersey,< Inval.ds - 1 48 579 - 11 - ' 638

and G tiernfey J Brigade of Gunners and Drivers 73 - 2,8 2 S' - 159 1 3’°

V, Companies of Foreign Artillery 1( 9 114 1 - 1 124

Total serving in the United Kingdom - ! 397 6,059 193 205 i 10,983

1 f Marchine BattaLons - - 1 Serving on Knyalldsb. _ _ 104 2 0,676 18 - - 54 1 - 2.8:14 21

oreign tutions. (jompaideg of Foreign Artillery - j 9 193 - - - 202

Total fervwg on Foreign Stations - - ! 115 2,887 - - 55 - 1 3|°57

General Total - - J 512 0,846 3»‘^9 248 205 J M>°4°

J. Macleodj

, D. Ad. Gen. for the Artillery.

RETURN of the Ncrn-rommiluoned Officers, Privates, and Ai tificers, belonging to the Royal Regiment of Artillery, including Horse Brigade, Brigade of Gunners and Drivers, and the Companies of Foreign Artillery, on the 1 ft of January 1805,

Woolwich, February 7th 1S05.

Serjeants. Bank ami File inrlu liu^ Tv vet * i'T jo.ned und approved. Gunners and Drivei 3. Drummers or Trumpeters. Enlisted Artificers. TOTAL

f Marching Battalions In Great Britain, \ Horse Brigade -Ireland, JerseyX Invalids -and Guernsey i Brigade of Gunners and Drivers {^Companies of Foreign Artillery - 233 4~ 48 115 6 6,130 935 585 21 536 4.246 184 8 i 1 16 59 246 6,547 1,580 644 4,623 2 b’

Total serving in the United Kingdom 444 7457*2 4.782 219 305 13.422

Servian <m ' t Marching Battalions Foreign Stations. ) ^nva*ids." * . ’ " U Companies of Foreign Artillery - 102 0 11 2,76l 17 2p8: 55 1 1 - 2,918 20 310

Total serving on Foreign Stations H5 3.076 - - 57 - 3,248

General Total 559 10,748 4.782 276 305 16,670

/. Madcody -

1). Ad, Gen. for the Artillery.

A RETURN of the Number of RECRUITS Enlisted and approved for the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers;

between ift January 1804 and 1 ft January 1803.—vh;.

Recruits Enlisted, and approved

, N° - 37*

R Morft\

Lieut. General Commanding the Corps-.

A R h TURN of the Nuinler ot RECRUITS Enlisted and approved for the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers

between lit June 1804 and ill January 1S05.—viz.

’ N°

Recruits lml died, and approved - 2(5.

R Morfa

Lieut, General Commanding the Corps.

45 Geo. III. Appendix, 633

A RETURN of the Non-commiflmned Officer*, Privates, Artificers, and Labourers, belonging to the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, on the id of January 1804! specifying the Total of the said Corps serving in the Uuited Kingdom, Jersey, and Guernsey; and the Total serving Abroad.

Sorjeant Majors. Corporals Privates.

Serjeants. r Artificer*. ;— Labourers

1 Total serving in the United Kingdom, Jersey, and Guehifey 8 22 29 293. 44

Total feiving Abroad - a >4 16 34^ —

General Total - 10 36 45 33 44

Appendix;

(No. 15.)

7* Februar

continued.

Rr Morse, Lieut. General Commanding the Corpi.

A RETURN of the kTon-commissioned Officers, Privates, Artificers, and Labourers, belonging lo the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, on the lit of January 1805; specifying the Total of the said Corps serving in the United Kingdon\, Jersey, and Guernsey; and the Total serv ing Abroad.

Serjeant Majors. Serjeants. Corporals Privi , Artificers. ates. v Labourers

Total fetving in the United Kingdom, Jersey, and Guefnfey - 8 21 36 337 43

Total serving Abroad ----- ‘2 13 >4 130

General Total - 10 34 50 567 43

Rf Morse, Lieut. General Commanding the Corp§.

ABSTRACT of the preceding Accounts.

Total Number of Recruits enlilled and approved for the Royal Regiment of Artillery, the Uerfe } Brigade, the Brigade of Gunners and Drivers, and the Companies of Foreign Artillery, between > the ift January 1804 and the 1A January 1805 -----3

Total Number of Recruits enlilled and approved for the Corp3 of Royal Military Artificers and 7 Labourers, between the ill January 1804 and the ill January 1805 - j

Total Number of Recruits enlisted and approved, in the year 1804

Total Number of Recruits enlified and approved for the Royal Regiment of Artillery, the Ilorfe} Brigade, the Brigade of Gunners and Drivers, and the Companies of Foreign Artillery, from the > 1 ft June 1804 to the ift January 1805 Total Number of Recruits enlilled and approved for the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, from the ift June 1804 to the ill January 1805 - -

Total Number of Recruits enlisted ami approved, from ill June 1804 to the ift January 1805 -

3>845

37

j.882

2,323

26

2,349

« Serjeants. Rank and File, including Recruits joined and approved. Gunners and Drivers. Drummers or Trumpeters. F.nlifted Artificers. TOTAL.

Total of the Efle&ivfc Strength of the Royal Regiment of}

Artillery, the Horse Brigade, the Brigade of Gunners andf Drivers, and Companies of Foreign Artillery, exclusive off 5>2 9,846 3,229 248 205 14,040

Commissioned Officers; ift January 1804 - J Total of the Efleflive Strength of the Corpa of Royal JSIili- 7 46 722 768

tary Artificer! and Labourers; 1 ft January 1804 - 3

General Total, ift January 1804 - 558 10,568 3*229 <248 205 14,808

Total of the EflWlive Strength of the Royal Regiment of}

Artillery, the Uorfc Brigade, the Brigade of Gunners and f Drivers, and Companies of Foreign Artillery’, exclusive oft 559 >0,748 4,782 27$ 305 16,670

CominilTioned Officers; 1 ft January 1805 - - - j Total of the EftcClive Strength of the Corps of Royal Miii- 7 44 660 704

tary Artificers and Labourers; 1A January 1805 - 3

General Total, ift January 1805 - 603 11,408 4,782 276 305 .7,374

RETURN of the Number of R ECRUITS Rai fed for the Army; from the ift January to the 31st of December 1804.

__________Adjutant General's Office, iCth February 1805.

Raised for Regiments in Great Britain -

Raised for Regiments in Ireland -

Railed in Great Britain lor Regiments Abroad, and for General Service Railed in Ireland for Regiments Abroad, and for General Service -Raised for the four New Levies in Ireland -

6,073 2,212 988 666 3,472

Total

>3,4"

18* Februarii.

t

V'OL. 60.

7 Y

Harry Calvert, a. G.

C34

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

18* Februarii,

continued.

RETURN of the ElTeaive Strength of the R OJ A L VETERA N and GARRISON BATTALIONS,

Adjutant General's Office, 15th February 1805.

1 Royal Veteran Battalion 1

3

4

5 "

6

7

Total

- 647

- 582

- 631

- 885

- 650

- 618

- 693 Now forming.

- 4>76

1 Garrison Battalion -

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

12 *3 »4

15

16

138

54

74

71

144

159

94

105

23

120

204

21

2

20

156

Total

- 1,385

Harry Calvert,

a. G.

21° Februarii.

RETURN of the Rank and Number of the Officers, and the Number of the Non-commissioned Officers, attached to the Establishment of the Inspector General of Recruits, or employed under his Order*; together with the Expence of the fame; fur the year 1802.

CD

I S

•O

a.

O

<u

G.

n\ n speclor G eneral and Commandant -Deputy Inspector General and 2d in Command -Assistant Inspector -Fort Major, Adjutant, and Quartermaster -Chaplain -

Staff Captains Assistant Adjutants -Assistant Quartermasters' -Principal Medical Officer Surgeons -

Assistant Surgeons -Surgeons Mates Pay matter -

Deputy Paymaster -Serjeant Majors Quartermaster Serjeants -Drum Major . -Staff Serjeants Clerks -

Commandant and Inspedf-ing Field Officer Captain and Ridingmaster Adjutant and Quartermaster -

Paymaster -

Surgeon -Veterinary Surgeon Serjeant Major Quartermaster Serjeant -Trumpet Major Staff Serjeants Clerks -

Q

.| s

o

v

2

y

Inspecting Field Officers -Adjutants -Paymasters -Surgeons -

Staff' Serjeants and Clerks Deputy Inspector Generals Inspecting Field Officers -Adjutants -Paymasters -Surgeons -

.Staff Surgeons and Clerks Total -

General Officers. Colonels. Lieut. Colonels. | Majors. n C *3 S3 Lieutenants. Ensigns. Staff. ■0 id 0 s« io z General Service; Recruiting. Army of Reserve. Total.

] •: 818 11 4 818 11 4

_ _ 1 _ _ _ - 365 — . _ _ 365 — —

107 - - - 107 — —

273 >5 — - - - 27315 —

- - - 1 - 91 5 — - - - 91 5 —

42 7 6 - - - 42 7 6

1*9 12 — - - - 109 12 —

54 15 — - - - 54 15 —

- - - 1 - 633 4 8 - - - 633 4 8

- - - 1 - 91 5 — - - - 9» 5 -

- 3 - 410 12 6 - - - 410 12 6

_ _ _ 1 _ _ 1 •' 547 — " 547 jo

- 349 15 ~ - - - 349 15 —

2 63 9 - - - 63 9 10j

2 72 12 4J - - - 72 12 4i

1 45 4 ioj - - - 45 4 10 j

15 5»7 8 si - - - 587 8 54

* * " " * 447 2 6 " - - 447 2 6

_ 273 15 — 273 15

266 2 11 - - - 266 2 11

- - - 1 - 237 5 — - _ _ 237 5 —

1 - 273 15 — - - - 273 15 —

- - - 1 - 182 IO — - _ 182 10 —

j - I46 - - - 146 — —

1 59 6 3 - - - 59 6 3

1 59 6 3 - - - 59 6 3

1 48 >3 4 - - - 48 13 4

6 301 1 6 - - - 301 2 6

4 >7* >7 i°l - - - 171 17 ioi

2 10 1 - 2,372 IO — - - - 2,372 I® —

- - - 13 - 711 15 — - - -- 7'J 15 —

- - - >3 - 3.558 15 — - - - 3.558 15 —

- - - - 2,372 IO — - - - 2,372 10 —

- - 4. - 39 J.883 3 5l - m - - 1,883 3 5}

- 2 - - - 730 - - - 730 ~ —

- - 7 1 - 1,460 - - - 1,460 — —

- - - 8 - 438 - - - 438 — —

- - - 8 _ 2,190 - - - 2,190 — —

- - - 8 - 1,460 - - - 1,460 —

24 1,158 17 6 - - - 1,158 17 6

1 4 19 3 5 3 - 75 96 25>465 16 2 - - - 25.465 16 2

e Numbers not inserted, varying as the Service required.

In° Whitelocke,

Inspector Genertl.

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

635

RET U II N of the Hank and Number of the O FFI C EH S, and the Number of the Non-commissioned Officers, attached to the Establishment of the Inspector General of Recruits, or employed under his Orders; together with the Expence of the fame; for the year 1803.

u

in

E

1)

C~ C Jr o

P s

£>2

ci

S * o

e

cj -

U t-I

a a;

’ 1 nfpeftor General and Commandant "

Deputy Iwfpeflor General and 2d in Command -Assistant Inspeaor - -

Fort Major, Adjutant, and Qiuirtermaster Chaplain -Staff Captains Adjutants Afliffant Adjutants Assistant Quartermasters -Principal Medical Office* Surgeons

Assistance Surgeons -Paytnafter

Deputy Pay mailer -Serjeant Majors QuartermaOer Serjeants -Drum Major Staff Serjeants Clerks -

Commandant and Inspect-jug t mid Officer -Captain ami Riding-maftei Adjutant and Quarter-matter Pay matter / Surgeon

Veterinary Surgeon Serjeant Major Quartermaster Serjeant Trumpet Major Staff* Serjeants Clerks -

/'Deputy Inspector General

■ and Commandant

Second in Command Paymaster -Adjutant - "

Chief Physician and Inspeaor of Hospitals -Surgeon Apothecary -Deputy Purveyor -Serjeant Major Quartermaftfcr Serjeant Staff Serjeants Clerk -

r Inspecting Field Officers Adjutants; Paymasters -Surgeons

Staff’Serjeants and Clerks r Deputy Inspeaor Generals InipecV.ng Field Officers -Adjutants Paymasters -Surgeons Staff Serjeants and Clerks

Law Assistance Assistant Inspetfor General Superintendent of Cloath-

ing -Clerks -

Total - -

ffe'

s jl3

1 -

‘2 7

4 -

13

So

2

2

t

15

39

*4

100

General Service; Recruiting. Army of Reserve; Commencing 9th July. Total.

£. s. d. £■ *• d. £. s. d.

1,009 16 8 - 1,009 16 8

3fi5 — _ ... 365

182 10 — 43 225 10 —

273 15 — - 273 *5 —

91 5 — - 9*5 —

53« 10 3 - 53* JQ 3

-I— — —

138 16 — - 138 16 —

54 *5 — - 5415 —

609 17 1 - 609 17 1

01 5 — - 91 5 —

410 12 6 - 41012 6

547 10 — - - - 547 10 —

273 *5 — - *73 *5 —

6s 9 10£ - 63 910?

72 12 4^ - 7212 4,'

45 4 io| - 45 4

587 8 51 - 587 8 5i

447 2 6 - - — 447 2 6 TJ

273 >5 — 44 — — 3'7 15 —

266 2 11 266 2 11

237 5 — 22 *59 5 —

273 *5 — 22 *95 15 —

182 10 — 22 204 10 —

146 - 146

59 6 3 - 59 6 3

59 6 3 - 59 6. 3

48 13 4 - 48 13 4

301 2 6 - 301 26

171 17 10J - - 171 17 104

365 m jm 365 —

132 5 — , . 1 132 5 —

182 10 — - 182 IO —

146 - 146

730 - 73°

182 10 — - 182 10 —

182 10 — - 182 10 —

182 10 — - 182 JO —

54 7 43 - 54 7 4?

54 7 4? - 54 7 4!1

78 6 5l - 78 *> si

85 3 4 - 85 3 4 1

2,372 10 — 2,944 10 —

7" '5 — 286 997 15 — I

3>558 15 — 2S6 3,844 15 —

2,372 10 — 286 2,658 IO J

1,883 3 5l - - - 1,883 3 5i'

700 176 906

| 1,460 352 1,812

4.'>8 176 614

1 2,1(>0 176 2,3r>6

| 1,460 1 76 1,636 —

j 1,158 '7 6 - 1,15817 6

i 96 8 y 96 8 9

_ 120 15 — 120 15 —

| 126 15 — 126 15 —

! - - - 126 15 — 126 15 —

1 28,528 — 3 3>i°9 13 9 31,637 14 — I

Appendix* 2i° Februaritf

continued.

V-----f

Remarks.

inserted. Varying as the Service required.

During the latlfr

part of the vea* 1803, the Dif*

tricts in Ireland were augmented from Four to Eight.

From 9th July to 31 ff Dec. 1803. -Do — to iGth.

- Do - - to 24th.

The Number varying as the Service required.

In° Whitetocke,

Inspector General.

636

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

21# Februarii

continued.

ll ViR an<^ Number of the OFFICERS, and the Number of the Non-commissioned Officers, attached to the

ratabhfhnient of the Inspector General of Recruits, or employed under his Orders; together with the Expence of the fam*. for the year 1804. c»

fr-

ee

Q

X w

g*

c§

>>■§ / u \

a

Cj 31

c s

§ (

lufpeelor General and Commandant -Deputy inspector General and *id in Command -Affiliant Inspector -Fort Major, Adjutant, and Quartermaster -Chaplain -

Staff Captains * Adjutants -Afliffant Adjutaut -Affiffant Quartermaster -* Principal Medical Officer Surgeons -

Afliffant Surgeons -Paymaster -Deputy Paymaster -Serjeant Majors Quartermaster Serjeants -Drum Majors Staff Serjeants ^Clerks -

Commandant and Inspeding Field Officer Captain and Riding Master Adjutant and Quarter-master -

Paymaster -Surgeon -

Veterinary Surgeon Serjeant Major Quartermaster Serjeant -Trumpet Major Staff' Serjeants ^Clerks -

rDeputy inspector General and Commandant Second in Command Paymaster -Adjutant -Chief Physician and In-spedor of llospitals Surgeon -Apothecary -Deputy Purveyor -Serjeant Major Quartermaster Serjeants -Staff Serjeants ^-Clerks -

if

l!

c

A/ S

« —

Inspeding Field Officers -Adjutants -

Pay 1 naff e rs -Surgeons -

Staff Serjeants and Clerks Receiving Officers -

pj

«j

Deputy inspector Generals Inspecting Field Officers -Adjutants -Pay matters -Surgeons -Staff Serjeants and Clerks k Receiving Officers -

< ~ o

g y §

■Deputy inspector General

AiTiffant inspector General Superiutendunt of Clouth-

ing -

Law Afliffant ^Clerks -

Total -

X n H

S 0> O <£ Army of

/! O General Sendee; Reserve, and

tr. ~Z> U cr C 3 c - - in E •0 | u Recruiting. Additional Total 4

!o - j? SL 7i 3 c sc <r: 3 1 g 0 Force Duty.

|W -J 2

£■ t. d. £. S. d. £■ s. d.

1,012 5 —— - 1,012 5 —

! - 1 . - 366 — Am 36(1 —

183 — —* 7^ 5 ~ 259 5 —

574 to — - «74 10 —

1 - 91 10 — - 9* 10 —

- 689 6 — - 689 6 —

- - - 1 - - - 7» 4 — - 71 4 —

- - - 1 " - - 73 4 — - - 73 4 — 1

• - - 1 - - L * 54 18 — - 54 18 —

1 - 783 17 — A m «. 783 l7 —

1 - 9i 10 — - 91 10 —

3 - 411 15 — - 411 15 —

1 549 — — * 549 — —

" - - " 1 - 274 10 — - 274 10 —

2 63 13 4* - 63 13 4i

• - - " - •1 2 72 16 if . 72 16 4l

" " - - - 1 45 7 if 45 7 4*

" " - " " - - >5 589 — 7 i: - 4 - 589 7i

447 15 " 447 15 —

1 - * - 274 10 91 10 — 365

' - 1 * - - 266 >7 6 266 17 6

1 - 237 18 — 45 15 — 283 13 —

" " * 1 ~ 274 10 — 45 15 — 320 5 —

1 183 — — 45 15 — 228 15 —

1 - I46 8 — 146 8 —

" " - " - - 1 59 9 6 - 59 9 6

1 59 9 6 - 59 9 6

1 48 16 — - 48 16 —

- 7 301 »9 — - 301 19 —

' 2 172 7 7l ■* - - 172 7 7l

- 1 - - > - - _ - 3^6 - 366

* - - 1 - - - - 183 — — - 183 — —

1 - 183 — — - 183 —

* 1 " - 146 8 — - 146 8 —

1 - 73* — — - 732

* * " ~ " 1 - 183 — — - 183 — —

‘ 1 ~ - - " - 1 - 183 — — - >83 — —

1 - 183 — — - 1S3 — —

1 54 10 4t - 54 10 4f

■ r - " - - 1 54 10 4* - 54 10 4*

2 78 10 8 - 7« JO 8

- " 1 * 81 10 8 - 81 10 8

• 4 8 1 - 2,379 — — 1,189 10 — 3>5<58 10

- " - ~ - - 13’ 7*3 H — 594 »5 — 1,308 9 —

- ~ - " - 13 - 3,5^8 10 — 594 15 ~ 4*163 5 —

- * ~ - " - 13 2,379 — — 594 15 — 2,973 15 —

39 1,888 6 7f - 1,888 6 7J

■ r 5 3° - - * ~ - - 1,400 1,400 —

• 2 - - - 732 — — 366 i,«98

- 11 1 " ~ , - - - 2,iyfi — — 1,098 3,294 — —

* - - ~ " - iff - 878 8 — 732 1,610 8 —

■ ~ - * - - 1-2 - 3,294 — — 549 3,843 — —

‘ " - - " " - 1*2 - 2,196 — — 549 2,745 — —

40 >,93° »5 1,936 15

■ - 179 179

• - 1 -: - 134 5 — 134 5 •

241 10 — 241 10

20® 200 -

■ - - " - - - - 317 317 ‘ - ]

8 2 2 10 36 1 4 - 1 1 115 32,760 10 6* 9,044 19 — 41,805 - 62

Remarks.

The Numbers se{ inserted, varying as the Service required.

The Number rot known at the In-spetior General's Office in I»ndon. From 29th June to •24th December 1804.

Ditto - Ditto.

i t/HJ —, j~

her 1803 to 10th November 1804-

occasion

required.

Jn" Whitcbcke,

Inipedor General.

637

45 Geo. III*

Appendix*

RETURN of the Number of EFFECTIVE MEN added to the Army, engaged for General Service, between the lft of June »So4 and the lft of January 1805; distinguishing Cavaliy and InfantryAlfo, the Number of Volunteers from Limited for Unlimited Service; a* far at can be ascertained.

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

2i° Februa

continued.

Adjutant General's Office, aift February 1805.*

Railed for the Cavalry ......

- - - - Infantry ......

• - Regiments Abroad - -

• - by the Recruiting Staff ......

• - for the Four New Levies in Ireland ......

- by Officers Recruiting for Rank - * ......

■ for Colonel French’s Levy, exclusive of Casualties

Volunteers from Limited for Unlimited Service, as far as can be ascertained -

Total -

2,040

1,887

334

587

*>474 *54 3,*47

13,195

Harry Calvert,

A. C.

The Number of Recruits Ealifted for the Royal Artillery cannot be ascertained from the Returns in the Adjutant General's Office.

• The above Number of Men for the New Levies in Ireland, is taken from the Adjutant GeneraCs Return, dated 30th January 1805,

B ETUR N of the Number of M £ N Raided under the Army of Reserve Act; between ill January and agth June 1804.

Men Raised ...... - 5,'033

Volunteered General Service - 5,669

Infoeftor General's Office, 7 7 0 jrrL.

London, lift February 1805. j In tVhitelccke,

Inspector General.

RETURN of the Number of EFFECTIVE MEN added to the Royal Regiment of Artillery, engaged for General Service, and 22f Februarih

fervingin the United Kingdom; between lft June 1804 and lft January 1805*

Woolwich, February uud 1805.

Gunner Recruits. Gunner Driver Recruits. Totau

Royal Regiment of Artillery ----- 1,251 ... 1.251

Horse Brigade, and Brigade of Gunners and Drivers ... ... M4+

Total ... 1,25, ,»,44 3,395

The whole tf the above Men have been raised by Regular Recruiting Parties for General Service.

/. Macleod,

D, A. G. for the Artillery.

Vou&v

7z

638 1 Appendix. .' i A- .1803.

Appendix,

A RETURN, shewing the Number of EFFECTIVE MEN added to the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and labourers, for

22 Februarii, General Service, and serving in the United Kingdom, between id June 1804 and id January 1805 ;—via*

continued.

Recruited by the Officers commanding thrCanrpTniitS'of Roytd Military Artificers at the respective Stations - - 26.

-----— it Morjh,—

Lieyt. General Comn^anding the Corps*

1# Alartii. RETURN of the Number of RECRUITS Raised for. the Army 1 from the id of January 1804 to the id of February 18055

specifying the Numbers raised in each Month.

Adjutant General’s Office, id March 1805..

0 Railed in Raised in

For For Great Britain Ireland

Regiments Regiments for Regiments for Regiments

in in Abroad; ALroaJ;:' ■* 'Total. -

1804: Great Britain. Ireland* ,—- t H: 4r :i} :K . :,!T

And for General Service.

In January - - 440 480 »37 21 1,078

February - - 410 126 *9 76 681

March - - 279 101 3* * 71 CO -

April - - 400 104 44 67 *15

May - -350 - H)3 110. 35 v 688

June - - 341 219 49 68 r 677 1 •:

July - 3^9 210 5i 1 -751 •: ' * >y -*

Augud, - - 682 221 83 9° 1,076

September - 606 w 5* 873

October - - 1,052 109 77 35 M73

.: :. >■: .:'i \x

November - - i - - *34 127 >: ... r , 59 910

December - - - -SID 128 *71 17 87 6

Total during the Year 1804 - - 6,073 2,212 988 666 9,93 9

1805:

In January - - 637 145 39 39 860

Glnerai* Total - - 6,710 .2,357 1,027. 1 nrrTwnfni 705 i1 a jijiiTinilrrrti . 10,799 I. —f

Harry Calvert,

A. G.

III.

5®*

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

639

COPIES of all Circular L E T T E 11S addressed by any of His

of Counties, respecting the execution

Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State to His Majesty's Lieutenants of Acts 44 Geo. III. cap. 56. k 66.

No. I.

Copy of a Circular Letter from Lord Ilawkesbury to the Lieutenants gf Counties in England and Wales $ dated Whitehall, 3d July 1804.

(One Inclosure.)

My Lord, Whitehall, 3d July 1804.

I herewith transmit toyou aSchedule of the Levy Money directed by His Majesty to be allowed for each Man who ffiaUbe provided or raised under the accompanying Ad of this SeffioiT of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for establishing and maintaining a Permanent Additional u Force for the Defence of (the Realm, and to preside for augmenting w His Majesty's Regular Forces; and for the gradual Reduction of

a the Militia of England;*' together with the application and dif^ tribution thereof; and also directing the proportion thereof which each Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor Hull be entitled to receive for each Man produced by him for such Additional Force, pursuant to the twentieth clause of the said Act.

As these Regulations are to be observed and followed in the execution of the several Clauses of the within Act, to which they have reference, I am to desire that your Lordship wilt c.tull them to be made as public as poflitde; and I have \yith that view directed copies of them, and of the accompanying Ad, to he transmitted to the Clerks of the General and Stibdivision Meetings in your County.

I am, &c.

Haul rjlwry.

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

continued,

40 Marta.

Clauses 20, 22, 24*

(Inclosure in No. 1.) - - * ,

SCHEDULE of the LEVY MONEY directed by His Majesty to be allowed for each Man who Hiall be provided or raised " mider the Ad'of th& present, Session' of Parliament \cap. 56.).intituled, "An Act for establishing and ffiaijOtaijnng a Pormanvnt u Additional Force for the Defence gf the_ Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty’s Regular Forces; and for the gradual 44 Reduction of the Militia of England." ’ \ ,

1 DISTRIBUTION. For Recruits raised by Military Officers and Regiments. For Recruits -raised by Churchwardens and Parish Officers.

*'*' ' ' - . ' t £. s. d. £. d.

r On being attested - - - - In Money 2 2 — 2 2 * —

Bounty to the 1 On Approval by the Receiving Officer - - j [" ^faries'" * I I I Recruit: j c [On final approval ..... Ne°ceffaries ‘ -'111 2 2 — — 12 — 5 H " 2 2 — 2 2 — — 12 — 5 14 — 22 —

Total Bounty to the Recruit * ' ' r 12 12 — 12 12 —

C For attesting ----- o*efina^Appronv^PP^Val Reiving 0fR_Cer’ °_r < For Surgical Examination - - - - * For Postage, Stationary, &c. - — 1 — — 2 6 — 12 6 —

On final Approval, to the Churchwarden or Parish Officers 1 1 —

C Reward - - -To the Party, on final Approval - - - - 3 For eonduding the Recruit to the place of final ( Approval ----- 1 1 — — 5 — —

To be divided amongst the Out-Pensioners, who are retained on Full Pay at the place of assembly, and others forming the Receiving Officer's Party, for the care of the Man - 1 1 —

Total Levy Money - - £. 14 14 — H H —

By H. R. II. the Commander in Chief's Commands.

Horse-Guards, 29th June 1804.

(Signed) Harry Calvert, A. G.

N. B.—The Necessaries to be furnished under the orders of the Inspeding Field Officers of Districts, and Commanding Officers of Regiments,

Battalions, and Corps.

3. HI.

p. 66.

No. 2.

Copy of a Circular Letter from Lord Hawkesbury to His Majesty's Lieutenants of Counties in Scotland; dated Whitehall, 13th July 1804.

(One Inclosure.)

My Lord, Whitehall, 13th July 1804.

I herewith transmit to your Lordship a Schedule of the Levy Money directed by His Majesty to be allowed for each Man who shall be provided or raised under the accompanying Ad of this Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for establishing and maintaining a " Permanent Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to u provide for augmenting His Majesty's Regular Forces; and for the

" gradual Reduction of the Militia of Scotland together with the application and distribution thereof; and also directing the proportion thereof which the person appointed in that behalf shall be entitled to receive for each Man produced by him for such Additional Force, pursuant to the twenty-first clause of the said Act.

As these Regulations are to be observed and followed in the execution of the several clauses of the within Ad, to which they have reference, I am to desire that you will cause them to be made as public as possible; and I have, with that view, directed copies of them, and of the accompanying Ad, to be transmitted to the Clerks of the General and Subdivision Meetings in your County.

I am, &c.

Hawkesbury.

(Inclosure

Clauses 21, 23, 26.

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

4° Marts,

continued.

640

Appendix.

A. 1805.

(Inclosure in No. 3.)

SCHEDULE of the LEVY MONEY directed, by His Majesty to be allowed for each Man who shall be provided or __________

under the Act of the prefenfc Session of Parliament (cap. 66.) intituled, u An Act for establishing and maintaining a Permanent €i Additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty's Regular Forces; and for the gradual " Reduction of the Militia of Scotland."

DISTRIBUTION.

Recruit:

On being attested - In Money

On Approval by the Receiving Officer - f In Money \ In Necessaries

On final Approval - f In Money X In Necessaries

Total Bounty to the Recruit

f For attesting

To the Officer, on Approval by Receiving Officer, or 1P c . ,r ... on final Approval - - - - < For Surgical Examination

(For Postage, Stationary, &c. On final Approval, to the Heritors or their Agents ——

To the Party, on final Approval -

f Reward -

- - - < For conducting die Recruit to the place of final

( Approval -

To be divided amongst the Out-Pensioners, who are retained on Full Pay at the place of assembly, and others forming the Receiving Officer s Party, for the care of the Man -

Total Levy Money -

c

For Recruits raised by Military Officers and Regiments.

£• 1. d. £ t.

3 3 — 3 3 —

3 3 — 3 3

— 13 •— — 13 —

5 H — 5 >4

3 3 — 3 3 —

is la —

— 1 —

— 36

— 13 6

1 1

— 5

14 14 —

For Recruiti raised by Heritors or their Agents.

13 13 —

1 —

1 1 —

>4 »4 -

By H. R. H. the Commander in Chief's Commands.

Horse Guards, 10th July 1804. (Signed) Harry Calvert, A. G.

N. B.—The Necessaries to be furnished under the orders of the Inspecting Field Officers of Districts, and Commanding Officers of RegimenU,

Battalions, and Corps.

No. 3.

Copy of a Circular Letter from Lord Hawkelbury to His Majesty’s Lieutenants of Counties in England 'and Wales; dated Whitehall, 33d of August 1804.

My Lord, Whitehall, 33d August 1804. x

Referring your Lordship to my Circular Letter of the 3d of July, enclosing a Schedule of the Levy Money directed by His Majesty to be allowed for each Man provided or raised under the 44th Geo. II I. cap. 56. I have to request that you will, at your earliest convenience, inform me what steps have been taken in the County committed to your Lordship’s charge, with a view to the carrying into execution the provisions of that Act.

I am, at the fane time, commanded to signify to your Lordship His Majest/s pleasure, that each Recruit produced under that Act by Churchwardens and Parish Officers should be approved, as required by the 33d clause thereof, previous to his being attested; and that the Bounty of two Guineas, directed to be paid to him on such attestation, and the like sum on his being intermediately approved, should, be paid to him together in one sum, as soon as he shall have been both approved and attested, but not before; as cases have frequently occurred where Recruits, after having received the two Guineas directed to be paid to them on their being so attested, have deserted, or been rejected in consequence of being unfit for Service, by the Officer appointed by His Majesty, pursuant to the 33d clause of the Act above mentioned.

I have the honour to be, &c. &c. &c.

Hawkfsbury.

P. S.—With the view of enabling yonr Lordship to make this Regulation public with as little delay as possible, I fend enclosed several copies of this Letter, for the purpose of being transmitted, should you judge proper, to the General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenancy in the County under your charge.

No. 4.

Copy of a Circular Letter from Lord Hawkelbury to His Majesty's lieutenants of Counties in Scotland; dated Whitehall, 35th August 1804.

My Lord, Whitehall, 35th August 1804.

Referring your Lordship to my Circular Letter of the 13th of July, inclosing a Schedule of the Levy Money directed by His Majesty to be allowed for each Man provided or raised under the 44th Geo. Ill# cap. 66. 1 have to request that you will, at. your earliest convenience, inform me what steps have been taken in the County committed to your Lordship's charge, with a view to the carrying into executioD the provisions of that Act.

I am, at the same time, commanded to signify to your Lordship His Majesty's pleasure, that each Recruit produced under that Act by Heritors or their Agents, should be approved as required by the 25th clause thereof, previous to his being attested; and that the Bounty of two Guineas, directed to be paid to him on such attestation, and the like sum on his being intermediately approved, should be paid to him together in one sum, as foori as he shall have been both approved and attested, but not before: as cases have frequently occurred, where Recruits, after having received the two Guineas directed to be paid to them on their being so attested, have deserted, or been rejected in consequence of being unfit for service, by the Officer appointed by His Majesty, pursuant to the 35th clause of the Act above mentioned.

I have the honour to be,

&c. Ac. Ac.

Hawkesbury.

P. S. With the view of enabling your Lordship to make this Regulation public with as little delay as possible, I fend enclosed several copies of this Letter, for the purpose of being transmitted, should yoo judge proper, to the General and Subdivision Meetings of Lieutenant) in the County under your charge.

No. 5.

Copy of a Circular Letter from Lord Hawkelbury to the Lieutenants of Counties in England and Wales; 1 Whitehall, 30th August 1804.

My Lord, Whitehall, 30th August 1 8®f

On reference to the Act of 44th Geo. III. cap. 56. your Grace wi fee that all such half-parts or residues of Bounties to Substitutes 0 Volunteers in the Militia, or Army of Refeive, as are remaining © hands of the Subdivision Clerks or others, are, where such Sub shall have deserted or been discharged, directed to be paid by of the Secretary at War, to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parishe* which such men have been respectviely raised.

I have therefore to request your Grace to cause a correct State©

45 Geo. Ilf. Appendix. 641

;-T , to be made out without delay, by the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings

severally within the County of of all such sums remaining

3' in their hands, as well what are due to Substitutes actually serving, as

to those who have deserted or been discharged; distinguishing the names of such Substitutes, with the Parish for which they were raised.

I It will be necessary that such Statement shall be certified to be true,

I - by the Deputy Lieutenants assembled for any of the purposes of the

[: 44th of the King, cap. 56. to be then transmitted directly to the

[ ' War-Office.

‘ I am, &e.

Hau'kcsbury.

1 No. 6.

! Copy of a Circular Letter from Lord Hawkesbury to His Majesty's Lieutenants of the within mentioned Counties;

dated Whitehall, 19th September 1804.

My Lord, Whitehall, tgth September 1804.

Having as yet received no answer to my Circular Letter of the

23d August, in which I requeued that you would, at your earliell convenience, inform me what steps had been taken in the County committed to your charge, with a view to the carrying into execution the provisions of the Act of 44th Geo. III. cap. 56.;—I am under the necessity of calling upon your Lordship again for the above information, which 1 should wish to receive as early as possible.

I I am, &c.

Ha&kejbttry.

The Lord Lieutenants of the Counties of

Chester, York, East Riding, Worcester,

Cinque Ports, Bedford, Anglesea,

Cornwall, Derby, Carnarvon,

Devon, Hereford, . Denbigh,

Durham, Hertford, Flint,

Essex, Middlesex, Merioneth,

Hants, Northampton, Cardigan,

Lincoln, Nottingham, Pembroke,

Monmouth, Oxford, Brecon, and

Suffolk, Salop, Radnor.

Sussex, Wilts,

No. 7.

Copy of a Circular Letter from Lord Hawkesbury to His Majesty's Lieutenants of the within mentioned Counties; dated Whitehall, 19th September 1804.

My Lord, Whitehall, 19th September 1804.

Having yet received no answer to my Circular Letter of 25 August, in which* I requeued that you would, at your earlielt convenience, inform me what steps had been taken in the County committed to your charge, with a view to the carrying into execution the provisions of the Act of 44 Geo. III. cap. 66.;—I am under the necessity of calling upon your Lordship again for the above information, which I should wiffi to receive as^arly as possible.

I am, &c.

Hawkesbury.

To Lord lieutenants of the Counties of

Aberdeen, Inverness, Clackmannan,

ArgyB, Kincardine, Kircudbright, Dumfries,

Berwick, Kinrois,

Bute, Lothian, East, Lanark,

Caitlmefs, Lothian, Mid, Linlithgow,

Cromarty, Ross, Peebles,

Dumbarton, Sutherland, Perth,

Elgin, Fife, Wigtown, Roxburgh.

No. 8. 1

Copy of a Circular Letter from Lord Hawkesbury to His Majesty's Lieutenants of Counties in England and Wales; dated Whitehall, 25th September 1804.

My Lord, Whitehall, 25th September 1804.

As it is of the utmost importance to the Defence of the Country, that every exertion should be used to complete the Levy of Men to be raised for the Additional Force in the manner prescribed by the 44 Geo. III. cap. 56; and as considerable delays have, from various causes, taken place, it is my duty to call the attention of your Lordship, and, through your Lordship, that of the Lieutenancy of the County, to the geceffity of supplying, without delay, the force which is required of the County of by the above-mentioned Act.

It is distinctly to be understood by the Lieutenancy, that the number of Men to be raised, in the first instance, and until an apportionment shall be made by the Privy Council of the future number, is only the amount of the deficiencies and vacancies (fropn death, desertion, and discharge) existing in the Army of Reserve and the Militia; the amount of which, in regard to the Army of Reserve, will have been VOL. 60.

Appendix,

ascertained in the manner prescribed in the first nine clauses of the Ad; and, with regard to the Militia, in the usual mode of notification by (No. 15*) the commanding Officers of Regiments to the Subdivision Clerks. o

As, however, the time specified by the 20th clause of the Ad,

within which the number required to be raised in respect of such T continued. deficiencies and vacancies, is already expired, I have to acquaint V — . lvr your Lordship, and request that you will immediately communicate the same to the Deputy Lieutenants of your County, that the commanding Officers of the Regiments to which such Men are to be attached, will not receive orders to raise any Recruits to make good the deficiencies aforesaid, until the for the County of;

in which interval it is expected that the Parish Officers will leave nothing undone to discharge the duty required of them by Law, and which it should be explained to them to be their own interest, and that of the Parish, that they should perform; but at the expiration of v which time, if the full number of Men required shall not have been raised by the Parish Officers, the commanding Officers of Regiments will receive immediate authority to recruit for the deficiency; and in every such case, the Penalty will be forthwith assessed and levied upon the defaulting Parish in the manner laid down by the 33d clause of the Ad in question.

I have the honour, &c.

Hawkesbury.

No. 9.

Copy of a Circular Letter from Lord Hawkesbury to His Majesty's Lieutenants of Counties in Scotland; dated Whitehall, 25th September 1804.

My Lord, Whitehall, 25th September 1804.

As it is of the utmost importance to the Defence of the Country, that every exertion should be used to complete the Levy of Men to be raised for the Additional Force in the manner prescribed by the 44 Geo. IIL cap. 66; and as considerable delays have, from various causes, taken place, it is my duty to call the attention of your Lordship, and, through your Lordship, that of the Lieutenancy of the County, to the necessity of supplying, without delay, the Force which is required of the County of by the above-mentioned Act.

It is distinctly to be understood by the Lieutenancy, that the number of Men to be raised, in the first instance, and until an apportionment shall be made by the Privy Council of the future number, is only the amount of the deficiencies and vacancies (from death, desertion, and discharge) existing in the Army of Reserve and the Militia; the amount of which, in regard to the Army of Reserve, will have been ascertained in the manner prescribed by the first nine clauses of the Ad; and, with regard to the Militia, in the usual mode of notification by the commanding Officers of Regiments to the Subdivision Clerks.

As, however, the time specified by the 21ft clause of the Ad, within which the number required to be raised in respect of such deficiencies and vacancies, is already expired, I have to acquaint your Lordship, and request that you will immediately communicate the same to the Deputy Lieutenants of your County, that the commanding Officers Of the Regiments to which such Men are to be attached, will not receive orders to raise any Recruits to make good the deficiencies aforesaid until the for the County of; in which interval

it is expected that the Parish Officers will leave nothing undone to discharge the duty required of them by Law, and which it should be explained to them to be their own interest, and that of the Parish, that they should perform; but at the expiration of which time, if the full number of Men required shall not have been raised by the Parish m Officers, the commanding Officers of Regiments will receive immediate authority to recruit for the deficiency; and, in every such case, the Penalty will be forthwith assessed and levied upon the defaulting Parish in the manner laid down by the 35th clause of the Ad in question.

1 have the honour &c.

Hawkejmry.

| No. 10.

Copy of a Circular Letter from Lord Hawkesbury to His Majesty's Lieutenants of Counties in England and Wales; dated Whitehall, 17th October 1804.

I My Lord, Whitehall, 17th October 1804.

[ Referring your Lordship to my Circular Letter of the 25th' I ultimo, by which it was signified, that the period at which the Com-I manding Officer of the Regiment appointed to receive the Additional I Force for the County of would be directed to raise

I Recruits for such Additional Force, would be deferred until the 15th I of November, in order to give the fullcft opportunity to the Pariffiei I to supply their respective Deficiencies under the provisions of the Ad I of the 44 Geo. III. c. 56; I beg leave to suggest, whether it might I not materially conduce to acceleiate the progress of the Levy, that, in | all cases where there is reason to suppose the Rarishes not to be duly I apprized of the provision of the Ad in this behalf? they should bf I distinctly informed, that Sot every Man provided by the Church*

I 8 A *V*tit*

1

V

642

Appendix. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

4* Marl

continued,

wardens ot Overseers of the Poor, such Churchwarden or Overseer will receive the turn of One Guinea, exclusive of all charges; and that, for efcery man so found, no expence whatever will be defrayed by, or burthen imposed upon, the Parish; but in default thereof, for each Recruit raised by Officers of Regiments, the Penalty of Twenty Pounds will be levied upon the defaulting Parish by a Hate, made and Collided in the same manner as the Poor Rates.

It is conceived that, by such a comparative Satement, it will he made manifest to the Inhabitants how materially they will consult their own dun tag c by providing the men required of them by the

Act, within the time which I had the honour of signi tying to your Lordship by my Circular Letter of the 25th ultimo, was assigned to them for that purpose.

I have the honour, &c.

llaxckcjlury.

No. 11.

Copy of a Circular Letter from Lord Hawkelbury to Ills Majesty's Lieutenants of Counties in Scotland; dated Whitehall, 1 Sth October 1804.

My Lord, Whitehall, 18th October 1804.

Referring your Lordship to my Circular Letter of the 25th ultimo, by w’hicli it was signified that the period at which the Commanding Officer of the Regiment appointed to receive the Additional Force for the County of would be directed to raile

Recruits for such Additional Force, would be deferred until the 15th of November, in order to give the fullest opportunity to the Parishes to supply their respective Deficiencies under the provisions of the Act of the 44 Geo. III. cap. 66; I beg leave to suggest, whether it might not materially conduce to accelerate the prog refs of the Levy, that, in all cases where there is reason to suppole the Parishes not to be duly apprised of the provillon of the Act in this behalf, they should be distinctly informed, that for every Man provided by the Heritors or their Agents, such Heritor or his Agent will receive the sum of One Guinea, exclusive of all charges; and that, for every man so found, no expence whatever will be defrayed by, or burthen imposed upon, the Parish; but in default thereof, for each Recruit raised by Officers of Regiments, the penalty of Twenty Pounds will be levied upon the defaulting Parish, by an AIMment made by the Commissioners of Supply, in the manner in which such Commissioners of Supply are directed to make Assessments for the Relief of Families of Militiamen.

It is conceived that, by such a comparative Statement, it will be made manifest to the Inhabitants how materially they will consult their own advantage by providing the Men required of them by the Act,\vithin the time which I had the honour of signifying to your Lordship by my Circular Letter of the 25th ultimo, was assigned to them for that purpose.

I have the honour, &c.

Hawkesbury.

No. 12.

Copy of a Circular Letter from Lord Ilawkesbury to His Majesty’s Lieutenants of those Counties in England and Wales, from which the Lifts required by the 27 Section of 44 Geo. III. c. 56. had not been transmitted to the In-speel or General of the Army of Reserve; dated Whitehall, 21ft January 1805.

My Lord, Whitehall, 2ifi January 1805.

Having received information from the War-Office, that a List of the Subdivisions, Hundreds, and Parishes of the County of, made out in the manner directed by the 27th feftioji of the 44th of j His Majesty, cap. 56. and in the form in the Schedule to that Act j annexed, marked (E) has not yet been transmitted to the Inspector j

General of the Army of Reserve; in coiisequence of which fin Recruits raised by Regiments cannot be appropriated to the Aver.4 Subdivisions, Hundreds, and Parishes respectively; 1 beg leave to call your Lordship s immediate and particular attention to this umiHion and to requeil that your Lordship will give the ncrdiary directions that such a Lilt may he transmitted, without further delay, to the Inlpcftor General of the Army of Rel'erve, under cover to the Riga honourable the Secretary at W ar.

I aui, &c.

lluzkc/bury.

No. 13.

Copy of a Circular 'Letter from Lord Ilawkesbury to His Majesty's Lieutenants of those Counties in Scotland, trm which the Litis required by the sptli lection of the 44th cf llis Majesty, cap. 66. had not been transmitted to the Inspector General of the ^\rmy of Reserve; dated Whitehall 2ill January 1S05.

My Lord, Whitehall, 21ft January 1805,

Having received information from the War-Office, that a List of the Subdivisions, Hundreds, and Parishes of the County of made out in the manner diseded by the 29th lection of the 44th of 11 is Majest v, cap. 60; and in the form in the Schedule to that Ad annexed, marked (L; has not yet been trailfmittwd to the Inspecior General of the Army of Reserve, in cunfequmce of which the Recruits, raised by Regiments, cannot he appropriated to the feversl Subdivisions, Hundreds, and Parishes respectively; I beg leave to caH your Lordship’s immediate and particular attention to this omission, and to request that your Lordship will give the nccciVary directions that such a List may be transmitted, without further delay, to die Inspector General of the Army of Reserve, under cover to the Iliuht honourable the Secretary at War.

I am, &c.

.. Ilavlcsbury.

No. 14.

Copy of a Circular Letter from Lord Ilawkesbury to His Majesty's LieutenactU^f Counties in England and Wales; dated Whitehall, 18th February 1805.

My Lord, Whitehall, 18th February 1805.

The Inspector General having transmitted to the Magistrates, assembled at the lait General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, a Certificate of the Deficiencies and Vacancies then remaining to be filled up in the Additional Force in the County of purfoant

to the Act of the 44th Geo. III. cap. 56. left. 33; I have to requtft that your Lordship will obtain from the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions, or the Clerk of the Peace, a Statement, shewing whether tk Penalties for the Men so certified to be deficient, have been duly alleHed, upon the Parishes in. default; or in what instances, if, any, the fame has been omitted to be jioiic; and that you will be lb gqpd as to furnish me therewith.

It may be proper to apprize your Lordship, for the better information of the Parties concerned, and in order to prevent aqy del ay in the levying or payment of the Penalty, grounded on an expectation of its being hereafter remitted, or not required of them, that the above Act (left. 37) imposes a Fine of -double the amount of the Penalty, in case the fame is not atlftfed, levied, or paid within the times limited therein; which provision it will he the duty of His Majesty's Government to enforce^ in order to ensure the complete execution of the ineufure adopted by Parliament.

1 am, &c.

Whitehall, Havkcjbvty

4th March 1805.

J. II. Smyth.

RETURN of the Number of M E N Raised under The Defexck Act, since the last Return, dated the 4th of February i3os. f)* MOftlls Inspector General’s Office, 4th March 1805.

Numbers.

1 Kumber raised on the lit February 1805 * Number raised between the ad of February and ift of March 2,743 686

Totai* Number raised - 3>+29

' - In* Inspector General

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix

643

Appendix,

COPY of the CIRCULAR GENERAL INSTRUCTIONS from the Inspector General of the Army of Reserve, to the Perftms appointed by him to assist the Lieutenancy of Counties in the execution of Ad 44 Geoi 111. c. 5th

Inspector General's Office, 7

4th March 1805. J In* Whitelockc,

Inspector GeneraL

(No. 15.) 6* Martii,

continued.

4

•(Copy.)

Circular. tnfpcclor General’s Office,

London, 5th July 1804.

Sir,

By the Inspector General's directions, I have the honour herewith to transmit, for your information and guidance, the Act of Parliament for railing an Additional Force, and also the order, which by virtue of that Ad, authorizes you to attend the General Meetings of the Counties specified in the margin, for the purpol’e of ascertaining the deficiencies existing in their respective quotas for the Army of Re-serve, raised under the Act of the 43d Geo. III. cap. 82. in explanation of which, and other duties connected with the Ad, the following Returns and Papers are inclosed; viz.

No. 1. Copy of the Return sent to the Counties, and corresponding to Schedule (A) of the Ad.

No. 2. Returns from Officers who were employed under the late Ad, in receiving the Men enrolled iu pursuance thereof.

No. 3. County Regimental Rolls.

No. 4. Printed Circular Letter of the 14th July 1803, with the Return it covered.

No. 5. Regimental States.

No. 6. Returns of Casualties from Receiving Officers, &c. &c.

No. 7. Return of Men whole Discharges were not confirmed by the Deputy Lieutenants.

No. 8. Form of the Attestution to be used under the present Act.

No. 9. Description Return to be also used under the present Act.

The Returns, No. 1. are made out from the last and mod coned documents in this Office; they account for all the men who have been at any time received by the Reserve Regiments and Battalions exclusively appointed for the reception of the men of the Counties they respectively refer to, whence it is fair to infer, that any man not included therein, who may have been ballotted and enrolled, are casualties which the Counties have to replace; for if men who w ere at any time enrolled for the Army of Relerve, are not serving in any of His Majesty's Forces, and have never joined any Corps, though they might have been received at the places of assembly, it follows that such men mud have deserted, &c. and, as Deserters, leave the Counties responsible for them.—No. 2. Shews that such occunences were not unfrequent; they are Returns of the Men received at the different Nations by the Receiving Officers, and lent to the corps for which they were designed, being in figures, the General is aware they can be of no further ule than to establish the fad ltated, viz. that ihough jnany men might have been enrolled and taken to the receiving places, they dele) ted without joining any Corps, where alone any satis-fadory descriptions of them could be taken and preserved: should therefore the Return No. 1. prove unfutisiadfcory to the Meetings, the fads to be deduced from No. 2. will, it is hoped, remove any doubts which might be previously entertained.

Although in so novel, complicated, and rapid a measure in its effects as the Reserve Ad was, men were given up by the Civil Magistrates, and received by the Military Officers, without paying due regard to the Instructions contained in No. 4.; yet it is hoped the Regimental Rolls, No. 3, aided by the documents the Clerks of General Meetings arc supposed to poffiefs, will prove sufficiently clear to enable the Meetings to determine for what Subdivisions, Parishes, &c. the men are serving; I mean by their Returns of Men enrolled, for they cannot be at present in possession of records to enable them to ascertain with precision the Casualties to be accounted for in Schedule (C) as directed by the Ad.

No. 5. Are the lad Returns received from the Regiments and Battalions concerned, and give the application of their men.

No. 6. Are the Returns uf Casualties, from various quarters, to the fulled extent reported to the Inspector General; in them many names are repeated, which, if not previously observed and guarded against, may occasion some inconvenience.

No. 7. mod explicitly (hews that the men named in it were, in no one instance, wantonly or improperly discharged; the reasons assigned mud be sufficient to satisfy any impartial mind in the lead degree conversant with Military Service, of the indispensible necessity of the measure, thereby relieving not only the Corps from a great burthen, but the County from a very heavy useless expence.

In furnishing you with this information, the Inspector General desires you will not lose light of the Law, which determines that men so discharged are not legal Casualties, but leave it to the candour, good sense, and uniform loyalty of the Lieutenancy to replace them, which, indeed, the Inspector General flatters himself they will be diL poled to do on the face of the other Returns, without the necessity of your producing those I am adverting to, which are transmitted as private information, to be used as your discretion shall fugged.

Having thus detailed what appeals tiecefTary to the performance of the very important duty intruded to you, the General desires me to express his confidence, that your zeal for the good of His Majesty's Service, with that due regard to the just interests and rights of the Counties, will procure a fair and equitable adjustment of the vacancies to be replaced; nor is he less persuaded of the Meetings being uduated by similar laudable motives, and like yourself, be impartially guided by the real spirit and meaning of the Legislature, in a measure thus left to your mutual arrangement anddecilion.

You will be pleased to lose no time in fixing with the Clerks of the General Meetings whose names and addresses are in the margin, the most convenient days to admit of your attendance on all their Special Meetings, that you may know the General's communications on the

subject to those gentlemen; the letter for Mr.----- is enclosed, to

be forwarded when you have pended its contents. You will have the goodness to avail yourself of these Meeting*, to explain as much as lies in your power, the nature of the Military arrangements to be adopted in carrying this new Act of Parliament into died; you will state what are noted in the margin to be the Receiving places for the Counties (and should any disposition appear on the part of the Meetings to increase their numbers, you will combat that desire by enumerating all the mischiefs which that system produced during the late Ad) at each of which places an intelligent Officer, not under the rank of Captain, is to be ihitioned, under inltrudions from the Inspector General to be communicated through you, for receiving and taking charge of the men who may be raised, and to refuse such as are not conformable in age or stature to the Act of Parliament, as Well as such as may be deemed furgieally unfit by the Military Medical Officer, appointed to insped them under instiudious to be drawn up by the Surgeon General with reference to the Act of Parliament, and not founded upon the extensive and general duties General Service Recruits are subject to; the men will, as heretofore, continue until further orders to be polled to the Corps named in the margin.; And with a view to the most accurate description of their persons and places of residence, &c. it is to be requested that no Overseer or other person sent with men to the Receiving Officer, be ever without the means of giving the information required in the Return No. 9. which the Receiving Officer will be ordered to obtain before he takes charge of the men; and it is of much essential consequence that none but the Attestation, marked No. 8. be ever used. 'You will urge the Meeting to give all possible publicity to these important points, which, well understood and rigidly observed, will ensure such correct documents of the men, as at any future period, shall render their being called out in times of Peace as pradicable and easy as the men of the Militia, should such a measure be deemed expedient.

As keeping Counties divided between two Inspeding Field Officers would create much confusion in this measure, and render the attendance on the General Meetings of greater difficulty, the Inspector General has determined that in the operation of this Act the district shall consist of the Counties named in the margin, but this arrangement is to be confined to the duties required under this Act of Parliament, and not to interfere or create the fmalieft alteration in the Districts as Recruiting Districts, which, for that Service, continu* in every respect upon their present footing.

As soon as the Receiving Officers are appointed, their names, and the inflrudions under which they are to ad, shall be communicated to you. At present I have only to add, that in the execution of this important service, the Inspector General will be at all times happy to afford you every assistance in his power.

Be pleased to acknowledge the receipts hereof.

(Signed) P. Carey,

A. I. G.

(Copy.) Inspector General's Office,

London, 5th July 1804.

By virtue of the authority veiled in me by the Act of Parliament passed in the 44th year of His Majesty's reign, intituled, "An Act " for establishing and maintaining a permanent Additional Forco for u the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty's Regular Forces, and for the gradual reduction of the Militia " of England I do hereby constitute and appoint you to attend at the General Meetings of Lieutenancy to he held in and for the County named in the margin, for the purpose specified in the said Act; and you are hereby authorized to arrange with the Clerks of lieutenancies, or the Lieutenancies respectively, the day or days most convenient for holding such meeting.

(Signed) G. Hewett,

Inspector General,

Royal Army of Reserve.

644

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

6* Marti

continued.

1-----»

An ACCOUNT of the DEFICIENCIES in the several Regiments of MILITIA of Great II kit a in , at the present time.

6di March i8o,>

Corps.

Anglesea

Bedford -Berks

Buckingham -

Cambridge

Cardigan

Carmarthen

Carnarvon

Cheshire

Cornwall

- Miners Cumberland

Denbigh -Derby, ift Regiment . - - 2d - - D# -Devon, East -

- - North -

- - Sooth -Dorset

Durham -

Essex, East

- Whft -

- - Sooth -Hint -Glamorgan Gloucester, North

• - - South

Hants, North -

• - South - -'

• - IfleoHVlght. Hereford

Hertford -Huntingdon

Kent, East - - Weft

Deficiency.

*9

30

106 23

132

•28

32

11

201

60

35

162

7*

107 23 12 17 57 17 <54

43

61

23

50

57

33

27

142

3

*34

29

*3

227

3*5

Corps.

2*18

Brought up

Lancashire, id Regiment -

- - - 2d D*

- - - 3dD°

Leicester Lincoln, North

- South

- - 3d Regiment

Merioneth

Middlesex, East . - - Weft - - - Westminster

Monmouth and Brecon Montgomery -

Norfolk, East -. - Weft -

Northampton -Northumberland I Nottingham -

Oxford -

Pembroke Radnor -Rutland -

Shropshire, ift Regiment

- - - 2d - D#

Snmerfet, ift Regiment

- - - 2d - D*

Stafford, ift Regiment

- ad - D°

Suffolk, East

- Weft -

Surrey, ift Regiment

- - *d - D"

Sussex -

Deficiency.

- Mi*

113

144

40

4*

H4 1 9-t

16G

112

200

230

72

23

95

5*

9*

*94

86

125

19

3*:

2;

121

33

150 j

99

*5

116

50

34

46

179 1

156

5,623;

Corps.

Brought up -Warwick, ift Regiment -

- - - 2d - D® ...

Woftmorland Wilts, ill Regiment

- - *d - D° -

Worcester -

York, ill Regiment, Weft

- - 2d - D* - -

- - 3d - D* -

Yrork, North

- - Lull -

London, East

- - Weft

Tower Hamlets, lft Regiment ----- 2d

Aberdeen -Argyle, &c. -Ayr -

Berwick, Scc. -

Dumfries, &c. -

Edinburgh -Fife -Forfar, Sec. -Invemefs, See.

Kirkcudbright, &c.

Lanark ——

Perth -Renfrew -

Rosa ......

Total - -

Deficiency

5,6*3

80

35

33

118

54

42

46

143 *14

232

203

4®

2(>

144 28

137

59

33

4»

7

57

12

16

162

17

102

' 5* 21 /O 46

7,797

’ Martii.

General Agency Office for) VOLUNTEER CORPS,)

STATEMENT of the SUMS expended in Great Britain, for the VOLUNTEER SERVICE, between the lftday Attendance at Drill; Inspection; Permanent Duty; Drill Serjeants; Adjutants; Serjeants Major; Inspeding Field Officers;

description.

Attendance at Drill.

Contingencies.

cavalry -

f June Allowances -

August - Ditto

INFANTRY- 1 v

f Jane - Ditto August - Ditto

£• *• 73,340-----

27,840-----

38,773 10 — 125-----

Pay.

£. 140,078 10 —

£. *. d.

5,4*7 5 5 277 10 8

327,119 13 9 370,405 2 —

703,289 11 IO

Inspection; including Indemnification to

Owners of Waggons, at one Inspection.

c *■

40.3+4 * 3

Permanent

Duty.

£■ d.

,387,^23 19 1©

+0,344 3

387,223 19 10

Pay of Drill Serjeants.

£■ *• d-

20,314 16

33,547 »8

53,862 14 —

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix

645

ACCOUNT of the Number of MEN Deficient under The Army of Reserve Act, on the 29th day of June 1804.

Inspector General's Office, 4th March 1805.

Number of Men

Deficient.

ENGLAND and WALES 8,317

IRELAND 2,930

SCOTLAND 1,245

Total Number Deficient - - - 12,492

In° Whitelockc,

Inspector General.

Appendix, (No. 15.) 6° Mar

continued.

An A C C O U NT of the Expence of Anns, Accoutrements, Drums, and other Articles, and of Ammunition, issued for the Volunteer MdTtii,

Service in Great Britain, from 1ft June 1803 to lft January 1805.

Arms -Accoutrements -Drums, Trumpets, and Bugles Ammunition -

Office of Ordnance,* March 1805.

£• f. d.

647,198 6 6

154,107 6 10

6,655 7 6

37,972 — 11

845,933 l 9

Tho* Trigge.

/. M. Hadden.

JF. IF Pole.

C. AJJdey.

( Great George-street, Westmi after,

\ pth March 1805.

of June 1803, and the 1 ft day of January 1805; specif/in^ particularly bow much thereof has been applied to the following Heads; viz. Brigadier Generals; Majors of Brig.de; Aifics-du-Camp, Ac, and Clothing.

Serjeants Major. Inspecting Field Officers. Major and [)rigr Generals. Majors of Brigade. Aides-du- Camp.

Adjutants. Pay, Pod age. Stationary, and Forage. Pay, T 20th June t< ullage, and Stat lruin the 0 the -24th Sept •ionary, ;einber 1804. Clothing. j

, £■ *• £■ s. £■ <■ d. £. s. d. £. t. d. £. d.

9,955 4 1— 1,290 3 — 1 - . - - - io8,oi2 — — 1

657 535 ia 7 .32,896 f 7,849 11 2 1,103 19 8 511 9 6

9.52316 — 3,208 16 — 80,022 19 4

■ 18,045 —. 7,iS3 6 10 j - - - - . - 228,035 —

38,7s, — 12,217 18 5 32,896 7,849 11 2 1,193 19 8 511 9 6 416,069 19 4

Tot a l.

£• *• d-

1,834.31816

1,834,31816 —

Geo. Ho (fell,

G encral Agent.

130 Martii.

Vol, Co.

8 B

646

Appendix

A. 1805

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

continued)

n* Martii.

RETURN of the Number of EFFECTIVE MEN serving in the Regiments of M I LIT I A in Great Britain,

from the latest Returns.

Adjutant General's Office, 5th March 1805.

Royal Anglesea Bedford Royal Berks -Royal Bucks -Cambridge -Royal Cardigan Royal Carmarthen Royal Carnarvon -Royal Cheshire Royal Cornwall Royal Comity Miners Royal Cumberland Royal Denbigh Derby -

f,a -

land -

Devtn -

Dorset -Durham

Essex -

Royal Flints -

Fife -

Royal Glamorgan -Royal Gloster -

Hants

Hertford Hereford Huntingdon -

Kent

(East --< North t South

f East Weft . I South

f North { South

f North -< South £ lilt of Wight

Royal Lancashire

Royal Lanark Lsicester

f East -I Weil -

1 fl

2nd -

3rd -

182 468

779

919

625

35

605

190 *,191 958 289 806 463 943

405 781 776 736

629

710

611

593

617

293

750

584

772 96 8

641

433

91

727

685

236

554

*75

1,166

i,i35

1,230

1,080

97o,

Lincoln -Royal Merioneth

Royal Middlesex

Royal London -

C North -< South ( 3rd Royal

(East --< Weft -{ Westminster

C East -. {Weft -

Royal Tower Hamlets

Royal Monmouth and Brecon - - Montgomery

Norfolk -

Northampton Northumberland Nottingham -Oxford

Royal Pembroke

Radnor

Rutland

Shropshire Somerset -

Stafford -Suffolk

Royal Surrey -Sussex -

Warwick -Royal Westmorland

Wilts

Worcester

York

fEast -{Weft

-{i

2nd -

( lft -"{2nd -

f lft -

2nd -

fEast -{Weft -

{2nd -

f lft { 2nd

I 2nd

fEall -\ fist

< Weft 2nd

J 13rd

t North

TOTAJ,

574

586

552

190

1,148

863

833

, 59o 604

444

560

690

415

857

89+

i,e+2

824

S02

824

297

182

128

920

486

1,110

1,091

1,035

617

769

786

655

522

1,108

816

412

349

845

426

928

685

1,224

1A3>

1,160

1,202

59,998

Berwick Ross -Invcmefs Forfar -Kirkcudbright Renfrew Stirling Ayr

Argyll -

NORTH B R IT A I N:

663 || Edinburgh

728 II Aberdeen

1,008 II Royal Perth -

1,002 II Dumfries

407

6,5 1

679 I

<53

609 II 1

Total

General Total

-f

- 871

- 969

* - 759

- 9.918

59.998

69,9 j 6

Th hove Numbcff are the Rank and File of tl.c several Regiments, as the established Form of Regimental Returns does not a 3 distinguish the Corporals from the Privates.

Harry Calvert,

A O.

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

647

WEEKLY RETURNS of the Number of MEN Rmie.i under The A D D IT I O N A L FORCE ACT, from the ift of

February to the 5th of April 1805.

R F.TU II N of Meit Raised in ENCLA N D, under the Additional Force Act, passed on the 29th of June 1804.

Appendix

(No. 15.)

continued,

io* Aprilis.

It ■»

G

O

u,

COUNTIES from which the Regiments receive their Men,

3d London City

6th V Lanculter -48th)

5 th SuflTex

7th ?

51ft > \ ork, West Riding

53^ J

8ih \ork, North Riding

J Doric t

} Somerset -and v

40th.

10 th Essex -f lied ford 14th < Buckingham I Northuajptnn 15th York, East Riding

(Anglesey -\ Carnarvon -23d 2 Denbigh J Flint -

LMerioneth -

24th Warwick -« ( Cumberland ' [ Westmorland

28th Devon

C Huntingdon

30th < Leicester

£ Cambridge -

sift Chdhire -

32d Cornwall

30th Durham

38th Stafford

39th Shropffiire -

43d Worcester -

47th Norfolk

5'^th Gloucester -

f Hertiford

5*d < Oxford

£ Berks

56th Surrey

c-fl. $ Kent * *

•*; ( Cinque Ports

50th Derby

01 ft Northumberland

*5 *a Wilts

c3j Suffolk

, , , ( Hants

{ Isle of Wight

69th Lincoln

f Hereford

Sul < Montgomery

£ Radnor

8-2(1 Tower Hamlets

83d Middlesex -

C Monmouth

90th < Glamorgan

{_ Brecknock -

96th C Cardigan -x Carmarthen

/ Pembroke -

Total -

Inspector General’sOffice, 8th February 1805*

Number Inlilied. 1 Casuals. . Effe&ives. Alterations since the last Return, dated ill February 1805. —*

Iiy Parish Officers, vi C 6 s ’So ii ' Total. -a So 3 j3 ,0 Zi Dead. Del'erted. General Service. Limited Service. Total* Inhlled: Disc barged. 4 "T3 U V a Defected. Volunteers for General Service.

I S >0 By Regiments !

- 7 8 •5 - - 2 2 11 13 - 1 0 0 0 0

- 260 2 262 6 - 5<5 112 S8 200 5 1 - - 4 0

- 2 40 42 - 2 1 28 11 39 - 4 - 1 0 0

- 29 30 59 - - 8 9 42 5i - - - 1 0

- 1 1 - - - 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0

* 3 12 15 1 - - 4 10 H . 1 0 0 0 0

- 1 27 28 - * 1 1 26 27 - 6 0 0 0 0

- 9 8 17 _ - 1 7 9 16 - 1 0 0 0 0

- 8 1 i 19 - - - 8 11 »9 0 0 0 0 0 0

- - 12 12 2 - 1 - 9 9 - 2 0 0 0 0

- 13 - 13 - - 1 5 7 12 - 2

* - 9 9 - - 6 3 9 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 O 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 6 6 12 1 - 1 - 10 10 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 2 2 - - - - 2 2 0 0 0 0 0 0

- - 2 2 - - - - 2 2 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 36 33 69 3 - 9 9 48 57 - 2 0 0 0 0

- 5 15 20 - - 4 6 10 16 - 2 - V 1 0

- - 8 S - - 1 3 4 7 - 1 - - - 2

- 4 - 4 - - - 4 4 0 0 * 0 0 0 0

- 3 - 3 - - - - * 3 3 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 21 1 22 - - - 1 21 22 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 19 10 29 - - 2 17 10 27 - - - * 1 0

- 54 29 83 - - 9 37 37 74 - 3 - - 4 1

- 5 4 9 1 - 1 7 - 7 - - 1 " - 3

- 1 2 3 1 - - - 2 2 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 13 37 50 1 - 3 12 34 46 - 2 - - 1 0

- 1 2 3 - - - - 3 3 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 13 35 48 2 - 2 4 40 44 1 0 0 0 0 0

- 39 8 47 1 - 8 3 35 38 1 0 0 0 0 0

- - 1 1 - - - - 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 53 3 5 13 7 0 34 36 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 13 22 35 - " 5 5 25 30 - 2 ~ " 1 4

_ _ 2 2 _ - - _ 0 2 - 1 0 0 0 0

- 4 15 19 - - 5 - H H - 3 - - 3 0

I " 1 9 10 19 1 4- - H H - 3 0 0 0 0

3l 34 3 - 13 39 10 49 - 2 - - - 1

- 1 11 3 H 4 - 7 1 2 3 0 0 0 0 0 0

- - 2 2 - - - 1 1 2 - 1 0 0 0 0

- 2 18 20 1 - 6 1 12 33 - 4 0 0 0 0

- 6 - 6 - — 3 - 3 3 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 6 33 39 3 - - 7 29 36 - 1 0 0 0 0

- - 10 10 1 - 2 - 7 7 0 0 0 0 0 0

- - 8 8 1 - - - 7 7 - 1 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 29 7 36 1 - - - 35 35 - 1 0 0 0 0

12 3 15 1 _ 1 _ 13 33 2 0 0 0 0 0

- 1 1 - - - - 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 70 12 82 - - 15 H 53 67 7 0 0 0 0 0

_ 11 1 12 - - 5 5 2 7 - 1 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

_ 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 3 6 9 - - - - 9 9 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 j 0 0 0 0 0 0

- , ®*3 544 >,357 48 2 184 356 767 >,123 1 16 46 1 1 16! 33

64S

Appendix.

A. 1805,

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

RETURN of My 1 Railed

1 It r.LA N I>, under tl:e Additional Force

A v r p,tdod on the 14th of July 1804.

Inspefctor General's Oilice, 8th February 1805.

10-

contmucd. v__________ t

o

o

u

g

‘Eb

0)

K

COUNT! E S from which the Regiments receive their Men.

C Donegal

i!lhW,d.r? -

C Antrim f Fermanagli

£ Down * f Kildare Wicklow -. J Carlow -

Wh\ Westmeath

I King's County -^Queen's County -

07 th

58th J Cork County £ Kerry \

Dublin City Dublin County -Roscommon Longford -Meath r Tipperary -87th < Galway £ Clare s Cavan 1 Louth 88th J Leitrim J Sligo ^Mayo / Wexford -V Kilkenny -80th J Waterford -j Limerick City Limerick County

Total -

(j

Number Inlisted. Casuals. | Effectives. Alterations since dated ill Fe the 1 bruar art Return; y 18«5-

«3 S O e cs v} By Regiments. < H O Disc liarged. 3 I 0; Ji I <0 r> £ > 0 0 a> C1 £ 0 > 0 C/3 j j 1 O H j Inlil — o? 2 5 u >■ led. cr. ‘Eh >> po , a Q 0 0 Q V olunteers for General Service.

29 _ 29 - _ 0 " I - 27 ' 27 O 0 0 0 0 0

25 " 25 - - 12: - 13 J3 O 0 0 0 0 0

52 _ 52 1 - 7 j - 44 44 O 0 0 0 0 0

69 - 69 - - 3 - 66 r ^6 O 0 0 0 0 0

61 1 6l . - - 6 ! - 55 55 O 0 0 0 - O 0

l _ _ I * _ - ! - 1 1 1 O 0 0 0 0 0

I 95 * 95 - 11 - 84 84 O 0 0 0 0 0

_ 64 - 64 - - 5 - 59 59 O 0 0 0 0 0

23 - 23 1 - 8 - H H O 0 0 0 0 0

_ 11 _ 11 1 - 2 - 8 8 O 0 0 0 0 0

_ 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 O 0 0 0 0

_ 15 - 15 - - 4 - 11 11 O 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

6 _ 6 - - - | - 6 6 0 0 0 0 0 6

_ 52 - 52 - - 9 - 43 l 43 * 0 0 0 0 0 0

1 53 - 53 - - 11 - 42 42 0 0 0 0 0 0

8 - 8 - - - - 8 1 8 0 0 0 0 0 0

_ 125 - 125 - 1 16 - J08 108 0 0 0 0 0 0

_ 98 - 08 - - 19 - 79 79 0 0 0 0 0 0

_ 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

12 _ 12 - - * - 10 10 0 0 0 0 0 0

_ 12 _ 12 1 - 3 - 8 8 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 31 - 31 - - 4 - 27 27 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 12 - 12 1 - 3 - 8 , 8 I 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 7 - 7 - - - - 7 7 t 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 108 - 108 - - 12 - 96 9<5 ! 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 7 - 7 - - 2 - 5 5 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 51 - 51 - - 0 ’ - 49 49 0 0 0 0 0 0

- <55 - 65 - - 7 - 58 58 ! ° 0 0 0 0 0

- 9 - 9 - - 3 - 6 C 0 0 t> 0 0 0

- *4 - - 24 - - 10 - H 14 I 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 20 - 20 1 - 8 - 11 11 ! O 0 0 0 0 0

- 36 - 36 1 - 4 - 3i 3i 1 ° 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 I O 0 0 0 0 0

- j 1,181 - 1,181 7 1 175 - l 99& 0y8 0 0 0 i °" 1 - -

N B. No Weekly Return arrived from Ireland for this Week.

RETURN of Men raised in SCOTLAND, under the Additional Force Act pallid the 10th of Ji lv 1804.

Inspector General's Office, Sth IF Ih u.tv 1S03.

* N. B. The Weekly Return from Ireland not received.

Total Inlisted this Week -

'Lanerk 55 9 64 . _ 5 1 >3 46 59 1 ! 2 ! 0 _ _ 1 _ 2

Wigton - - 4 - 4 - , - I ‘ 4 4 0 0 0 0 0

7s I Dumfries - _ - 0 0 0 0 0 0 ° 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

>A Kirkcudbright - - 42 - 4* 1 - 5 1 25 36 - - - - 1 b

A Selkirk - - - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

a Roxburgh . - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

2lfl | i Renfrew [ Air - - - 71 } 1 11 7 82 18 / _ 7 1 9 3 59 H 63 17 7 3 0 0 0 0 1

| ( Edinburgh City - - ~ *2 2 - - - 1 1 2 0 0 0 0 0 0

Edinburgh County - 0 0 0 <1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

26th s 1 Linlithgow - - - 1 1 - - - - 1 1 - 1 b 0 0 0

1 Peebles - - - 1 1 - - - - i 2 0 0 0 0 0 0

I Berwick - - 1 - 1 - - - - 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0

C Haddington - - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

I r Ross - - I 1 2 3 - - - - 0 0 3 0 0 0 0 0 0

4"d < J Cromarty - - - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

I Sutherland - - 4 - 40 - - - - 4° 4° 1 0 0 0 0 0

1 [.Caithness - - - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

f Stirling - - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

\ Dumbarton - - 7 3 10 - - - 3 7 10 0 0 0 0 0 0

71ft. I Fife - - - 1 - 1 - - - - 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0

J Kinross - - 0 0 0 0 ! 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Q 0

{ Clackniannon - - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

7"d Aberdeen - - - 2 42 4 - - - - 4 4 0 0 0 0 0 0

73d S Kincardine - - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 9 0

C Forfar - 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

( Bute - - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

9 tit ? Argyle i ( Pei lb - - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- ~ - 3 3 - - 1 - 2 2 0 0 0 0 0 0

f Nairn - - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

9'id J Elgin - " - 1 1 - - - - 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0

\ Inverness - — ~ 3 1 4 " - - - 4 4 0 0 0 ! 0 0 0

C Banff (3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

Tota l Scotl 1 IN D - •238 43 281 8 ° i19 i 40 214 254 3 11 0 0 1 3

* IK£LA > Eng la; i> - - j.181 - 1,181 7 1 *75 0 op8 998 0 0 0 0 0 0

ND " j 813 544* L L357; 48 21 [18+ 1356 767 1,123 1 1(5 46 1 1 16 13

— Gekeral Total - j 2,232 587 2,819 i«3 3 378 j 396 *>979 2,375 !19 57 1 1 Lji

76

Jii- Ji F.iFAUt General Aimy of IF.lt. r-e.,

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

549

RETURN of Men Railed in ENGLAND, under the Additional Force Act passed on the 29th of June 1804.

______ Inspector GeneraTa Office, 15th February 1805.

Number Inlisted.

Casuals.

• 0 0 from which £ Inlilted:

u d .4 I

0 5 a % the Regiments receive their £ 0 a i2 a <u J *5b ■4 < H c° -d 0 E 0 CO u > L 0) co •j Ctt on q <u £ <v -d Volunteers for General

d ’5b V Men. c3 X cT X H d *a & T3 ri a> L 2 u c 'TJ a 13 < h O H I u i d e '5b i* X S r& 1 V +-> Urn Service.

X X X 5 Q Q 6 a° X 5 CJ> 0 Qi Q * 1

3^ 4th London City ) - 7 8 15 - - 2 2 11 13 O 0 0 0 0 0

6th 48th. > Lancaster - - 260 5 265 6 - 5<5 112 91 263 - 3 0 0 0 0

5 th 7th' SulTex - * ) - 2 41 43 * - 2 1 28 12 40 - 1 0 0 0 0

>■ York, West Riding - 30 30 60 - - 10 9 41 50 1 - ■* - - 2 0

8th York, North Riding - 1 1 - _ 1 1 O 0 0 0 0 0

Somerset - * and > ,x f . 4othjDorset »- * * 3 1 12 3* 15 33 1 * 1 4 1 10 31 H 32 O 0 5 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

loth Essex - 9 9 18 - - 2 10 6 16 - 1 - . - 1 3

t4th^ Bedford Buckingham ,* - 8 11 12 19 12 2 - 2 8 11 8 19 8 O 0 0 m 0 0 0

( Northampton a 13 & 13 _ 1 7 12 O 0 0 0 0 0 n

15th \ ork, East Riding r j. 9 9 - - 6 / 3 9 O 0 0 0 ( i 0 ># 0

( "Anglesey - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 n

53^ 1 Carnarvon - -Peubigh -Flint - - . w Merioneth * ' - - 0 6 0 ’3 2 2 0 19 2 2 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 17 2 2 0 17 2 2 O O O 0 7 0 0 0 O 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 v 0 0 0 0

«4th 95th | 28th Warwick -Cumberland Westmorland Devon r r 36 5 4 a 8 70 21 8 4 3 - 9 8 2 9 8 3 49 5 3 4 5* 13 6 4 O 1 1 0 0 0 1 4 1 0 0 2 ' 0 0

< Huntingdon 3 _ 3 _ 3 3 O 0 0 0 0 0

30th < Leicester - - 21 1 22 - _ _ 1 21 22 O 0 0 0 0 0

( . Cambridge - 19 11 30 - - 3 *7 10 27 - 1 0 0 0 0

31ft Cheshire - - 55 30 85 _ 8 39 33 77 1 1 r 2

32d Cornwall - - 6 4 10 1 _ 1 7 1 8 1 0 0 0 0 0

36th Durham - - 2 2 4 1 . _ 3 3 1 0 0 0 0 0

38th Stafford - - *3 42 55 1 - 3 17 34 51 - 5 - > - 5

39th / Shropshire * - 4 cS 6 - - 6 6 3 0 0 0 0 0

43d Wordefier - - 16 44 60 2 2 8 48 5 3 9 _ _ _ 4

45th { Nottingham Rutland - - _ 39 8 1 47 1 1 - 8 3 35 1 3i 0 0 0 0 . 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

47th Norfolk - " 53 3 55 13 - 7 2 34 36 0 0 0 0 0 Q

50th Glolicester a - 13 29 4^ _ 5 8 29 37 _ 7 _ 3

s Hertford - I - 2 2 - 2 2 0 0 0 0 0 0

52d< Oxford 4 16 20 1 . 7 12 12 1 1 _ 2 O

( Berks 10 12 2-2 1 - 5 - 16 16 1 2 - - 1 O

56th Surrey " 31 36 67 3 13 39 12 5i _ 2 0 0 0 0

57th { Kent . Cinque Ports _ I " 1 11 4 2 15 2 4 - 7 1 2 1 2 4 1 - 1 " - 1 1 O

59th Ddfby - * - 2 18 20 1 - 8 1 10 11 - - - - 2 O

61ft Northumberland - 6 1 7 3 4 4 1 0 0 0 0

6ad Wilts , - > 6 36 4^ 3 _ 3 7 29 3^ - 3 - - 3 O

63d Suffolk " . - 11 1 I 1 - 2 8 8 - 1 0 0 0 0

66th j Hants lile of Wight - 0 10 0 IO O 1 0 m d O 0 0 9 0 9 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 O

69th Lincoln * *9 7 36 1 - - 35 35 0 0 0 0 0 0

c Hereford - - 13 3 l6 1 _ 1 _ *4 H 1 0 0 0 0 0

8tA^ Montgomery - I 1 1 - - - - 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0

I Radnor - j 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 dO 0 0 0 0 0

82d Tower Hamlets - - ! 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

83d Middlesex - - * j 75 13 88 - ! - 20 14 54 68 5 1 - - 5 0

C Monmouth 90th < Glamorgan: | 11 0 1 0 12 0 0 0 4 0 5 0 3 0 8 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

Brecknock - - t 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 ' Q

( Cardigan - _! 6 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

96th < Carmarthen - 1 3 11 14 - - 1 4 9 13 - 5 - - 1 4

( Pembroke - - 1 1 2 - - - 2 2 1 1 - - 2

Total - " 1 831 606 »,437 49 2 207 382 797 i,»79 18 62 1 - 25 26

Effectives.

Alterations since the last Return. Dated 8th February 1805.

Appendix, (No. i5.) 100 Aprilis, continued.

County of Chester - i Man from Desertion. County of Monmouth I D# - - D°

| N. B. These Casualties are not included in the Occurrences of the Week.

8 C

650

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

io* Apr

continued.

RETURN of Men Railed in I R E L A N Plunder the

*9

Additional Force Ad parted on the 14th of July 1804.

Inspector General's Office, 15th February 1805.

o

c

&r

C

‘3a

COUNTIES from which the Regiments receive their Men.

f Donegal -0lL ) Londonderry 18 th < Tyrone I -

(_ Antrim C Fermanagh . J Mouaghou 27th ) Armagh - -

£ Down ("Kildare 1 Wicklow -J Carlow *4th \ Wetlmeath

I Kings County -(Queen’s County of Cork City 58th < Cork County ( Kerry f Dublin City \ Dublin County -tSjth < Rofcoramon

J Longford -

V. Meath C Tipperary -^7th < Galway ( Clare ( Cavan 1 Louth 88th < Leitrim J Sligo V Mayo {Wexford -\ Kilkenny -•pth / Waterford -J Limerick City (^Limerick County Total

Number Inlisted. Casuals. Effectives. Alter D ations fmee the lass Uettn u. fated 8th February 1805.

By Parish Officers. By Regiments. Total. Discharged. Dead. Defer ted. | General Service. Limited Service. J H C H fnlilled. Ui & 5 Dead. Deserted. Volunteers for General Service.

— Vi L l~> -j 3Q By Regiments.

35 _ _ 35 _ - 5 - 30 30 6 - - - 3 0

26 «. _ 26 - - *3 - *3 13 1/ 1 0

<53 . *>3 1 - 7 - 55 55 11 0 0 0 0 0

84 . _ 84 _ - , 6 - 7$ 78 1.5 * " "■ - 3 0

69 69 - - 6 - 3 63 8 0 0 0 0 0

1 2 3 - . - - 3 3 - O 0 0 '0 / 0

105 m - 105 - - i i - 94 94 10 0 0 0 0 0

65 7 72 1 - 5 - 66 66 l 7 1 0 0 0

25 25 1 - 12 - 12 12 2 " ~ " 4 0

11 11 1 - 2: 8 8 O 0 a 0 0 0

0 °. 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 '

15 15 - - 4 - 11 11 O 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

S 8 - ( 0 - 6 6 , 2 - - 2 0

66 . , 66 1 - 12 - 53 53 14 - 1 3 0

86 . _ 86 - 1 24 - 61 6i 33 " * 1 13 0

10 - - 1 - 9 9 0 ~ - •_ 1. 0

125 _ 125 - 1 J6 - 108 108 0 0 0 0 0 0

98 98 - - 19 < 79 79 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

13 _ 13 - _ 2 - 11 11 1 0 0 0 0 0

23 - 23 1 - 3 - 19 19 11 0 0 0 0. 0

33 - 33 - - 4 - 29 29 2 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 6 0 0. 0 0

1 J5 - 15 2 - 4 - 9 9 3 - 1 - 1 0

8 s _ 8 - - - - 8 8 1 0 0 0 0 0

123 _ 123 - - , 12 - ill 111 15 0 0 0 0 0

8 - 8 - - 3 - 5 5 - - - l- 0

59 - 59 - - 2 - 57 57 8 0 0 0 0 Q "

68 - 68 1 - 9 - 58 58 3 r 1 2 o‘

11 - 11 - - 5 - 6 6 2 - -- -« 2 0

24 - 24 - - 10 - H >4 0 0 0 0 0 0

20 - •20 1 - 7 - 12 12 0 0 0 0 0 0

4l - 41 1 - 5 - 35 35 5 - - - 1 0

1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

'.338 9 K347 1 "1 1 211 - 1,123 {1,123 t *57 9 4 I 1 11 , 57 0

County of Waterford—1 Man !rom Desertion.

RETURN of Men Raised in SCOTLAND, under the Additional Force Act passed the 10th of July 1804.

Ini’pcolor General's Office, 15th February 1805.

O

CA

21 It j •6th

Lanerk Wigton Dumfries -Kirkudbright Selkirk - ->

Roxburgh Renfrew -Air -

Edinburgh City -Edinburgh County Linlithgow Peebles Berwick

Haddington

( Ross -. j Cromarty -\ Sutherland LCaithness -("Stirling \ Dumbarton 7 lft < Fife -J Kinross

CCJackmannon 7 2d Aberdeen -^ , f Kincardine '3fl \ Forfar f Bute 9ift< Argyle I Perth r Nairn , 1 Elgin - "f } Inverness -C Bantf

Total Scotland Irelax d England

General Total

53 12 7° s 6 14 48 62 3 3 2 _ 1 1

- 0 3 5 - - - | - 5 5 - 1 O 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

42 - 42 1 ‘ - 5 11 25 30 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

_ 0 0 0 0 0 0 j 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- ?i 12 83 7 - 7 9 60 69 - 1 O 0 0 0

- 13 8 21 - - 1 3 17 20 2 1 O 0 0 0

- - 3 3 - - 1 2 3 - 1 O 0 0 0

- 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 1 - 1 1 - - - - 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0

-1 - 1 1 - - - - 1 1 0 0 0 0 0

" 1 - 1 - - - - 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0

-'1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 1 1 2 3 - - - - 3 3 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 40 - 4° - - - - 4° 40 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0, 0

- H 3 17 - - - 3 14 17 7 0 0 0 0 0

- 1 - 1 - - - - 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 2 4 - - - - 4 4 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- - 2 2 - - - - 2 2 - 2 0 0 0 0

• - 3 3 - - 1 - 2 *2 0 0 0 0 0 0

" 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 O 0 0 0 0 0 0

- ] 1 1 - - - - I 1 0 0 0 0 0 3

3 1 4 - - V * 4 4 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 248 54 3°2 io - 20 A1 231 272 12 9 2 _ 1 1

- •.338 9 L347 11 2 211 - 1,123 1,123 j 157 9 4 1 37 0

" 83* 606 M37 49 2 207 382 797 1.179 18 62 1 - 25 26

- 2,417 659 3,086 7o 4 438 423 2,151 *.574 is? ! 80 7 1 63 27

Total lulifted this Week - - 1 V- 267

Ju 0 Whit dock e, Inspector General Army of Reserve

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

651

RETURN of Men laised in ENG LA N D, under the Additional Force Act passed on the 29th of June 1804.

o

Ui

3

S

'So

a>

a;

COUNTIES from which the Regiments receive llieif Men.

3d London City 4th )

6th >Lancaster -48th )

5th Sussex 7thJ

51ft > York, West Riding 53<0

8th York, North Riding

midi ^omer^t -

- -

30 th Ettex

( Bedford 14th <. Buckingham [ Northampton 15th York, East Riding

C Anglesey -\ Carnarvon -2$d< Denbigh -i Flint (^Merioneth

24 th Warwick -f Cumberland *5tn I Westmorland -38th Devon -

f Huntingdon 30th v Leicester -L Cambridge

31ft Cheshire $2d Cornwall -36th Durham -38 th Stafford 39th Shropshire -

43d Worcester -

47 th Norfolk

50th Gloucester -

( Hertford -

5-d Oxford

( Berks

56 th Surrey

57th C Kent \ Cinque Ports

59* Derby

61ft Northumberland

6id Wilts

6yd Suffolk

6/3 th C Hants I ltte of Wight

69 th Lincoln

8 j ft f Hereford -s Montgomery

( Radnor

8ad Tower Hamlets

*3<J Middlesex -

goth C Monmouth J Glamorgan

f Brecknock

f Cardigan -96th Carmarthen ( Pembroke -

Total

County of Oxford—1 Man from defection.

Nuj nber Inlisted. Casuals. Effectives. 1/ - -.1 Alterations since the iaft Return. Dated 15th February 1805.

1 By Parish Officers. By Regiments. Total. 5 Dead. Deserted. General Service. Limited Service. Total. Inlilted: Discharged. Dead. Deserted. Volunteers for General Service.

By P. Officers. M 1 a Uj © 5*

• 7 8 15 - - 2 2 11 13 0 0 0 x 0 0 0

266 7 273 6 - 58 112 97 209 6 2 - - 2 0

2 45 47 2 4 29 12 41 - 4 - - 3 1

3* 3o 6, - - 11 9 42 5i 2 - - - 1 0

- 1 - - - - 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0

3 18 21 1 - - 4 16 20 6 0 0 0 0

1 34 35 - 1 1 33 34 - 2 0 0 0 0

9 9 18 - 2 10 6 j6 0 0 0 0 V O 0

8 11 19 - - 1 8 10 18 _ m _ 1 0

- 53 53 2 - 4 - 7 7 - 1 - - 2 0

13 - L3 - - 1 5 7 12 0 0 0 0 0 0

9 9 - - 6 3 1 9 t 0 0 0 0 0 O

0 0 0 0 - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0* 0 0

0 0 0 0 - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0' 0 0

6 53 19 1 - 1 - 17 17 0 , 0 0 0 0 0

" 2 2 - - - - 2 2 0 'O 0 0 0 0

2 2 - - - 2 2 0 0 0 0 0 0

37 35 72 3 9 17 43 60 i I m _ - 8

6 16 22 - - 8 8 6 14 1 0 - - 0

- 9 9 - - 2 4 3 7 - 1 - - - 1

4 4 - " 4 4 0 0 0 0 0 0

3 - 3 - - - - 3 3 0 0 0 0 0 0

21 1 22 - - - 1 21 22 0 0 0 0 0 0

19 12 35 * . 3 r 18 10 28 0 1 - - - - 1

56 3<5 92 - - 8 39 45 84 1 6 0 0 0 0

6 4 10 1 - 1 7 1 8 0 0 0 0 0 * 0

2 2 4 1 - - - 3 3 0 0 0 0 0 0

13 47 60 1 - 3 17 39 5<5 - 5 0 0 0 0

6 4 10 1 - - 9 9 2 2 l 0 0 0

17 50 67 2 . 2 13 50 63 1 6 - - - 5

40 8 48 1 - 8 3 36 39 1 0 0 0 0 0

• 2 2 - - - - 2 2 - 1 0 0 0 0

54 3 57 13 - 7 2 35 37 0 0 0 0 0

13 32 45 - 5 12 28 40 - 3 - - - 4

- 3 3 - - - - 3 3 - 1 0 0 0 0

4 16 20 1 - 6 - 13 *3 © 0 0 0 0 0

10 12 22 1 - 7 - 14 14 - - - - 2 0

36 67 3 - 13 39 12 5i 0 0 0 0 0 0

11 4 15 4 - / 2 2 4 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 2 2 - - 1 1 - 1 0 0 0 0 0 0

2 20 22 1 - 8 1 12 13 - 2 0 0 0 0

6 1 7 _ _ 3 4 4 0 0 0 0 0 0

6 39 45 4 - 3 7 31 38 - 3 1 0 0 0

- 11 11 1 - 2 - 8 8 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 12 12 1 _ . 11 11 . 2 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 to 0 0 0 0 0 0

29 9 S3 1 - _ - 37 37 - 0 0 0 0 0

55 3 18 1 . 1 _ 16 16 2 0 0 0 0 0

1 - 1 - - - - 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Q

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 O

77 H 95 - - 22 H 55 69 2 1 - - 2 0

11 1 12 - - 4 5 3 8 0 0 0 0 0 O

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 O

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 Q

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 O

3 15 18 - - 3 5 10 15 - 4 - - 2 1

1 1 2 - - - 2 - 2 0 0 0 0 0 O

851 662 17513 51 2 221 4°3 836 1,239 20 56 2 - 15 21

71 5

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

10° AprilAy

continued.

lli.i

652

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix^ (No. 15.) 10° Aprilis,

continued.

RETURN of Men Raised in IRELAND, under the Additional Force Act passed on the 14th of July 1804.

Inspector General's Office, <*2d February 1805.

COUNTIES Number Infilled. Casuals. Effectives. Alterations since the lull Return. Dated 15th February 1805,

■ infilled:

0 from which u aJ

0 CJ *3 0 <5 a (U £ 0 -0 u A Volunteer!

<*- 0 tn C to J bO to the Regiments receive their Men. g § to V PS >> Total. Discharged. -a 03 to r> Deserted. *> L V C/D 13 to c to > to cn ~o J > 0 H £ ^ q= ►O By Regimen Discharged. Dead. Deserted. for General Service.

1 " Donegal 3<5 - 3 - - 5 - 31 ~| l 0 0 0 0 0

18th 1 Londonderry | Tyrone -[ Antrim - 26 67 — 26 67 1: 13 8 *3 58 13 58 i 0 4 0 0 0 0 1 0 0

1 - 9* - 02 - - 6 - 86 86 ] 8 0 0 0 0 d

'Fermanagh t 69 - 69 - 7 - 62 6*2 * - - 1 0

«7tl» < i Monaghon - r - 1 3 4 - - 1 3 3 1 1 * * 1 0

| Armagh - 111 - 111 - - 11 - ioo 100 6 0 0 0 0 0

( Down - 89 7 96 1 - 5 - 90 9° 24 0 0 0 0 0

’"Kildare - ‘28 - 28 1 - 12 - 15 15 3 0 0 0 0 0

Wicklow - - 13 - 13 1 - 3 - 9 9 2 L - - 1 0

44th 1 Carlow . 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

Westmeath - - 15 - 15 - - 4 - 11 11 0 6 0 9 0 0

King's County - - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

1 Queen's County - - 8 - 8 - - 2 - 6 6 0 0 0 0 9 0

i ‘ Cork City - - 74 - 74 1 -1 13 - 60 60 8 - " 1 d

58th* Cork County . Kerry m 92 10 . 92 10 - 1 26 1 - <55 9 65 9 6 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 0’

( ' Dublin City - 125 - 125 - 1 17 - 107 i°7 r - - 1 0

1 | Dublin County - - 98 - 98 - - 19 - 79 79 0 0 0 0 0 0

67th< Roscommon - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

1 1 Longford - - 13 - 13 - - 0 - 11 11 0 0 0 0 0 0

( Meath - 29 - 29 1 - 4 - 24 24 6 - - - 1 0

( ' Tipperary - - 35 - 35 - - 4 - 3i 3« 2 O 0 0 0 0 ,

«7*M Galway - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

{ Clare - 16 - 16 2 - 4 - 10 10 1 O 0 0 0 0

( Cavan - 10 - 10 - - 1 - 9 9 2 - - - 1 0

\ 1 Louth - - 132 - 132 - - 12 - 120 120 9 0 0 0 0 0

88th < Leitrim - 11 - \i * - 3 - 8 8 3 O 0 0 0 6

) Sligo - 62 - 62 - - 2 - 60 60 3 O 0 0 0 0

( Mayo - _ 08 - 68 1 - 9 - 58 58 0 0 0 0 0 0

( ’ Wexford - - 12 - 12 - - 5 - 7 7 1 O 0 0 0 0

\ Kilkenny - - 24 - 24 - - 10 - 14 H 0 0 0 0 ’ 0 0

89th •< Waterford - - 20 - 20 1 - 7 - 12 12 0 0 0 0 0 0

) Limerick City - - 42 - 42 1 - 6 - 35 35 1 - - -T 1 0

( Limerick County - - 2 2 - - - - 2 0 - 0 0 0 0 0

Total - - 1,428 12 1,440 11 . 2 222 - 1/205 1,205 90 ? 1 - - 11 0

Dublin City,

Dublin County, and the >tlave completed their Quotas under this Act. Town of Drogheda, J

RETURN of Men Raised in SCOTLAN D, under the Additional Force Act passed the 10th of July 1804.

inspector General's Office, 22d February 1805.

Total Infilled - -

m Lanerk * 61 12 73 2 - 7 H 5i 65 3 - _ _ 1 0

w 13 Wigton - 2 3 5 - - - - 5 5 0 0 0 0 0 0

Dumfries - - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

3' Kirkcudbright - - 42 - 42 1 - 5 11 25 36 1 0 0 0 0 0 0

Selkirk - - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 u

% Roxburgh - - 0 0 0 0 0 0 i 0 0 0 0 0 o- 0 0 0

Still i Renfrew > 71 12 83 7 - | 7 9 60 ' C>9 0 0 0 0 0 0

' Air - - *3 8 21 - - 1 3 *7 20 0 0 0 0 0 0

'‘Edinburgh Cily . - 3 3 - - - 1 2 3 0 0 0 0 0 o'

Edinburgh County - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

26th < Linlithgow - - 1 1 - - - - 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0

i Peebles - - 1 1 - - - - 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0

j [ Berwick - 1 - 1 - - - - 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0

1 _ Haddington - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

( " Ross - - 1 <2 3 - - - 3 3 0 0 0 0 0 0

42d< \ Cromarty - - - 1 1 - - - - i 1 - 1 0 0 0 0

1 Sutherland- - 4^ - 4i - - - - 4» 4l 1 0 0 0 0 0

( Caithness - - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

( "Stirling - - 3 3 - * - - 3 3 - 3 0 0 0 0

7'M i Dumbarton - M 3 17 - - - 3 H 17 0 0 0 0 0 0

Fife - - 1 1 - - - 1 1 0 ' 0 0 0 0 0

1 Kinross - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

.Clackmannon _ 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

72d Aberdeen - - 0 2 4 - - - - 4 4 0 0 0 0 0 0

73d 1 1 Kincardine - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

I Forfar - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

9>ft< ' Bute - - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

Argyle - - 0 2 - - - 0 2; 0 0 0 0 0 0

( ' Perth - - 3 3 - - 1 - 2 a i 0 0 0 0 0 0

( ’ Nairn - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

9*d 1 Elgin | Inverness - - 3 1 1 4 «, 1 4 1 4 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

( . Banff 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

Total Scotland - 252 58 310 10 - 21 41 239 280 A 4 1 0

IRELAXD - 1,428 12 1.440 11 2 222 1,205 1,205 00 r 3 _ ( 11 0

Eng lan i> 851 662 1.513 51 2 221 403 836 1,239 20 5b 2 - 15 21

General Total 2,531 732 3.363 72 4 464 444 2,280 *734; ini 63 2 - *7 21

t< hitltji'it:. Jnfueftor General Army of Ucferve

45 Geo. Ill

Append i'x

653

RETURN of Men Raised in EN&LAN D, under the Additional Force Act passed on the 29th of June 1804.

COUNTIES

0 0 u. from which

u. O the Regiments

CO receive their

c *5b 0 DS Men.

3d London City 4th J

6th > Lancaster -48th)

5 th Sussex 7th J

5* ft > York, West Riding 53d)

8th 1 ork. North Ridino -

O

and* 1 Somerset -4othiDorset -

loth Essex -

(Bedford -14th < Buckingham Northampton 15th York, East Riding

f Anglesey

\ Carnarvon -23d/ Denbigh -J Flint V. Merioneth

24th Warwick -

, { Cumberland

I Westmorland -28th Devon -

C Huntingdon 30th < Leicester -C Cambridge

31ft Cheshire -

32d Cornwall -

36th Durham -

38th Stafford -

39th Shropshire

43d Worcester -

f Nottingham 45th [ Rutland -

47th Norfolk -

50th Gloucester C Hertford -

52d< Oxford -

(. Berks -

56th Surrey -

57th { Cinque Ports -59th Derby -

61ft Northumberland 6sd Wilts -

63d Suffolk -

66th { Isle^f Wight -

69th Lincoln -

f Hereford -

81ft-' Montgomery C Radnor -

82d lower Hamlets -83d Middlesex -

f Monmouth 90th < Glamorgan Brecknock -

f Cardigan -

96 th < Carmarthen £ Pembroke -

Total - -

j Number Inlirted. ’ Casuals. Effectives.

n C a> 0 tm Q? u 0>

O £ c J -0 v so -D > U <U tn > L 0) cf) J

u 3 00 CJ < h L aj V QJ

X ca' CZ >> a O E- ~G 5 Dead, X 0> Q Ih 0> G 6 3 H O H

7 8 15 - - 2 2 11 13

273 10 283 6 - 58 112 107 219

2 55 57 - 2 4 34 17 51

33 36 69 - - 11 9 49 58

- 1 1 - - - - 1 1

3 22 25 1 1 7 16 23

1 38 39 - 1 1 37 38

9 10 19 - - 2 10 7 17

8 11 19 . - 1 8 10 18

- 13 13 0 - 4 - 7 7

15 - 15 - - 1 5 9 H

9 9 - 6 3 9

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

6 13 19 1 - 1 - 17 l7

- 2 2 I - - - - 2 2

9 2 - - - - 2 2

38 38 3 - 9 J7, 47 64

6 18 24 1 * 9 8 6 H

- 9 9 - - 2 4 3 7

4 2 6 - - - 6 6

3 3 - - - - 3 3

23 2 25 - - - 1 24 25

19 12 3i - - 5 18 8 26

5^ 39 95 - - 8 52 35 87

6 6 12 1 - 1 7 3 10

3 2 5 1 - - - 4 4

13 30 63 1 - 4 21 37 58

6 4 10 1 - 1 - 8 8

19 5i 7o 2 - 2 13 53 66

40 8 48 1 - 8 3 36 39

- 2 2 i - - - - 2 2

54 3 57 13 - 7 2 35 37

13 34 47 1 - 5 12 29 4i

- 5 5 - - - - 5 5

4 16 20 1 - 8 - 11 11

10 12 22 1 - 7 - H H

33 22 55 3 - 13 25 H 39

11 4 15 4 - 7 2 2 4

- 3 3 - - 1 1 1 2

2 21 23 1 - 8 1 13 H

6 2 8 - - 3 - 5 5

6 39 45 4 - 3 7 3i 38

H 14 1 - 3 - 10 10

- 12 12 1 - _ - 11 11

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

29 9 38 1 - - - 37 37

15 3 18 1 - 1 - 16 16

1 - 1 - - - - 1 1

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

78 15 93 - - 22 H 57 7

11 5 16 - - 4 5 7 12

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

5 16 ‘21 - - 3 6 12 18

1 1 2 - - - 2 - 2

872 7°9 1.581 53 2 230 415 881 1,296

Alterations since the last Return. Dated 22d February 1805.

Inlisted:

1z

« «-

30 5U

»o

to

<v

PH

21

O

3 10

6

o

4 4

62

Disc barged. Dead. Deserted. Volunteers for General Service.

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

- - - 5

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

- - 1 3

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

1 - 1 0

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

- - 2 0

• - - 13

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

- - 1 4

• 1 0

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

1 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

- - 2 0

0 0 0 0

- . - 1

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

- - 1

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

0 0 Q 0

0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0

- - 1

0 0 0 0

2 - 9 27

Appendix, (No. 15.) 10° Jprilis, continued.

15 Men have been taken from the County of Surrey, having been returned by the Officer commanding the 5bth, " \ olunteers Jor

General Service", but were originally enltfUd for Unlimited Service.

Vol. 60. 8 D

L

654

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix, (No. 15.) 10® Aprilis,

continued.

o

iS

c

4>

8

‘5b

RETURN of Mew Railed in 1 RELAND, under the

Additional Force Act passed on the 14th of July 1804.

Inspector-General's Office, lft March 1805,

COUNTIES from which the Regiments receive their Men.

27th

C Donegal -

£ Antrim Fermanagh Monaghon -Armagh -Down r Kildare Wicklow -Carlow 44 Weltmeath

King's County -L Queen's County -T Cork City -58th < Cork County I Kerry f Dublin City \ Dublin County -67th*/ Roscommon J Longford

Meath ( Tipperary -87th J Galway

I Clare - j -f Cavan 1 Louth 88th y Leitrim J Sligo V^Mayo f Wexford -\ Kilkenny -89 th < Waterford -

J Limerick City -^Limerick County Total

Number Inlilted.

iS

o

d

C-

39

26

68

101

69

1

118

103 28 13

1

15

o

8

88

104

11

125

98

o

15

31

36

0 So 11

133 11 62 69

12 25

SO

44

1

1,50

G

c

s

'Sd

c

cs

e?

H

i4

H

39

s6

68

101

69

4

119

110

28

13

1

15

o

8

88

104

11 1^5

98 o 15 31 36 o so 11 133 11 62

69

12

25

so

45

3

1,520

Casuals.

-3

V

on

Urn

n

4

13

8

6

7

1

12

10

15

3

4

0

3

18 29

1

*7

19

o

5

4 4

0

4

1

12

3

3

10

6

11

7

6

__2

248

Effectives.

r—<

ci

<D

C

w

o

J

35

13 59 95 62

3

107

99

12

9

1

11

o

5

70

74

10

107

79

o

10

26

32

0

14

10

121

8

59

58

6

>4

12

37

1

1,259

-j

H

O

H

35

13 59 95 62

3

i°7

99

12

9 1

11

o

5

70

74

10

107

79

o

10

26

32

0

14

10 121

8

59

58

6

H

12

37

1

1,259

co

Alterations fmee the last Return. Dated 22d February 1805,

Inlisted:

3 o

9

o

o

7

14

0

1

o

0

14

12

1 o o

0

2 2

1

0

4

1 1

o

1

0

2

1

"78"

a>

'So

o

cS

23

*TD

O

OJD

b

a

28

V olunteers for General Service.

1 man joined irost deserti«u.

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

1 man joined from dei'ertion.

O

o

o

o

o-

o

o

9

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

Dublin City, Dublin County, and the Town of Drogheda, have completed their quotas under this Act.

The man returned Discharged last week by the City of Cork, being claimed by the Civil Power, has been given up by the Ma}’or, and embarked to join the 58th Regiment.

RETURN of Men Raised in SCOTLA N D,

under the Additional Force Act passed the

1 nfpeftor-General

26th

Lanerk £ AVigton ' Dumfries -\ Kirkcudbright -I Selkirk Roxburgh -n ( Renfrew 2,ftlAir - -

Edinburgh City -Edinburgh County Linlithgow

L Peebles Berwick Haddington C Ross

, j Cromarty -4‘\ Sutherland (. Caithness -J Stirling 1 Dumbarton 71 ft < Fife J Kinross V. Clack man non 7sd Aberdeen -

toH 5 Kincardine

73 i Forfar

( Bute P lit < Argyle

) 5J

t Perth (N

Ul

\ Inverness I Banff

’ Naim pod * E,g'n

Total Scotland

1 RELAND

England Geveral Total -

- 63 13 76 2 _ 6 l6 52

- 2 3 5 - - - - 5

- O 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 4^ - 4^ 1 - 5 1 1 25

- 0 0 0 ] 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 74 12 86 8 - 7 9 62

- 16 9 25 - - 1 3 21

• - 3 3 - - - 1 2

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- - 1 1 - - - - 1

- - 1 1 - - - - 1

- 1 1 2 - - - 1 1

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 1 2 3 - - - - 3

- - 1 1 - - - - 1

- 42 - 4* - - - - 4*2

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- - 3 3 - - - - 3

- 17 3 so - - * 3 17

- 1 - 1 - - - - 1

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 3 '5 - - - - 5

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- - 2 2 - - - . 2

- - 3 3 - - 1 - 2

~ 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

" - 1 1 - _ . 1

" 5 1 6 - I _ 6

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

* s 66 62 328 ll - 20 44 253

1,506 H 1,320 1 11 <2 248 1,259

872 709 1,581 | 53 2 230 415 881

- ■2,644 1 7«5 3,4.29 i 75 4 498 450 2,393

10th of July 1804.

s Office, iff March

1805.

68

5

o

36

o

o

71

24

3

0

1 1

2

0

3

1

42

0

3

so

1 o o

5 o o o 2 2

0

1

6 o

297

1,259

1,296

2,85s

Total Inlilted

0 1 - - - 2

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

3 - 1 0 0 0

3 1 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 p 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

- 1 - - . 1

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

1 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

3 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

- 1 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

2 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

[4 4 i 3

•8 2 1 _ 28 0

11 62 2 - 9 ^7

l3 | 68 4 - 37 30

181

S. Broun, D>‘ Inspector-General Army of Reserve

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

655

RETURN of Men Raised in E NG T, A N D, under the Additional Force Act passed on the 29th of June 1804.

C

U

c

e

*Sb

<L>

COUNTI E'S from which the Regiments receive their Men.

3d London City

4tlO

6th /-Lancaster -

48th)

5 th SutTex -7th)

51ft V York, West Riding -

«3d J

8th York, North Riding -

9th and 40th

10th Essex

Somerset -Dorset

C Bedford 14th< Buckingham t Northampton

15th York, East Riding

r Anglesey -\ Carnarvon 23d< Denbigh -J Flint V, Merioneth

14th Warwick -( Cumberland * 1 I Westmorland 2 8 th Devon

C Huntingdon 30th J Leicester -£ Cambridge

31ft Cheshire -22d Cornwall -30th Durham -

38 th Stafford 39th Shropshire 43d Worcester -

' , f Nottingham

«*{Rutlail| .

47th Norfolk

50th Gloucester

C Hertford -52d< Oxford ( Berks

56 th Surrey , j Kent l Cinque Ports

59th Derby 61 ft Northumberland 62d Wilts 63d Suffolk

- - , (j Hants

€6th / Itie of Wight -

69th Lincoln

C Hereford -81ft < Montgomery Radnor

82d Tower Hamlets -83d Middlesex -

C Monmouth 90th < Glamorgan £ Brecknock

C Cardigan -96th < Carmarthen £ Pembroke -

Total -

Number Inlisted. J Casuals. Effe&ives. Alterations since the last Return. Dated lft March 1805.

By Parish Officers. By Regiments. Total. Discharged. Dead. Deserted. General Service. Limited Service. Total. Inlisted: Dead. Deserted. Volunteers for General Service.

By Parish Officers. By Regiments. Discharged.

7 8 15 - - 2 2 11 13 0 0 0 0 0 0

277 11 288 6 - 60 112 no 222 4 l - - 2 % 0

3 57 60 - 3 4 35 18 53 1 2 - 1 0 0

35 37 72 - - 11 9 52 61 2 1 0 0 0 0

* 1 1 - - - - 1 1 0 0 0 0 0

3 22 25 1 - 3 8 13 21 _ . _ m 2 1

1 41 42 1 - 1 1 39 40 3 1 0 0 0

9 11 20 - - 2 8 10 18 - 1 0 0 0 0

8 H 22 - - 1 8 13 21 3 0 0 0 0

- H H 2 - 4 - 8 8 - 1 0 0 0 0

15 ~ 15 - 1 5 9 H 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 9 9 - - - 6 3 9 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 , 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

6 18 24 1 - 1 6 16 22 - 5 - - - 6

- 2 2 - - - - 2 2 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 2 2 - - - - 2 2 0 0 0 0 0 0

40 39 79 4 - 8 26 4i $7 2 1 1 . _ 9

6 20 26 1 - 11 9 5 14 - 2 - - 2 1

- 9 9 - 2 4 3 7 0 0 0 0 0 0

4 3 7 ~ * * - 7 7 * 1 0 0 0 0

3 - 3 - - - - 3 3 0 0 0 0 0 0

-7 2 *9 - - 1 1 27 28 4 - - - 1 0

19 H 33 ~ - 5 18 10 28 - 2 0 0 0 0

56 43 99 - - 10 61 28 89 0 4 - - 2 9

6 6 12 1 - 1 7 3 10 0 0 0 0 0 0

3 5 8 ] - - - 7 7 - 3 0 0 0 0

13 50 ^3 1 - 4 21 37 58 0 0 0 0 0 0

9 5 H 1 - 2 - 11 11 3 1 - - I 0

19 52 7i 2 - 4 15 50 65 - 1 - - 2 0

40 40 80 3 - 8 23 46 69 - 32 2 - - 20

- 2 0 - - - - 2 2 0 0 0 0 0 0

54 3 57 13 - 7 2 35 37 0 0 0 0 0 0

13 35 48 i 6 12 29 4i - 1 - 1 0

_ 6 6 - * 1 . 5 5 _ 1 - - 1 0

4 17 21 0 - 8 - 11 11 - 1 1 - - 0

10 12 22 1 - 7 - H H 0 0 0 0 0 0

33 22 55 3 - 13 25 H 39 0 0 0 0 0 0

11 . 4 15 4 - 7 2 2 4 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 3 3 - - 1 1 1 2 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 23 25 1 - 10 1 13 H - 2 - - 2 0

6 3 9 - - 3 - i 6 - 1 0 0 0 0

6 39 45 4 - 3 7 3i 38 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 15 15 1 - <■» 4 7 11 - 1 " " 4

_ 12 12 1 _ _ - 11 11 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

29 9 33 - - - - 38 38 0 0 0 0 0 0

15 3 18 1 - 1 - 16 16 0 0 0 0 0 0

1 1 - - - - 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

81 15 96 - 24 30 42 72 3 - - - 2 16

11 H 25 - - 5 5 15 20 - 9 - 1 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

5 16 21 - - 2 6 13 19 0 0 0 0 0 0

1 1 2 - - - 2 - 2 0 0 0 0 0 0

891 ^1 00 1,680 57 3 247 482 891 i,373 19 80 5 1 19 66

Appendix, (No. 15.) 10° Aprilis, continued.

Counties 01 Warwick ana carmartnen—1 i>ian eacii jumeu uum t/nci wuu, .

The Man returned " Discharged" last week by the County of Lincoln, being claimed by the Civil Power, has been given up, and joined

the 69th Regiment.

656

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

io° Aprilisy

continued.

, w nirr AMD under the Additional Force Act passed on the 14th of July 1804.

R E T U R N of Men Raffed m IRELAND, under Act __________ 8th March

O

o

tM

o

cs

a*

a

So

• <u

COUNTIES from which the Regiments receive their Men.

18th

27 th

• Donegal 1 Londonderry . Tyrone

Antrim

* Fermanagh 1 Monaghon

Armagh -' Down -Kildare I Wicklow -, I Carlow Westmeath King's County -L Queen's County of Cork City -58th < Cork County f Kerry f Dublin City \ Dublin County -67th < Roscommon J Longford -y Meath

C Tipperary -87th < Galway \ Clare f Cavan \ Louth 88th< Leitrim

J Sligo - -

(. Mayo f Wexford -\ Kilkenny -89th Waterford -

1 Limerick City -^Limerick County Total -

Number Inlisted.

e

O

a

p*

CQ

43

27

7*

111

71 1

120

112 3* 13

1

16

o

8

88

104

11 125

08

o

15

32

36

0 20

12

137

H

63

72

H

2 6 20

45

1

3

G

,559

4

1

7

k5

H

O

43

27

7i

111

71

5

121

119

32

13

1

16

o

8

88

104

11

125

99

o

15

32

36

o

20

12

137

H

63

72 H 26 20 46

3

L5 I L574

Caluuls.

n

JZ

12

4

13

8

8

9

1

12

17 15

3

1

4

0

3

18 29

1

17

19 o

5

4

4

0

5

1

13 3 3

10

6

12

7

7

2

264

Effectives.

(J)

O

If)

<U

S

3

39

H

62

103

62

4

109

101

15

9

12

o

5

7°

74

10

107

79

o

10

27

32

0

13

11 124

11

60

61

8

H

12

37

1

1,296

H

O

39

H

62

103

62

4

109

101

15

9

12 o

5

70

74

10

107

79

o

10

27

32

0

13

11 124

11

60

61

8

H

12

37

1

1,296

>*.*£ rt o

Alterations since the last Return. Dated lit March 1805.

Inlisted:

4

1

3

10

2

2

9

4

o

, 1

o

o

o

o

o

53

Volunteers for General Service.

o

o

0

2

2

o

o

7

o

0

1 o o o o o o

o

o

o

o

0

1

0

1 o o o

0

1

0

1 ©

o

0

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

16

Quotas complete.

STown of Droghrda complete.

O

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

RETURN of Men Raised in SCOTLAND, under the Additional Force Act passed the 10th of July 1804.

Inspector-Generars Office, 8th March 1805.

f" Lanerk 65 H 79 2 6 16 55 71 2 1 0 0 0 0

Wigton - 2 3 5 - - - - 5 5 0 0 0 0 0 0

/ Dumfries - - O 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

0^ Kirckudbright - - 42 - 42 1 - 5 H 22 36 - - . _ _ 3

Selkirk - O 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

I Roxburgh - - O 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

a,ftHenfrew * * - 75 12 87 8 - 7 10 62 72 1 - - - - 1

( Air - - 16 9 25 - - 1 7 17 24 - - - _ . 4

r Edinburgh City - - - 4 4 . - - 1 3 4 0 1 0 0 0 0

Edinburgh County - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

«6th( Linlithgow - - 1 1 - - - - 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0

20U1'| Peebles - - - 1 1 _ - - . 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0

1 Berwick 1 1 2 - . - 1 1 2 0 0 0 0 0 0

C Haddington - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

C Ross - 1 2 3 - - - - 3 3 0 0 0 0 0 0

, 1 Cromarty -^ 1 Sutherland - _ 1 1 _ - - 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 46 - 46 - - - - 46 46 4 0 0 0 0 0

(Caithness - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

C Stirling - - 3 3 - - - ► 3 3 0 0 0 0 0 0

\ Dumbarton - 17 3 20 - - - 4 16 20 1

7ift< Fife -j Kinross - 3 0 0 4 0 0 0 0 0 4 0 4 0 2 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

vClackmannon - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

72d Aberdeen - - 2 5 7* - - 1 6 6* _ 2 1 0

7id J Klncard‘ne - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

I Forfar " 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

C Bute - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

9ift< Argyle - - 2 2 - - - - 2 2 0 0 0 0 0 0

( Perth C Nairn 1 pi — 0 4 0 4 0 0 0 1 0 0 3 0 3 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

92d] Inverness -y Banff 5 0 2 1 0 2 6 0 0 0 0 0 2 6 0 2 6 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

Total Scotland - 275 69 344 11 - 21 53 259 312 9 7 1 9

Ireland - i,559 15 1»574 12 2 264 - 1,296 1,296 53 1 1 * 16 0

England - " 891 789 1,080 57 3 247j 482 891 L373 19 80 5 1 19 66

General Total - " 2,725 873 3.598 80 5 532j 535 2,446 2,981 81 88 6 1 36 75

Total Inlisted - 169 "

Jno Whit cloche, Inspector General Army of Refenre.

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

65 7

R I, I URN of Men Raised in E N G LAND, under the Additional Force Act passed on the agth of June 1804.

Number Inlisted. Casuals. 1 Effectives.

COUNTIES

% % from which (A , S-. x>

the Regiments 0 0 QJ

0 t£ 2 0 0

CO 4-» cJ £ receive their Men. O S 3 3 £ 5b V J < s T3 <X> 5J0 5 ~6 V u, . D r* u <U 'Si 53 u <y 2 Si '■O ►I <: t- 0

a c* £ 1 2 J H

ci /*> [ O

3d 4th 6th 48th 5 th 7H1 London City - 7 10 17 - - 2 2 13 15

>• Lane after - - 282 12 294 6 - 63 112 113 225

Sussex - 3 62 65 - 3 4; 38 20 58

5>d 53d. >\ ork, West Riding - 36 40 76 - 12 i 9 55 64

8 th York, North Riding - - 1 1 - - - I - l 1

9th' and Somerset -1 Dorset - 3 24 27 1 _ 3 1 8 15 23

40th. 1 4*2 43 1 - 1 1 4° 41

loth Essex - 9 13 22 - - 2 9 11 20

( Bedford 8 17 25 2 8 15 23 8

14th* Buckingham - - 14 H 0 _ 4: 8

( Northampton - 15 16 _ I 5 10 15

15th 1 ork, East Riding - - 9 9 - - - 6 3 9

( "Anglesey - _ 0 0 0 0 0 o 0 0 0

\ I Carnarvon - - 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0

Denbigh - 6 18 24 l- 1 9 13 22

i 1 Hiut - - 0 •2 _ _ 2 2

( ^Merioneth - - - 2 0 - - - - 2 2

24th Warwick - - 42 40 82 4 _ 8 27 43 7°

j Cumberland - 8 22 3° 1 - 11 9 9 18

I Westmorland - - 9 9 - _ 3 3 3 6

28th Devon - 5 4 9 - - 9 9

( * Huntingdon . 3 _ 3 3 3

30th < Leicester - •29 3 32 - - 1 1 30 3i

I Cambridge - - 21 H 35 - - 5 18 12 30

31ft Cheshire . 56 46 102 _ _ 13 61 28 S9

32d Cornwall - - 6 8 14 1 - 1 7 6v. 12

36th Durham - 3 5 8 1 - - 1 6 7

38th Stafford - 13 50 63 1 - j 4 21 37 5«

39th Shropshire - - 9 5 H 1 - 2 j - 11 11

43 Wore eft er - - 19 52 7» 2 _ 1 4 15 50 65

45th | Nottingham Rutland - 40 58 0 98 2 n O - 16 1 - I 23 5d 2 79 2

47th Norfolk - 54 5 59 13 - 8 i 2 3C 38

50th Gloucester - - 13 35 48 1 _ 1 12 29 41

( Hertford - T - 6 6 . - 1 - 5 5

52<K Oxford - % - - 4 17 21 2 - 8 1 - 11 11

I Berks - 10 13 23 i - 7 j - *5 15

56th Surrey - 33 22 55 3 - 13 28 11 39

57th | Kent Cinque Ports _ 11 4 4 15 4 4 _ 8 1 1 1 1 2 2 3 3

59th Derby - n 23 25 1 - 10 i 3 1 1 14

6 ift Northumberland - 6 3 9 1 3 - 5 5

6-2d Wilts - 6 39 45 4 - 3 7 31 38

63d Suffolk - - 18 18 0 - 4 4 8 12

66th | Hants _ 12 12 1 _ _ _ 11 11

Isle of Wight - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

69 th Lincoln - 29 9 38 - - - - 38 38

c Hereford - - 15 3 18 1 - 1 _ 16 16

Sift^ Montgomery - 1 - 1 - - - - 1 1

1 Radnor - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

8 2d Tower Hamlets - _ 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

83d Middlesex - - 85 16 101 1 - 26 30 44 74

f Monmouth . 11 H 25 - - 5 8 12 •20

90th I Glamorgan - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

Brecknock - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

96th Cardigan -Carmarthen Pembroke - - 0 5 0 16 0 21 0 0 0 2 0 6 0 13 0 19

• 1 1 2 - - - 2 2

Total - - 910 845 L755 60 3 269 497 926 L423

Alterations since the lu.il Return. Dated 8th March 1805.

Inlisted:

<£ a? c3 S - m >o By Regiments. Disc barged. Dead. "C u & a Volunteers for General Service.

- 2 0 0 0 0

5 1 - - 3 0

- - 5 - - - 3

1 3 - - 1 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

- 2 0 0 0 0

" 1 0 0 0 0

* *2 - - - 1

- 3 - - 1 0

-0 0 0 0 0 0

- 1 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

- - - - 1 - 3

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

2 1 - - - 1

2 2 0 0 0 0

- - - - 1 0

1 1 0 0 0 0

O 0 0 0 0 0

2 1 0 0 0 0

2 0 0 0 0 0 '

* 3 - 3 0

- 2 0 0 0 0

• - - - - 1

O 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

O 0 0 0 0 0 §

- 18 - - 8 0

O 0 0 0 0 0

- 2 - - 1 0

O 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

- 1 0 0 0 0

_ - - - 3

- - - - 1 0

- 1 0 0 0 0

- - - - - 2

- _ 1 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

- 3 1 - 1 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

4 1 1 2 0

_ _ _ - - 3

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

j 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

19 50 3 —.— - 22 17

8 E

Appendix, (No. 15.) 10° April is,

continued.

658

Appendix

A. 1805

Appendix, (No. 15.)

1 o° Apr ill's,

continued.

R ETU R N of Men RaifecI in I R ELAN D, under the Additional Force A cl puffed on the 14th of July 1804.

Inspector General's Office, 15th March i?os

J

COUNTIES Number Inlisted. . Casuals. Efieftives. Alterations since the last Return. Dated 8th March 1805.

4# O Inhlled:

0 from which . •

the Regiments rj c G u M 0 > u (A O Volunteers

a receive their ci 6 J So n UTJ J — (f> to 45 for General

| ’3d 0> X Men. u 3 c? 00 CJ X >> cs H O H u "6 <y CJ t<y 3 u <U G 0 O <y < H * <L> zl - - 'Eb V >> X ' - .0 2 "d — 1 S M O Service,

" Donegal - j 5* - 52 . - - 4 - 48 43 ! 9 0 0 ' O O 0

18 th < 1 Londonderry - 27 - O *? * / - - 13 - H h 0 0 0 0 C 0

Tyrone - 1 72 - 72 1 " 8 - 63 63 1 0 0 0 0 0

Antrim - 1 122' - 122 - - 11 - 1 1 1 111 11 - - - 3 0

Fermanagh - 1 7» - 7i - - 9 - 62 62 0 0 0 0 0 0

27th J Monaghon - i 1 4 5 - - 1 - 4 4: 0 0 0 0 0 0

Armagh - 123 1 124 - - 12 - ID 112 3 0 0 0 0 0

Down V - 115 8 123 1 17 - 105 105 | 0 1 0 0 0 0

‘Kildare - 32 - 32 2 - 15 - J5 15 0 0 0 0 0 0

Wicklow - . - - H - H I - 3 - 10 10; 1 0 0 0 0 0

44th < Carlow - 1 - 1 - - 1 O 0 O ! 0 0 0 0 0 0

Westmeath - 16 _ 16 _ - 4 - 12 12 | 0 0 0 0 0 0

King's County - - 1 1 - - - 1 1 - 1 o 1 0 0 9

, Queen's County - - 8 - 8 - - 3 - 5 5 1 0 0 0 0 0 0

Cork City - - 95 - 95 - - 29 - 66 66 j / - - - 11 0

58th < Cork County - 127 - 127 I 39 - 87 87 I 23 - - - 10 0

I Kerry - 1 12 - 12 - - 2 - 10 10 1 - - - 1 0

Dublin City Dublin County - - 125 9* V 125 93 - 17 I 19 j - 107 79 107 79 - - - - -J Quotas complete.

67th Roicoramon - 0 0 0 0 O 0 I O 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

j Longford - 17 - 17 - - 5 I - 12 12 2 0 0 0 0 0

A . Meath - 39 - 39 \ 1 - 5 - 33 33 ! 7 - - - 1 0

C1 ipperary -87th < Galway f Clare: 3 11 _ 30* 11 . " _ 4 _ 32 10 32 10 0 11 0 0 0 0 1 0 0

- 22 - 22 2 - 5 I - 15 J 5 2 0 0 0 0 0

88th ) Cavan Louth 12 140 - 12 140 - 1 , 1 1 18 - 11 121 ) 1 121 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 0 5 $ Tow nol Drogheda ( complete.

Leitrnn - H - *4 - - 3; - 11 11 0 0 0 0 0 0

Sligo - 63 - 63 1 - - 3 ! - 60 60 0 0 0 0 0 0

t Mayo - 1 76 - 7^> - 10 I - 65 ^5 1 4 0 0 0 0 0

( Wexford - - j j 16 - 16 - 6: _ 10 10 2 0 0 0 0 0

) Kilkenny - - 25 - 25 " - ' 12; 13 13 0 0 0 0 0 0

89th < Vi atertord - j 20 - 20 1 _ 7 _ 12 12 * 0 0 0 0 0 0

j Limerick City - ! 52 1 53 2 - 7 ! 44 44 1 7 0 0 0 0 0

(. Limerick County - 1 1 2 3 - - 2 ! - 1 0 0 o| 0 0 0

Total - - 1.655 17 1,672 12 1 3 1296 j - '.3611 1.361 97 v I 1 - 1 1 1 3‘2 0

County of Kilkenny—one Man returned too many lass week as " Enrolled having deserted before Approval.

RETURN of Men raised in S C O T LAND, under the Additional Force Act passed the 10th of July 1804.

Tnfpeftor Gener; i’s Office, 15th March 1S05.

-Lan

35 j Dur

c

(26th

42 d

Lanerk Wigton Dumfries -\ Kirkudbright Selkirk L Roxburgh -

: 1

/-Edinburgh City -Edinburgh County } Linlithgow 'I Peebles Berwick ^Haddington Hoi's -Cromarty -Sutherland Caithness -C Stirling 1 Dumbarton 7ift\ Fife -j Kinrols vClackmannon 7‘id Aberdeen j Kincardine '3d I Forfar f Bute -oift< \rgvle I Perth C Nairn ,v2d) Elgin - -

J2a)Inverness -( Banff

Iotal Scotland Ireland England

General Total

- f

66 H 80 2 6

2 3 5 -

0 0 0 0 0 0

42 - 42 1 - 5

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

75 12 37 8 - 8

*7 9 26 - - 1

- 4 4 -

0 0 0 0 0 0

- 1 1 -

- 1 1 -

1 1 0 -

0 0 0 0 0 0

1 2 3 -

- 1 1 - * -

47 - 47 -

0 0 0 0 0 0

- 4 4 - - 1

*7 4 21 - - 1

3 1 4 -

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

5 5 10 - - 1

0 * 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

21 8 29 -

- 4 4 - - 1

0 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 2 1 -

5 1 6 -

0 0 0 0 0 0

302 77 379 11 _ 24

1,655 17 1,672 | j *2 3 ■296

910 345 L755 | 60 3 269

2,867 939 3,806 0° 00 6 589

16

o

M

o

0 10

7

1

o

o

4

o

o

o

o

o

53

497

550

Total Inlisted -

56 72 1 0 0 0 0 0

5 5 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

22 36 0 0 0 c 0 0

0 ° 1 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

61 71 - - - 1 0

lS 25 1 0 0 0 0 0

3 4 0 0 0 0 0 a

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

1 1 u 0 0 0 0 0

1 1. 0 0 0 0 0 0

1 A 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

3 3 0 0 0 0 0 0

1 1 0 0 0 0 0 i>

47 47 1 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 6 0 0 0

A J 3 - 1 - - 1 0

10 20 - 1 - - l 0

4 4 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

9 9 3 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 V

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 "

29 20 0 j G 0 0 0 0

3 3 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

2 *2 0 0 0 0 0 0

6 6 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

291 344 27 8 _ 0 O * 0

G36i 1,361 97 2 - 1 32 0

926 1,423 19 56 3 - 22 17

-»573 3,128 '43 66 3! 1 57 17

209

Jno If hitcloclc, Inspector General Arinv of Reserve.

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

659

RET CRN ot Mon Railed in ENGLAND, under the Additional Force Act passed on the 29U1 of June 1804.

e

B

*Eb

<L

cs

COUNTIES from which the Regiments receive their Men.

3d London City 4th 1

Cth > Lancaster -

♦8th)

5 th Sussex - -

7th J

5id >York, West Riding

53*)

81I1 \ ork. North Riding

} Somerset -40thTDorI- * '

10 th Essex

C Bedford 14th < Buckingham I Northampton

15th York, East Riding

C Angle fey -\ Carnarvon 23d < 1 Denbigh I Flint * (^Merioneth -

24th Warwick -0.i C Cumberland [ Westmorland 28 th Dewn

C Huntingdon 30 th I^icester -{ Cambridge

31ft Cheshire 3*2d Cornwall -36th Durham -

38th Stafford 39th Shropshire 43d Worcester -

• ,ti. \Nottingham 45th {Rutland -47 th Norfolk 50th Gloucester -

C Hertford -52d Oxford ( Berks

56th

57th

Surrey

Kent

Cinque Ports

50 th Derby 61ft Northumberland 62d Wilts 63d Suffolk

66th?»an^v;

( lile ot \\ ight

09 th Lincoln

f Hereford -81ft*' Montgomery C Radnor

82.I Tower TIamlets -83d Middlesex -

f Monmouth 90th': Glamorgan C Brecknock

Cardigan -06 th C trmai then C Pembroke -

Total -

Nun iber Ini ifted. Casuals. Eifeftives. Alterations since the last Return. Dated 15th March 1805.

C/i u <u e 0 <5 'C & By Regiments. Total. rs V so b s 5 T3 3 0 Deserted. General Service. Limited Service. Total. Inlisted: Discharged.* Dead. i n b. £ S Q Volunteers for General Service.

liy Purish. Officers. By Regiments.

- 7 10 17 - - 2 2 13 15 O 0 0 0 0 0

- 286 12 00 c* 6 - 64 112 116 228 4 - - - 1 1 0

- 3 68 71 - 3 5 39 24 63 - 6 - - 1 1

- 36 41 77 - - 12 9 56 65 1 0 0 0 0

- - 1 1 - - - - 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 3 25 28 1 - 3 8 16 24 _ 1 0 0 0 0

1 42 43 1 - 1 1 40 41 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 9 14 23 - - 0 10 11 21 - 1 - - 1

- 8 17 25 - _ 3 18 4 22 _ _ _ 1 10

• H H 2 - 4 6 2 8 - - - - . 6

" 15 2 17 - - 2 6 9 15 - 1 - - 1 1

- - 10 10 - - - 6 4 10 - 1 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 b 0 0 0 0 0

" 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

" 6 19 25 1 1 12 11 23 - 1 - - . 3

" - 2 2 - - - 1 1 2 - - - 1

" 2 2 - - - 2 - 2 - 2

- 43 43 86 4 - 9 27 46 73 1 3 _ . 1 0

" 8 22 3° 1 - 11 16 2 18 - - . - - 7

" 1 9 10 - - 3 3 4 7 1 0 0 0 0 0

5 4 9 " - " 9 9 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 3 - 3 - - - - 3 3 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 3i 3 34 - - 1 1 32 33 2 0 0 0 0 0

" 21 15 36 - - 5 18 13 3i 1 0 0 0 0

- l 56 46 102 1 - 13 61 28 39 0 0 0 0 0 0

• 6 8 H 1 - 2 7 4 11 - - - - 1 0

~ 3 5 8 1 - - 1 6 7 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 13 53 66 1 - 5 21 39 60 - 3 _ - 1 0

- 11 5 16 1 - 1 - H H 2 0 0 0 0 0

- 23 54 77 2 - 4 1 15 56 71 4 2 0 0 0 0

- 40 61 101 3 - 17 23 53 81 - 3 - - 1 0

- - 2 2 1 - - - - 2 2 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 54 5 59 1 13 - 8 2 36 38 0 0 0 0 0 0

" 13 39 52 ! 1 - 6 11 33 45 - 4 0 0 0 0

- - 7 7 - - 1 - 6 6 _ 1 0 0 0 0

- 4 19 23 2 - 8 - 13 13 - 2 0 0 0 0

- 10 13 23 1 - 7 - 15 15 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 39 26 65 6 - 18 3<5 5 4i 6 4 3 - 5 8

- 11 4 15 4 - 8 1 2 3 0 0 0 0 0 0

" ■* 4 4 - 1 1 2 3 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 2 23 25 1 - 10 3 11 H 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 6 3 Q 1 - 3 - 5 5 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 6 40 46 4 - 3 14 25 39 - 1 - - - 7

* ~ 19 19 2 - 4 6 7 13 - 1 - - - 2

- - 12 12 1 - _ - 11 11 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 3° 10 40 - - - - 40 40 1 1 0 0 0 0

- 16 3 *9 1 - 1 - 17 l7 1 0 0 0 0 0

- 1 - 1 - - - - 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0

i 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- i 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 , 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 1 92 16 I08 1 - 27 30 5o 80 7 - - - 1 0

11 H 25 - - 5 8 12 20 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 5 16 21 - - 3 6 12 18 - - - - 1 0

- 1 1 1 2 - - - 2 - ‘2 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 939 883 1,822 63 3 283 546 927 M73 29 38 3 0 15 49

—t —- - - . —»■ ■

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

1 o° Aprilis,

continued.

shropshire—One Man joined from Desertion.

660

Appendix

A. 1805

Appendix, (No. 15.) 10° Aprilis,

continued.

RETURN of Men Raised in IRELAND, under the

Additional Force Act passed on the 14th of July 1S04.

Inspector Generals Office, *22d March 1805.

o

o

u,

m

J

ob

04

COUNTI ES . from which the Regiments receive their Men.

18th

44 the

' Donegal I Londonderry 1 Tyrone Antrim C Fermanagh M.u j Monaghon 27thS Armagh -

L Down 'Kildare Wicklow -Carlow Westmeath King’s County -. Queen's County -Cork City 58th \ Cork County t Kerry

J Dublin City Dublin County -Rofcomtnon Longford -Meath ( Tipperary -87th < Galway ( Clare ( Cavan \ Louth 88th < Leitrim J Sligo (Mayo f Wexford -\ Kilkenny -89th < Waterford -

J Limerick City -V..Limerick County Total -

Number Jnlifted.

Casuals.

Eficdivcs.

Alterations since the last Return, Dated 15 th March 1805.

to l_ Inliffed:

44 s (0 a 0 > 2 > J3 Volunteer*

0 ’ u £U >> By Regimen Total. *3 V bfl t- s s Dead. Deserted. 04 C/3 *33 s_ 04 0> 0 u 04 in 0 <♦-* fi J Total. — m •s t £ O — $£ >. 04 6 ZJ) >> T3 UD S JZ «£s -6 .3 CJ Deserted. for General Service. -« ,

53 53 _ _ 4 - 49 49 1 O 0 0 0 0

_ 27 5 32 - - H - 18 18 - 5 - 1 0

- 75 75 1 - 8 - 66 66 3 0 0 0 0 0

- 133 133 - - *3 - 120 120 11 " 2 0

_ 7J 4 75 - - 9 - 66 66 - 4 0 O Q 0

3 4 7 - - i - 6 6 0 0 0 0 0 0

•, 130 1 13* - - 12 - 119 * 19 7 0 0 0 0 0

• 116 10 126 1 - *7 - 108 108 1 2 0 0 0 0

32 - 32 2 - 15 - 15 *5 0 0 0 0 0 0

- H - H 1 - 3 - 10 10 0 0 0 0 0 0 N

_ 1 - 1 - - 1 - 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

_ 16 - 16 - - 4 - 12 12 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 1 1 - - - 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0

• 9 - 9 0 - 3 - 4 4 1 - 0 0 0 0

• 101 - IO] 1 - 34 - 66 66 6 - 1 - 5 0

• 151 - 15* 1 1 48 - 101 101 24 - 1 - 9 0

- 12 - 12 - - 3 - 9 9 - - - - 1 0

• 1-5 98 125 98 — 1 17 19 107 79 t°7 79 . - 1 - - - J Quotas complete.

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 .0 0 0 0 0

• 19 - *9 - - 5 ,4 H 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 4^ - 4l> 1 - 7 - 38 38 7 - - - 2 0

- 3 - 36 - - 4 - 32 32 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 11 - 11 - - 1 - 10 10 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 22 - 22 2 - 5 - *5 *5 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 12 - 12 *- - 1 - 11 11 - { Town of Drogeda

- 148 - 148 1 18 - 129 129 8 - - - - i complete.

- H - *4 - - 3 - 11 11 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 64 64 - - 3 - 61 61 1 0 0 0 0 0

- 76 - 76 1 - 10 - 65 65 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 16 - 16 - - 6 - 10 10 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 25 - 25 - - 12 - *3 13 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 20 1 21 1 - 7 - *3 13 - 1 0 0 0 0

- 52 1 53 0 - 7 - 44 44 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 1 5 6 - - 0 - 4 4 - 3 0 0 0 0

- ! ~E72<r 32 1,761 l6 3 316 1 1,426 1,426 74 1 15 4 - 20 1 0

RETURN of Men raised in SCOTLAND, under the Additional Force Ad pallid the 10th of July 1804.

Inspector General's Office, 22d March 1805.

16th

SLanerk Wigton -Dumfries -Kirkudbright Selkirk Roxburgh -

5 Renfrew

(Air -

! Edinburgh City -Edinburgh County Linlithgow Peebles -Berwick Haddington r Ross -,) Cromarty -^ \ Sutherland

(. Caithness -C Stirling \ Dumbarton 71 ft < Fife -A Kinross V. Clackmannon 7-d Aberdeen -» ,. \ Kincardine 73d (Forfar ( Bute OiA \ Argyle ( Perth Nairn Elgin

Inverness -Banff

Total Scotland Ireland England

Central Total

92d

71 *4 85 2 1 6 *7 59 76

0 3 5 - - - , 5 5

0 0 0 0 0 0 ! 0 0 0

42 - 42 1 , - 4 j *4 23 37

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

75 12 87 7 - 8 10 62 72

*7 9 26 - - 1 7 18 1 25

- 4 4 - - - 1 3 4

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 1 1 - - - - l 1

- 1 1 - - 1 - - 1 1

1 1 *2 - - - 1 1 2

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

1 •2 3 1 - - - - 3 3

- 1 1 - - - - 1

50 - 50 - - - - 50 50

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 4 4 - - 1 - 3 3

22 4 26 - - 1 4 21 25

3 1 4 - - 1 - . 3 3

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 11 *3 - - 1 - 12 12

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0,

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

21 8 20 - - - - 29 29

5 5 - - 1 - 4 4

O 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

" 3 3 - , Q 0

5 1 0 - - - - 0 6 6

0 0 0 - 0 0 0 0 0

312 35 397 10 1 24 5+ 3°S 362

*>729 3* 1,761 16 3 316 1,426 1,4*26

939 883 1,822 63 3 283 546 927 1 >473

2,980 1,000 3,980 89 7 623 600 2,661 3,261

Aberdeen.—Three Men returned lull week as Enlisted 7 by Parish Officers, should have been, by Regimental Officera. j

Total Inlil'ted -

1 1 1

1 0 0 0 0 0 0

1 0 0 0 0 0 0

1 One Man joined from tJcferiion.

° 0 0 0 0

1 0 1 ° 0 0 0

Oik 1 Man returned ns Discharsed, brine chimed

| un Apprcuiir has Cnee joined the 21ft lte^imruL

O O O 0 0 0

I 0 O O 0 0 0

I O O O 0 0 0

1 O O O 0 0 0

O O O 0 0 0

i 0 O O 0 0 0

! 0 O O 0 0 0

0 O ! O 0 0 0

0 O J O 0 0 0

! 3 O O 0 0 0

0 O O 0 0 0

1 u O O 0 0 0

5 ° 1 O 0 0 0

! - - - - 1 0

1 ° O O 0 0 0

1 ° O O 0 0 0

- 3 0 0 0

1 O 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

O 0 0 0 0 0

O 0 0 0 0 0

- 1 O 0 0 0

O 0 0 0 0 0

- 1 O 0 0 0

O 0 0 0 0 0

O, 0 0 0 0 0

*3 5 - ‘ 1 1 1

74 *5 4 - 20 0

29 38 3 - 15 49

: 116 58 7 1 3 50

1 *74 1

Bruxiti, Dr Inlucttoi Ceneu] Army of Reserve.

45 Geo. Ill*

Appendix.

661

RETURN of »« R-M '» ENGLAND, »der «,c

o

(S

o

‘So

Cj

COUNTIES from which the Regiments receive their Men.

cd London City 4th 7

6th > Lane after -48th } eth Suuex -

7th 7

51ft £ York, West Riding -

53d 3

sith York, North Riding -

? Somerset -

an, ( Dorset 40th 3

loth Essex

r Bedford 14th < Buckingham £ Northampton

15th York, East Riding

/"Anglesey -I Carnarvon -23d < Denbigh -

J Flint

Merioneth-

04th Warwick -f Cumberland 25th J Westmorland a8th Devon

f Huntingdon 30th < Leicester -£ Cambridge

31ft Cheshire 3^d Cornwall -36th Durham -

38th Stafford -39th Shropshire -43d Worcester -

f Nottingham 45* ! Rutland 47 th Norfolk 50 th Gloucester -

Hertford -god * Oxford £ Berks

56th Surrey C Kent 57*1 l Cinque Ports

5gtb Derby - -

61ft Northumberland 6‘id Wilts -6\d Suffolk

Hants

Isle of Wight Lincoln

f Hereford -•2 Montgomery £ Radnor

Tower Hamlets -Middlesex -

f Monmouth < Glamorgan C Brecknock

X Cardigan -i< Carmarthen £ Pembroke -

Total

8 F

Number Inlisted. Casuals. Effe&ives. Alterations Dated since 1 2 2d the Marc lad Return. :h 1805.

in 1 . Inlisted: Volunteers

f- ft? <v ! O «? 0 </j

O G ft; s *Sb o> * -0 &> 1 > I >-» ft?; cd fc a? CD Z* tr £ -3 a? ao T? for General

<5 *§ < 04) S-. *0 "O CJ H M ft? -3 4? *-» < H G ft? *S> a? cx M CCS ft? -d CO ft? +-» H Service.

pa pa CO O H i 'a; q a $? Q <y Q a a? O 6 3 O H >•*5 >> pa s ft) a ft? Q

7 10 17 - 3 2 12 H - - - - 1 0

291 13 304 6 * 64 112 122 234 5 1 0 0 0 0

3 73 - . 3 6 43 24 67 - 5 - 1 4

36 42 78 - - 13 9 5^ 65 - 1 - *• 1 0

1 1 - - - - . 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0

3 1 25 43 28 44 1 1 - 3 1 10 1 *4 41 24 42 - 1 O 0 0 a 0

9 15 24 - 2 10 12 22 - 1 O 0 0 0

8 23 3i - - 3 18 fi 10 0 28 8 0 6 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

15 14 4 14 19 2 - 4 2 U 6 11 17 2 0 0 0 0

_ H H - - - 7 7 *4 - 4 - j" 1

0 0 6 0 0 20 0 0 26 0 * O 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 12 1 0 0 11 1 0 0 23 2 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

" 2 2 2 2 - - - X 2 2 0 0 JO .0 0 0

43 8 47 24 90 32 4 1 - 10 14 29 16 47 1 0 76 17 6 t 4 2 - m 1 3 1 9 0 0

1 9 10 - 4 3 0 11 11 1 1 0 0 0 0

6 5 11 *

3 3 - - 1 5 1 3 35 3 36 0 0 3 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

31 21 6 16 37 37 - - 18 H 32 - 1 0 0 0 0

56 47 103 - 1 13 61 7 1 28 A 80 11 - 1 1 1 0 1 0 0

6 3 9 5 15 8 1 1 - 3 *T 6 7 0 0 0 0 0 0

13 12 26 59 6 57 72 j 8 83 15 1 6 - 6 2 5 21 15 3° 15 57 51 15 72 1 3 6 1 3 14 4 - 1 1 1 0 0 0

40 63 103 3 - 17 23 60 2 83 2 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

54 13 2 5 42 2 59 55 13 1 _ 8 7 2 12 3 35 38 47 0 0 3 0 0 0 1 0 0

1 9 7 6 6 0 0 0 0 0 0

4 10 7 19 13 7 ' 23 23 0 1 _ - 12 15 J5 | 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0

39 12 2 6 4 5 65 16 5 6 4 - 18 8 1 3<5 1 1 5 3 3 41 ! 4 4 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

2 24 26 i - 10 6 9 a 15 0 1 0 0 0 0 3 0

6 6 3 42 19 9 48 19 1 4 2: 3 3 4 H 6 5 27 7 J 41 13 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

_ m 1 0

0 12 0 12 0 1 0 O 1 0 0 10 0 IO O 0 0 2 0 0 1 0 0 0 0

3° 12 42 - 1 - 41 41

16 1 0 3 0 19 1 0 1 0 0 1 0 0 17 1 0 17 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 95 0 17 0 112 0 1 0 0 27 0 3° 0 54 0 84. 0 3 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

11 H 25 * - 5 9 11 n 20 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0

0 0 0 0 0 a 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

0 5 1 0 16 3 0 21 4 0 0 0 3 0 8 2 0 10 2 0 18 4 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 0

953 942 1,895 81 6 298 561 949 1,51° h 59 18 3 15 15

Appendix, (No. 15.)

1 o° Apr ills,

continued.

Appendix, (No. 15.) 10° Aprilis,

continued. -

662

Appendix.

A. 1805.

R ETU R N of Men Raised in IRELAND, under the Additional Force Ad puffed on the 14th of July 1804.

Jnspector General's Office, 29th March 180^.

Number Inlisted. Cafuuls. Effectives. 1 •* Alterations since the last Retura. Dated 22d March 1805.

COUNTIES W is .0

Inlilted:

a from which 1/ V

u* (m M 0 the Regiments V I: O M S3 T3 > u a CJ > |* V r -d Volunteer*

V) 2 8 S *3) 4) Ch receive their Men. C 3 £ CO * to p* C3 ,0 Discharge C3 O Q -6 a O) co k| <v C 4/ O Cfi -0 3 w e 3 Total. (n i -i £ 'tJD B Discharge H3 a 6 Q Deserted. for General Service.

r Donegal - 57 - 57 - - 4 - 53 53 4 0 0 0 t> 0

18th◄ | Londonderry 27 6 33 - *4 - 19 19 * 1 0 0 6 0

Tyrone - 75 - 75 2 - P - 64 (34 4 - 1 1 0

Antrim - 139 4 H3 * - 2*2 - 121 121 6 4 - 2 & Complete.

( ' Fermanagh 7* 5 76 - - 9 * 67 67 1 0 0 0 0

27th | Monaghon 7 5 12 - 1 11 11 4 1 0 0 6 r ' 0

1 Armagh - 132 1 133 - - 12 - 121 121 2 - - - - Compicu.

Down - 1*3 12 135 1 18 - 116 n6 7 0 - -* 1 0

1 "Kildare - 37 - 37 •2 " 15 - 20 20 5 0 0 0 0 0

Wicklow - H - H 1 - 3 - i« 10 0 0 0 0 0 0

44th< Carlow - 1 - 1 - - 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

Westmeath 16 . 16 - - 4 - 12 12 0 0 0 0 6 0

King's County 1 1 - * - 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 d

'Queen's County - 11 - 1 ! 2 - 3 - 6 6 2 0 0 0 0 0

C Cork City - * 58th \ Cork County I Kerry 106 - 106 1 35 70 70 5 - - - 1 0

160 - l6*0 0 1 49 - 108 108 9 - 1 - 1 0

12 - 12 - 3 - 9 9 0 0 0 0 0 0

s Dublin City Dublin County - 125 98 _ 125 98 - 1 17 19 _ 107 79 107 79 - \ . — - | Complete.

67 th z Roscommon 0 0 0 O 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

Longford * *- 19 - 19 - - 7 - 12 12 - - - - 2 0

( Meath 51 - 51 1 - 8 - 42 4* 5 - - - 1 0

( Tipperary - 38 - 33 - - 4 - 34 34 2 0 0 0 0 0

®7th< Galway 11 - 11 - 1 - 10 10 0 0 0 0 0 0

I Clare - ‘22 - 22 2 - 5 - 15 15 0 0 0 0 0 0

( Cavan - 1*2 1 13 - . 2 _ 11 ] l _ 1 _ 1

\ Louth ... 158 - 15S - 1 19 . 138 138 10 _ 1 f Town of Drogheda

88th < Leitrim - 15 - 15 - - 3 - 12 12 1 0 0 0 0 ( comment.

) SKgo ^5 - 65 - - 3 - 61 62 1 0 0 0 0 0

(. Mayo - 79 1 80 1 - 10 - 69 3 1 0 0 ' 0 0

r Wexford - 16 - 10 1 6 - 9 9 . 1 0 0 0

Kilkenny - *5 - 25 - - 12 - 13 13 0 0 0 b 0 0

Waterford - 20 4 24 1 - 7 - iti lti - 3 0 0 0 0

) Limerick City - 55 1 5<5 2 - 7 - 47 47 3 0 0 0 0 0

Limerick County 2 9 1 1 I - - 2 - 9 9 1 j 4 0 0 6 O

Total - - 1,700 2 50 1.849 i 19 3 334 - i>493 1 L493 | 70 1 18 1 3 - 18 0

RETURN of Men Raised in SCOTLAN D, under the Additional Force Act passed the 10 th of July 1804,

Inspector General’s Office, 29th March 1805.

21ft

20th (

rLancrk Wigton Dumfries -c* ] Kirkcudbright I Selkirk '•Roxburgh -Renfrew Air -

Edinburgh City -Edinburgh County Linlithgow \ Peebles Berwick LUaddington fRofs -. 1 Cromarty -4adi Sutherland V. Caithness -C Stirling \ Dumbarton 7ift< Fife -# Kinross v^Clackmamion 7-d Aberdeen -,r , 5 Kincardine * { Forfar I Bute -Argyle ( Perth C Nairn

0‘2d

) Elgin J Invernef* -V Banff

Tot ax, Scotland Ireland

Englan d

General Total

-| 76 H 90 2 1 6 1 17 64 81 5 0 0 0 0

* •2 3 5 - - - - 5 5 0 0 0 0 0

- - 1 1 - - - - 1 1 - 1 0 0 0

- 4* - 42 1 - 4 15 22 37 ——

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 75 12 8? 7 - 8 12 60 7* ——

- 17 11 28 - - 1 7 20 •27 - 2 0 0 0

- - 4 4 - - - 1 3 4 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- - 1 1 - - - 1 1 0 0 0 0 0

- - 1 1 - - - - 1 1 0 0 0 0 0

- 1 1 2 - - - 1 1 2 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 2 2 4 - - - - 4 4 1 0 0 0 0

" - 1 1 - - 1 l 0 0 0 0 0

- 50 - 5° - - - - 50 50 0 0 0 0 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- - 4 4 - - 1 - 3 3 0 0 0 0 0

- 22 4 26 - - 1 4 21 *5 0 0 0 0 0

- 3 0 5 - - 1 - 4 4 - 1 0 0 0

* 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0* 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 2 13 15 - - 1 - >4 H - 2 0 0 0

" 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 , 0

- 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

• 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

~ 21 8 29 - - - - 29 *9 0 0 0 0 0

* — 5 5 - 1 - 4 4 0 0 0 0 0

" 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

• 3 3 - - - - 3 3 0 0 0 0 0

" 6 1 7 - - - - 7 7 1 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- 319 91 410 10 1 *4 57 318 375 7 6

L799 50 •.849 19 3 334 i,493 1,493 7° 18 3 , 16

953 94* *.895 81 6 •298 561 949 1,510 14 59 18 O O 15

• 3*071 1,083 4,i54 M IO 10 656 618 •2,760 3,3/8 83 21 3 33

Total Inlisted -

1/4

o

o

0

1

o

o

2

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

i>

o

o

o

o

u

3

15

18

7n° Whiteloekcy Inspector General Army of Reservti

137

45 Geo. III.

Appendix:

663

R E T U It N Of Mon Ullifed in E N G LA N D’ Und^ tb° ^dlJ, Uoriul 1 0, CC ^(JnerulVoffi 5th April41805-

O

o

U-

a

‘He

COUNTIES from which the Regiments receive their Men.

London City

4th}

6th > Lancaster -48th)

5 th Sussex ‘7U1)

5ift [.York, West Riding

53d 7

8th York, North Riding

j 1 Somerset -an" ( Doricl

40th )

loth Essex

C Bedford 14th Buckingham £ Northampton

15th York, East Riding

/* Anglesey -V Carnarvon 33d < Denbigh -

j Flint

(^Merioneth

34th Warwick -C Cumberland

25 th I Westmorland a8tlx Devon

C Huntingdon Leicester -/ Cambridge

ft Choftiire -d Cornwall -th Durham -

th Stafford -th Shropshire d WorceUer -

_ f Nottingham 11 { Rutland th Norfolk Lh Gloucester

/■ Hertford -d } Oxford £ Berks

Lh Surrey C Kent ,n I Cinque Ports

Lh Derby -

ft Northumberland

d Wilts d Suffolk

C Hants

* \ 10e of Wight -Lh Lincoln

C Hereford -ft Montgomery I Radnor

d Tower Hamlets -d Middlesex -

C Monmouth :h< Glamorgan ([ Brecknock

C Cardigan -:h< Carmarthen £ Pembroke - -

Total -

Number Inlisted.

in

0 W5

O c V

g

s 'So ►i

o» •«;

di PS H O

PS Uh

pc ca

7 10 J7

- 2JJ4 »3 3°7

- 3 76 79

- 36 43 79

* - 1 1

3 26 29

- 1 43 44

- 9 15 24

8 23 3i

- H 14

- 16 4 20

- - 14 14

0 0 0

_ 0 0 0

_ 6 2G 26

_ 2 2

- - 2 2

44 51 95

_ 8 24 32

1 10 11

- 6 5 11

_ 3 - 3

_ 33 6 39

- ‘21 17 38

60 48 108

_ 6 9 15

- 3 5 8

13 59 72

■- H 7 *21

- 27 63 90

42 63 10 3

_ 2 2

_ 54 5 59

- 13 43 5

* 7 7

4 19 23

- H 13 27

39 26 65

_ 12 4 16

- - 5 5

2 24 26

• 6 3 9

_ 6 44 50

- - 19 19

_ 13 13

- 0 0 0

- 3i 12 43

16 3 19

- 1 s 1

- 0 0 0

0 0 0

- 100 18 118

11 H 25

- 3 3 6

- 0 0 0

0 0 0

- 5 17 22 '

- l 3 4

• 982 97° 1,95s

Casuals.

,-a

ZJ

fcO

1

1

15

1

13

1

o

o

87

* 3

67

6

13

11 H 4

1

6

13

5

6

2

7

17

8 7

1

9

7

18

8 1

11

3

3

4

l

o

o

28

5

o

o

3

310

Effectives,

C/2

I*

<u

C

6

2

112

45

9

10

1

10

18

6

6

o

0 14

1

2

3i

17

4

1

18

7

j

21

15

23

2 12

40

1

1

H

6

o

30

9

o

cn -e

j

s

3

12

122

25

57

1*

15

41

12

10

2

12

o

0

9

1

49

3

11

3

37

H

3i

2

6

30

18

61

62 2

36

36

6

12 16

3

3

8

5

29

7

10

0 4*

16

1

o

o

59

11

6 o

H

O

234

7°

66

25

4*

22

28

8

18

*4

o

o

23 2

2

80

17

7

11

3

38

32

94

9

7

51

18

76

85

38

48

6

12 16

40

4

4

H

5 43

13

10

0 42

16

1

o

o

89

20

6

o

Alterations since the last Return, dated 20th March 1805.

lnhfted:

-a

GJ

CO

Volunteers for General Service.

o

2

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

2

O

0

2

1 1 o

o

o

2

O

O

o

o

o

o

0

G

O

a

o

o

o

4

o

G

O

O

O

O

O

G

O

o

o

o

0

G

O

a

o

County of Sussex—One Map joined from Desertion.

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

1 o® Apr,

continued.

664

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix, (No. 15.)

I o° Aprilis,

continued.

RETURN of Men Raised in IRELAND, under the Additional Force Act passed on the 14th of July 1804.

Inspector General’s Oflice, 5th April 1805.

o

o

U,

1

o

2

s

‘So

o

COUNTIES from which the Regiments receive their Men.

44th 1

f Donegal 1 Londonderry

l8thj Tyrone

t Antrim C Fermanagh -

{" Down Kildare Wicklow Carlow Westmeath -King's County . Queen's County r Cork City -58th < Cork County I Kerry

Dublin City 1 Dublin County 67th \ Roscommon i Longford C Meath C Tipperary *-g.tJ Galway -

t Clare

/ Cavan

88th) L°"th

\ Leitrim f Sligo vM

*Mayo /'Wtxford \ Kilkenny 89th < Waterford -J Limerick City XLimerick County -Total

Town of Drogheda complete.

Number Inlisted. Cafuais. Effectives. Alterations since the last Return; Dated 29th March 1805.

n Inlisted..

V d

0 6 O tn <L> •d 1 s u ’> u V cn c <D -d Volunteers

<S *s p- & oQ P? •J < H O §0 * -a -a -d u «-> u) It it o> m cn -a <V ‘5 a < 0 .^2 to fe 8 E '5b 0) P a> £0 3 *d cs "d V w u for General Service.

PQ P u. 5 P P B O H >o P 0 p

60 1 6l - - 6 - 55 •55 3 1 - I 0

27 8 35 - - 14 - 21 21 - 2 .0 0 0 0

73 64 M Two of the Men formerly returned by Parish Officer*

2 75 2 9 County of Tyrone, should have been, by Recruiting Officers,

139 7 146 - - 24 - 122 122 - 3 - - 2 Complete.

73 5 78 - - 9 - 69 69 2 0 0 0 0 0

le 5 15 - - 1 - H 14 3 0 0 0 0 0

132 1 133 - - 12 - 121 121 - - - - Complete.

132 16 148 1 - 21 - 126 126 9 4 - 3 0

39 39 2 - 15 - 22 22 , 2 0 0 0 0 0

17 17 1 - 3 - 13 13 3 0 0 0 0 0

1 - 1 - - 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

16 - 16 - - 4 - 12 12 0 0 0 _ 0 .0 0

- 3 3 - •_ - - 3 3 - 2 0 0 0 0

*4 - H ’ r» - 3 - 9 9 S 0 .0 0 0 0

107 - 107 1 - 35 - 71 7i 1 0 0 0 0 0

177 - 177 3 1 55 - 118 118 17 - 1 - 6 0

11 1 12 3 of One of the Men formerly returned by Parish Officer*

9 9i County of Kerry, should have been by Recruiting Officer*.

1*5 98 - 1*5 98 «. 1 17 19 * 107 79 107 79 — , " | Complete.

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 O 0 0 0

19 1 20 - - 9 - 11 11 r . ! 1 - - 2 0

5i 1 52 1 - 8 - 43 43 - 1 O 0 0 0

39 - 39 - - 4 - 35 35 1 O 0 0 0 0

1 i - 11 - - 1 - 10 10 O O O 0 0 0

c One Man formerly returned by Parish Officer* Count? of

22 1 23 2 - 6 - 15 15] 1 1 - - 1 -• 1 11 0

Clare, should have been by Recruiting Officers.

9 4 13 0 11 1.1 1 t hree of the Men formerly returned by Parish Officers

162 I County of Cavan, Ihoitld have beeu by Recruiting Officers.

" 162 - 1 21 - 140 140 j 4 - - - 2 0

15 1 16 1 - 4 - 11 11 - 1 1 . 1 0

66 - 66 - - 3 - 63 63 1 O O 0 0 0

80 3 83 1 - 12 - 70 70 1 2 - - 2 0

16 - 16 1 - 6 - 9 9 0 O O 0 0 0

*5 - 25 - - 12 - 13 13 0 0 0 0 0 0

20 5 25 1 - 8 - 16 16 - 1 _ _ 1 0

57 2 59 2 - 9 - 48 48 2 1 - . 2 0

2 10 12 - - 5 - 7 7 - 1 - , 3 0

>>845 j 77 1 1,9*2 I 21 | 3 361 - U537 U537 ! 53 20 | 1 2 27 | 0

ETURN of Men Raised in SCOT LA N D, under the Additional Force Act passed the 10th of July 1804.

8*

r Lanerk w Wigton *5 Dumfries Kirkcudbright Selkirk Roxburgh -Renfrew -*Air -

{Edinburgh City * Edinburgh County Linlithgow -Peebles Berwick Haddington f Ross -

4«d 1 Cromarty -4 ) Sutherland -

C Caithness -C Stirling 1 Dumbarton 7ift<Fife -J Kinross vClackmannon 7*d Aberdeen -^'jd < Kincardine -C Forfar ( Bute -Argyle ( Perth C Nairn

92d P8in

J Inverness -(. Banff -

Total Scotland -Ireland England -General Total -

76

2

42

o

o

75

17

o

3

51

o

23

3

o

o

2

O

O

O

6

o

3*8

*845

9 82

3,155

14 9° 2 1 6 18

3 5 ——

1 1 -

- 4* 1 - 4 15

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

12 87 7 - 8 14

H 3* - - 2 9

4 4 - - - 1

0 0 0 0 0 0

1 1 -

1 1 -

1 2 - - - 1

0 0 0 0 0 0

2 5 - -

1 1 -

- 51 -

0 0 0 0 0 0

4 4 - - 1

4 27 - - 1 4

2 5 - - 1

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

13 15 - - 1

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

8 35 -

5 5 - - 1

0 0 0 0 0 0

5 5 -

1 7 - -

0 0 0 0 0 0

9 424" 10 1 25 62

77 1,922 21 3 3<5i

97o 1,952 JJL 6 3io 576

M43 4,29s 118 j 10 1 69 (3 c3s

63

5

1

o 2 O o

58

20

3

0

1 1 1

0

5

1

5i

o

3

22

4

o

o

14

o

o

o

35

4 o

5 7

o

326

U537

973

*,836

Total Inlisted In°

81

5

1

37

o

o

72

*9

4

0

1

1

2

0

5

1

51

o

3 26

4 o o

H

o

o

o

35

4 o

5 7 o

388

1 ’537 1,549

3,474

Inspector Generals Office, 5th April 1805.

_ _ . _ 1

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

- - - - - 2

- 3 - - 1 2

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

1 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

1 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

1 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

6 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

- 2 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

0 0 0 0 0 0

9 5 - - i 5

53 20 2 - 27 0

29 28 6 - 13 15

9i 53 j - 8 - 41 20

M4

W hit cloche, Inspector General Army of Reftrve,

4.5 Geo. III.

Appendix.

665

STATEM ENT of the Mode of issuing the FUNDS applicable to the Volunteer Service, through the Office of the Agent General; with an Account of the Expence of that Establishment, from the l ft of June 1803 to the iff of January 1805;

specitying the dilferent Heads under which the fame has been issued.

Appendix, (No. 15.)

continued, 3* Man.

T II E FU N DS applicable to the Volunteer Service, were, during the period above-mentioned, issued to the Agent General by tha Pay'innHer General of the Forces, to cover the payment of Bills accepted by him, under the direction of the Secretary at War, for whose ihlpetfion Schedules of such Bills, specifying the days on which they respectively became due, were submitted; by these Schedules, the Secretary at Ufur was guided in directing the Paynialter General as to the amount and periods of the Issues. Since the 19th of January 1805, in pursuance of the directions of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, the Jlllies have been made by the Paymaster General directing the sum required to be written off at the Bank of England from his Account, to the Account of the Agent General; and all Bills, accepted by the latter, are made payable at the Bank.

The ESTABLIS II M ENT of the General Agency Office was instituted (as dated in the Secretary at War’s Letter, dated June 1803), " with a view to Public (Economy and the Good of the Service" the Funds having till then been issued to Agents appointed by the Commandants of each Volunteer Corps respectively, to whom an allowance for Agency, of 2$ per-Cent. upon the amount of the KTues, was paid by Governmer*.

EXP E NCE of the Establishment, from the Commencement to the 31ft December 1804.

Stationary, and Printing Pay Lifts, &c. for the use of the Volunteer Corps Kent of Office, and other Incidental Expences

Salaries, from the Establishment of the Office in June 1803 to 31ft December 1804

Total

£■ s. d.

97> 18 1

350 11

•3.611 9 6

4»933 18 7

War Office, 7 May 3d, 1805. J

The Expence of the Agency, at 2 J per-Cent. would have been £. 45,857.

W. Dundas.

Ax ACCOUNT of PAY to the Staff of the Volunteers, from the 24th of September 1804 to the iff of January 1805.

~ j Total.

The Pay of 10 Major Generals, with one Aide de Camp each; from 24th September 1804 to

31ft December following, inclusive -

Ditto - of 55 Brigadier Generals; for the fame period - - . -

Ditto - of 40 Majors of Brigade; for the fame period -

Ditto - of 1 Major General; from j ith to 31ft December 1804, inclusive -

Ditto - of 1 Major of Brigade; from 27th September to D° -

Ditto - of 1 - - D° - - - - 12th November to D° -

Ditto - of 0 - D° - - - - 5th - D° - to D° -

Ditto - of 1 - - D° - - - - 6th - £>° - to D° -

Ditto - of 1 - - D° - - - - Joth October -to D° -

Ditto - of 1 - - D° - - - - 5th - D» - to D° -

Ditto - of 1 - - D° - - - - 2d - D° - to D* -

Ditto - of 1 - - D1 - - - - 25th - DJ - to D* -

Ditto - of 1 - - D* - - - - Util - D° - to D° -

Ditto - of 1 - - D° - - - - lit - D° - to D° -

Ditto - of 1 - - D° i - - - 12th - D° - to D(> -

Ditto - of 1 - - IJ° - - - - 26th September to D° -

Ditto - of 1 - - D* - - - - j 5th December to D° -

£■ 3. d.

2.344 9 2

7.736-13 4

1,875 10 —

49 H 7

45 9 4

23 13 7

- 53 19 10

26 10 5

39 6 2

41 13 7

43 2 -

3* , 4 1

38 16 43 n 38 7

45 18 10

8 1 —

Total for General and Staff Officers * Pay of the Inspecting Field Officers within the above period

Total -

12,487 1 4

5,404 2 —

17.89' 3 4

Memorandum.—It is fluted by the Adjutant General, that no General or other Officer serving on the Staff (the Inspecting Field Officers excepted) is considered to lie exclujtvrii/ attached to the Volunteer Corps; although it appears, from the Returns from the General Officers commanding in Distriefs, that the Individuals xvhofe Pay is calculated above, have, during the period* specified, been chiefly employed in the superiutende.nce of those Corps.

• The Pay of the Inspecting Field Officers is fluted separately from that of the General and Staff Officers; the amount thereof having been already included in the Account presented to the House of Commons, in pmfuauce of an Order dated 2 5 fit February 1805.

War Office, > May 3d, 1805.,

W. Dundas.

* G

.666

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix,

'(No. 15.)

continued,

140 Juvii.

GENERAL RETURN of the Number of MEN who have Volchtef.red from the several Regiments of Militia in Great Britain into the Regular Army and Royal Marines, under the A A of Parliament, paired 10th April 1805.

Adjutant General’s Office, 8th June 1805.

REGIMENTS.

Anglefet Bedford Royal Berks

- . Buckingham Cambridge -Royal Cardigan

- - Carmarthen

- Carnarvon

- - Cheshire

* - Cornwall -

- - Cumberland

- - Denbigh -

Derby

Devon -

Dorfec

Durham

ESTex -

■i

ill -ad

E.ift -North South

Flint -Glamorgan -

Royal Gloucester Harts -

{East -Weft South

\ Noith "( South C North

-? South

Hereford

Hertford

Huntingdon

Kent

Royal Lancashire Leicester Lincoln -

£Isle of Wight

EaSt -Weft

•i

C.3d

Royal Merioneth -

• - Monmouth and Brecon

- - Montgomery

Norfolk ....

Northampton -Northumberland Nottingham -Oxford -

Royal Pembroke -

• - Radnor

Rutland -

Shropshire -

Somerset

Stafford

Suffolk -

Suffer -

Warwick

Westmorland - .

Wilts -

Worcester

York -

{North South 3d Royal

•1

East -

Weft -

■1

•l

ift -2d

ift 2d

ift

2d

i Xaft -! Weft

S

" I 2d

ift

2d

Weft

i North v. East

r tft

< 2d

I 3 d

Total in South Britain

Aberdeen

Argyll and Bate -

AF

Berwick, Haddington, Linlithgow, and Peebles Dumfries, Roxburgh, and Selkirk ... Edinburgh, County and City -Fife

Eorfar and Kincardine -InverncSs, Banff, Elgin, and Nairn Kirkcudbright and Wigtown -

*oyal Lancrk - ......

• - Perth Renfrew

Ross, Caithness, Sutherland, and Cromarty Stirling, Duiibarton,-Ciackmannan, and Kinross

Total in North Britain GENERAL TOTAL

Royal Artillery Artificers. Foot Guards. Regiments of the Line. Royal Marines. To T AL Volunteered. Total allowed to Volunteer.

Serjeants. ’ JJ * I 0 O to Cl m > £ Serjeants. i Corporals. M %J tn > £ .5 $ L !£ a 5 % *C Cm Serjeants. Corporals. •taoeatid \ •—» u cn 1/ ~f% 0 c U a O n £ SI C a y 0 to SL E 9 u s 0 a > £ a H V V tn Corporals. S >

3 _ _ . 1 20 m - . I - *3 2 2 44

_ - 2 - - 1 - - - 99 ~ - , I 101 6 6 127

- 6 - 3 - 3 4 4 97 - 4 4 109 7 7 *44

- . - 5 149 2 4 87 2 9 23b 13 *3 269

4 - 2 3 72 - - - 2 3 76 4 4 95

m . 4 - 2 - - 1 - *9* - - 6 1 - 3* 4 4 94

- 10 - - - - 3 3 S 57 I 1 38 4 6 108 8 8 169

- 1 - 4 - 12 - - - - " >7 2 2 45

- 10 - 10 - - 9 5 4 174 - - - S 4 2°3 II 11 239

11 - 2 13 - - 2 1 4 82 5 7 i4x 6 13 249 12 12 254

1 xo - - - 5 - 3 86 - - 11 - 4 112 6 6 *39

_ 18 - 10 . - 3 - 3 35 - 2 a - 3 68 4 4 92

_ 18 - 7 - - 9 1 4 14*1 - - 1 4 176 11 11 220

_ 8 . 1 3 3 - 69 - - - 3 1 80 4 4 97

_ 8 11 - 10 1 2 29 - 2 34 t 4 92 11 !l 222

_ 4 - 10 - - - - 2 2Z * - 43 2 84 11 11

3 - - . - 4 - 3 78 1 76 - 4 161 10 10 2c8

_ 1 4 - 4 - - - 1 4 *37 - - - 1 5 >45 9 9 181

3 1 - 6 - 1 121 - - - 1 1 138 8 8 171

.. 12 - _ - 6 . 2 116 - - - - 2 *34 8 8 168

- - - 14 8 _ 3 ~: 1 5 89 124 2 1 40 2 2 5 ]43 235 8 3 8 8 it!

_ _ 14 - 6 - - 2 - - 33 - - 6 - - 61 3 3 77

5 . 1 4 - 1 83 - - - 3 97 7 / 7 *5*

- m 1 14 - . 1 - 5 135 - - - 6 150 Y 9 i*7

_ *4 - - . - 6 3 zo 169 - - - 3 10 189 II 11 2J5

_ _ 10 - - ‘ - - - 5 *7a - - - - 5 >82 6 6 I2X

1 3 61 - - 2 3 61 3 3 77

17 - *7 - - *7

_ 6 - 3 . - 3 - - 7° - 82 4 4 99

13* - *37 8 8 169

1 2 48 - - - 1 2 49 3 3 61

4 - 4 - - 4

_ _ 2 - - - . 5 . - - - - 7 - - 7

_ _ 5 - - _ 1 6 i 2 191 _ - 22 1 224 *4 ?4 28a

- _ . 4 - 7 - - 7 5 7 104 3 1 46 8 8 168 *4 *4 282

• . it - 11 - - 7 9 ■c 22 s 1 - - 10 - 256 15 *5 307

3 3 202 - - - - 3 228 13 *3 274

_ 8 - _ - 4 3 4 56 - - - 3 4 68 4 4 *4

- _ - 5 - 1 - - 3 3 S* - - - - 3 67 4 4 8+

- . - 5 - - - - 4 2 3 55 - - - 2 3 64 3 3 79

- 1 . 9 - 4 . - - - i5 - - 12 1 - 40 2 1 59

- I 2 - . - 3 1 2 102 - - - 1 3 107 8 8 170

5 2 49 - - 2 v - 2 101 5 5 1X2

- _ 12 - - - - 5 - 103 - 120 11 11 11J

- _ - 16 - - _ - 1 - 121 _ . - - - 138 11 11 *34

1 3 8 191 _ - - 3 8 207 13 *3 260

5 2 5 86 _ - * 2 5 ICO 6 6 116

- _ - >4 - - . * 8 _ 140 _ - - - 162 9 9 198

5 ii7 - - - 3 5 128 7 7 *59

1 - 22 3 3 7»

- - 15 - - . - - - 12 - 27 1 1 32

- _ - 1 - - - . - 2 . 1 - *7 . - - - - 30 1 1 39

- - 18 - - _ - 9 1 7 158 - - 1 7 185 11 11 *3*

- 2 - 86 - 1 7 2 1 93 5 5 118

- . _ 18 - _ 3 _ - ii - 62 _ 1 118 - 1 212 *3 *3 26}

- - - 18 - - 3 7 1 - 84 - - Hi 1 - 223 12 12 *58

► - 18 - _ 4 _ 1 2 4 6 149 _ 2 39 4 9 212 13 *3 *73

- - I 4 - - 3 3 76 - - 8 3 4 88 8 8 165

- - . 15 - - - - 8 1 4 143 _ - _ 1 4 166 10 10 207

m - * 14 - - 1 - - 2 2 5 111 - - *5 2 5 *43 10 to 207

3 4 148 . - _ 3 4 165 11 II *33

- - 1 18 - - 6 - - - - 4 149 _ - . 5 *73 10 10 218

- - - 7 - - - 1 - 2 - 1 72 2 - - 3 1 81 5 5 108

2 1 1 4* . - 3 1 1 50 4 4 89

- - - 11 - - 9 - - IG 1 5 ‘54 - - 1 * 5 184 11 11 219

1 78 _ - _ _ 1 87 5 5 109

9 - 6 - - 5 - 1 . 102 3 1 66 3 2 188 *3 13 265

9 1 12 172 4 1 39 5 13 242 15 »S 300

2 2 2 65 - 1 2 2 94 *3 *3 *73 281

6 11 205 _ - . 6 11 227 14 *4

6 1 3 i°3 - - _ 1 3 12! 6 6 137

2 2 3 46 - - - 2 3 53 3 3 73

- i 6 709 - 2 j75 s 4 221 88 *99 6,823 ■H 23 973 116 134 8,901 557 557 Mi*4S

_ _ 1 *5 5 1 1 11 1 5 i*5 1 9 3 7 165 9 9 180

4 1 - - - - 2 - 3 5° _ 2 1 3 58 7 7 *54

5 1 2 5° X 1 2 73 S 8 HI

J - s - - 1 - 1 5 5 2 110 1 1 6 3 125 9 9 180

" - 1 16 - I - - - 3 1 3 107 - . 1 5 126 11 U 230

1 1 1 4 3 4 i37 . 10 4 5 *57 I2 12 *5S 228

9 5 - 141 1 *3 6 1S1 11 11

* * * n - - 2 3 2 9 2 46 2 3 4 70 *5 >5 305

2 6 1 5 127 - 2 1 7 152 10 IC 211 Q% *58

2 3 5» _ 3 I 2 3 73 4 4

2 2 61 8 2 80 12 12

" - *s - 2 - 4 6 4 So _ . 8 4 97 *3 *3 262

" * - 9 * - 2 - - c 6 2 99 _ 2 1 6 2 >17 8 8 179

" " " 10 - 6 9 133 . 6 9 >43 9 9 182

17 * - * 8 3 7 137 1 16 * I 7 178 9 9 iSj

- - 2 ‘94 1 I J4 7 7 73 4* Si >.4451 4 69 j 54 61 *>795 147 ‘47 yo-fi

1 8 903 1 3 189 10 11 *941 130 25° 8,16* J 2? *3 1,042 170: *95 10,696 7C4 704 *♦.9*1

Harry Ca

A. G.

■I:.

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

667

RETURN of the Total Effective Strength of the British Army, at Home and Abroad, on the lft May 1805.

Adjutant General's Office, 5th June 1805.

17,671 Men for limited Service, and 20,727 Men belonging to Foreign and Provincial Corps in British Pay, are included in the above General Total of Cavaky and Infantry.

Harry

A. G.

Appendix,

(No. 15,)

140 Juniiy

continued.

\ Cavaliy. Infantry. Militia.

In Great Britain, and the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey - 15,019 47.845 59,223

23,371 19,571

On Foreign Stations 2,670 59.116 —

General Total - *1,45* 130,332 78,794

RETURN of the Number of MEN Railed under the Additional Force Bill, from lft January to 30th April 1805*

In* Whitelocke

Inspector General.

RETURN of the Number of RECRUITS raised by the Ordinary Mode of Recruiting; from the id of January to the lft of May 1805.

Adjutant General's Office, 4th June 1805.

Great Britain: / Ireland: /

Raised for Regiments at Home: — /\ Raised for Regiments Abroad. * Raised for General Raised for Regiments at Home. Raised for Regiments Abroad. Raised for General Total.

1805: r Men. Boys. ~ Service. Service.

In January - .637 108 21. 18 145 - 39 968

— February 768 173 70 67 177 - 27 1,282

— March - 835' 133 33 28 267 - 16 1,312

— April - 563 77 55 76. 293 * 24 1,088

Total - 2,803 491 179 189 882 106 4,650

Harry Calvert,

V

668

Appendix.

A. 1805

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

14° Juniiy

continued.

RETURN of the Deaths, Discharges, and Desertions, which have taken place in the Army at Home; from the ill January

to the ift May 1805.

Adjutant General's Office, 5th June 1805.

w 00 0 Ln Deaths. Discharges. Desertions.

* In Jaijuary - 132 207 3*7

' — February ----- 113 172 38*

— March 3----- 122 367 494

— April - -- - 119 138 401

Total 486 884 1,604

Harry Calvcrty

A. G.

RETURN of the Deaths, Discharges, and Desertions, which have taken place in the Army at Home, from 19 Juilllm id May to 31ft December 1803: Also, from id January to 31ft December 1804.

Adjutant General’s Office, 12th June 1805.

Deaths. \ Discharges. Desertions.

In May 1803 - - - - 95 430 1 30$

- June - - - " - - 97 185 280

- July - 77 180 402

- August - 47 144 320

- September - - - 89 603 , 34

- October - - - - 66 171 357

- November - - - - 155 89 330

- December - - - - 240 273 347

Total - 866 2,075 2,649

In January 1804 - - - 264 299 335

- February - - - - 213 301 368

- March - - - - 276 221 338

- April - 231 4<57 279

- May - 205 315 385

- June - - - - 197 410 368

- July - - - - 129 239 458

- August - 121 »59 452

- September - - - - 104 101 636

- October - - - - 133 m 373

- November - - - - 109 303 339

- December - - - - 134 193 355

Total - 2,116 3,201 4,686

General Total during the War - 2,982 5,276 —r__ 7,335

The Regimental Returns do not particularize the Casualties as they occur in the Limited or Unlimited Service Men-

they are returned upon the whole strength of the Regiment.

Harry Calvert,

A.G.

45 Geo. Ilf.

Appendix.

669

RETURN of the CASUALTIES which have taken place in the Army Abroad, since the lft of May 1803 to the latest Periods in the year 1804, for which Returns have been received from the several Foreign Stations.

Adjutant General's Office, ,14th June 1805.

J British Troops:

EAST INDIES. 1 Deaths, * Dischar A 5 Desert05

From lft May - to the 31ft December 1803 - 1,878 349 32

From lft January to the 30th Ap u 1S04 - I 3^3 168 2

Iota l 2,241 517 34

LEEWARD ISLANDS.

From lft May - to the 31ft December 1803 I 621 120 90

From»ift January to the 31ft December 1804 1,426 374 163 II

Total J 2,047 494 253 (I

JAMAICA.

From lft May - to the 31ft December 1803 84 78 68

From lft January to the 31ft December 1804 - - 1 102 17 28

Total - - 1 *l86* 95 96 1

CEYLON. 1

From the ill February to the 31ft August 1804 - - 1 192 3 - - 1 J_

GIBRALTAR. From the lft May - to the 31ft December 1803 - 1 32 65 \ || 3

From the ill January to the 31ft December 1804 - 1 357 27 5 j|

Total - - I - 1, 389 I 92 8 I _ i

Foreign Troops:

Deaths. Dischar*

----->

Desert

H

14

28

16

27

43

205

407

MALTA.

From lft May - to the 31ft December 1803 From lft January to the 31ft December 1804, with the 1 exception of the Months of May and June, for which > the Returns were not received - - - j\

Total

NOVA SCOTIA.

From lft May - to the 31ft December 1803 From lft January to the 31ft December 1804

46

125

61

72

81

130

612

133

211

188

257

445

170

123

293

40

76

116

97

43*5

12*2

9

192

201

171

7

6

Total

13

76

4

80

16

18

«7

4

91

CANADA.

From lft May - to the 31ft December 1803 From id January to the 30th September 1804

Total

BERMUDA.

From lft May - to the 31ft December 1803 From lft January to the 31ft October 1804

Total

HONDURAS.

From lft May - to the 31ft December 1803 From lft January to the 30th April 1804 -

27

23

50

11

Total

34

12

36

64

2

66

85

19

104

Total in the year 1803 commencing lft May - I 2,700

Total in the year 1804, as far as Returns have 7

been received ...... f

General Total

5,300

839

600

M39

48

26

388

15

4^3

5

12

17

ll

33

15

88

44 io3

30

54

60

114

17

50

67

11

9

297

243

20

443

1,038

540

1,481

701

7 66

1,467

159

479

638

Appendix*

(No. 15.)

19° Junii,

continued.

I-----/

Note.—The Casualties in the Britishi Troops at Ceylon were included in the General Returns from the East Indies*

prior to January 1804.

Harry Calvert,

A. G.

8 H

670

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No- 15-)

19# Juniiy

continued.

R E T U It N of the Total Number of Casualties which have taken place in the Army Abroad, during the latest Twelve Months, for which Returns have been rece.ved trom the East Indies; commencing with the til May 1803, and end.ng 30th Apnl ,804.

Adjutant General's Office, 14th June 1805.

4 STATIONS. Deaths. Discharges. Desertions.

East Indies 2,269 560 35

Jamaica - - - 384 296 135

_ . f for the Months of February, March, and *) Ceylon - | April 1804 J 140 301 60

Leeward Islands 1,223 187 254

Gibraltar 48 454 9

Malta - 91 104 63

Nova Scotia 17 162 45

Canada - -- -- 42 64 88

Bermuda 8 1 2

Honduras - -- - 20 1 1

r Total - 4,242 2,130 692

Note—The Casualties in the British Troops at Ceylon were included in the General Returns from the East Indies, prior to January 1804.

Harry

A. G.

RETURN of the Deaths, Discharges, and Desertions, which have taken place in the Army at Home,

from id May 1804 to lft May 1805.

Adjutant General’s Office, 12th June 1805.

Deaths. Discharges. Desertions.

In - May 1804 ----- 205 315 385 '

- June 197 410 368

- - July 129 239 458

- - August - -- - 121 159 452

- - September - 104 101 636

— October - -- -- - _2 133 193 373

' - - November ----- 109 303 339

• - December 134 193 355

- - January 1805 ----- 132 207 327

— February - 113 172 382

- - March - -- - 122 367 494

- - April - -- - 119 138 401

Total - 1,618 2,797 4,970

Harry Calvert,

A. G.

RETURN of the Number of Men added to the Army for General Service (exclusive of New Levies)

from ill May 1804 to lft May 1805.

Adjutant General’s Office, 17th June 1805.

Raised for Regiments in Great Britain Railed for Regiments in Ireland

Raised in Great Britain for Regiments Abroad, and for General Service Raised in Ireland for Regiments Abroad, and for General Service Raised for Foreign and Provincial Corps

Boys for General Service ......

Total

5,862

2,283

1,070

537

5,26*7

491

15,510

Exclusive of Recruits for Limited Service, and of Volunteers from Limited for Unlimited Service.

Harry Calvert,

A. G.

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

671

RETURN of the Number of MEN added to the Army for General Service, by New Levies, between lft May

1804 and ill May 1805.

Adjutant General's Office, 17th June 1805.

78th Regiment - - - 2d Battalion 70U1 - ----- 2d

Colonel John Burkes -

- - Lpju Viscount Matthew

- - Frede'ick John F likiner

- - Hon. llenry Browne

Total -

893

793

1,053

857

801

7 62

5,158

Note.—The Levy raised by the lion, Henry Browne has been since drafted into the 87th Regiment.

Harry Calvert,

A. G.

Appendix, (No. 15.)

19® Junii,

continued,. i-----—J

ASTATEMENTof the Amount of HALF-PAYand ALLOWANCES to the Reduced Oeficers of His Majesty’* Land Forces, on the -24th June and 24th Dec. 1804; shewing, the Diminution which took place in the latter Half-year.

Amount of Half-Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, according to the Numbers borne upon the Half-Pay Etiablishment on the -24th June 1804 -

Ditto -

War-Office June 1805

- ditto

on the 24th December 1804 -

Difference or Diminution in the Amount of the Half-Pay Establishment, which took place between the 24th June and 24th December 1804

Rate per Annum.

£■ s. d. 271,581 8 5

266j84 IO 11

4,796 17 6

W. Dundas.

RETURN of the Effective Strength of the Royal Veteran and Garrison Battalions, on lft May 1805.

Adjutant General's Office, 15th June 180$.

lft Royal Veteran Battalion 2d -

5th -

6th -

7th -

8th ......

9th - - No Return

lft Garrison Battalion 2d -

3d -

Total -

Total -

- 536

561

564

- 909

650

641

793

528

- - - now formir

- 5,182

• 613

468

- 324

- M°5

Harry Calverty

A. G.

672

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix, (No. 15.) 19® Junii,

continued.

RETURN of the BATTALIONS allotted for the Reception of Men to be Raised under the Additional Force Act of the last SeT.on

May 1805-_Also an Account of the Sums voted by Parliament for the said Battalions, under the following separate Heads;

Officers and CapUins; and for Great Coats ;-5th. Pay and Daily Allowances to Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men ;-am 6

RETURN OF NUMB-ERS.

1 ft Regiment, 3d Battalio

— - - 4th 1)0 -

•3d - - 2d D° -

5th - - 2d D° -

6th - - 2d L)° -

7th - - 2d D° -

8th - - 2d D° -

pth - - 2d D° -

10th - - 2d D° -

14 th - - 2d D* -

15 th - - 2d L)° -

•18th - - 2d D" -

21ft 2d D° -

23d - - 2d D° -

24th - - 2d D° -

25 th . - 2d D° -

*‘20th . - 2d D° -

27th - - 2d D° -

•28 th - - 2d Dp -

•30tk - - 2d D° -

31ft - - 2d D<* -

3?d - - 2d D° -

36th - - 2d D° -

38th - - 2d D° -

•39th - 2d D° -

40th - - 2d D8 -

*42d - - 2d D° -

43d - - 2d D° -

•44th - - 2d D° -

45tl> - - 2d D° -

•47th - - •2d D# -

•48th - - 2d D° -

50fh - 2d D* -

51ft - - 2d D* -

52d - 1 2d D° -

*53d - . 2d D® -

56th - . 2d Da -

•57* - - 2d D° -

•58th - - 2d D° -

59th - . 2d D° -

•6lft 2d D* -

6*2d -, . 2d D° -

63d - - 2d D8 -

•66th 2d D° -

•67th - - 2d D° -

•69th . - 2d D° -

7lft - - 2d D° -

72d - - 2d I)° -

73d - - 2d D° -

•81ft - - 2d I)* -

8<2d - - 2d D° -

83d -• - 2d D°

87th - - 2d D° -

88th - - 2d D° -

89th - 2d D° -

90th - - 2d D° -

91ft - 2d D° -

*92d - - 2d 1)° -

96th - - 2d D° -

Commissioned Officers. Non-commissioned Officers, Privates. and <u 24 3 •- и. 0 % c. J к. 00 to >» o =3 Total.

Lieut. Colonels. Majors. Captains. Lieutenants. Ensigns. Adjutants. Paymasters. Quarter Mailers. Surgeons. in S - 8 t-, =3 X *-> a, c: <£ < For Unlimited Service. For Limited Service. Serjeants. | Drummers. £ 4 s K

Serjeants. Drummers. Rank'& File. Serjeants. Drummers. Rank & File.

2 10 8 r 1 1 1 10 7 36 1 1 H9 8 11 8 193

2 10 2 1 r 1 1 - 10 6 40 ~ - 150 7 10 d >97

2 2 10 7 3 1 1 1 1 35 18 102 8 1 97 - 43 »9 359

2 10 6 7 1 1 1 1 - 17 8 141 " " 26 H 17 8 181

S 1 2 10 5 10 1 1 1 1 1 13 12 187 17 2 262 2 3° *4 451

2 10 17 1 1 1 1 - 7 18 28 - 3 ‘201 23 7 •21 251

2 3 7 7 1 1 1 - 1 23 13 166 2 - 42 -■ 25 13 io! ‘

2 10 5 6 1 1 1 - ] 12 4 56 - - 6 13 12 4 75

2 8 3 8 1 _ 1 - - 8 7 99 - 40 10 8 7 149

2 10 5 7 i 1 1 1 - 17 10 28 7 67 19 24 10 >>4

2 8 5 8 1 * 1 ] - 13 8 18 4 - . 30 4 17 8 5*

2 10 12 8 1 _ 1 1 2 42 22 251 - - 868 1 - 42 22 1,119

2 9 12 7 1 _ 1 1 1 32 20 190 - 162 i° 32 20 361

2 8 4 1 1 1 1 - 1 12 4 33 2 39 *3 >4 4 *5

2 8 5 6 1 1 1 1 . 19 9 12 1 - 12*2 8 20 9 >41

2 10 •2 7 1 1 - 1 22 8 66 - 3 35 - 42 11 101

2 8 12 3 2 1 1 0 53 21 3^ - - M34 - 53 21 1,106

2 9 3 6 1 1 1 - 1 23 4 65 - 1 446 20 23 5 53>

2 10 12 7 1 i l 1 2 53 21 13 - - 920 - 53 21 933

2 10 12 5 1 1 1 2 40 22 230 - - 528 40 22 75*

2 10 7 8 1 1 - _ 15 10 39 1 2 76 16 12 115

2 10 3 8 1 1 - H 6 25 - - 53 6 H 6 84

2 8 3 8 1 1 1 _ 18 4 3*22 - 1 7 1 18 5 33°

2 10 4 8 1 1 1 - 13 4 10 - 5 81 8 13 9 99

2 10 0 5 1 1 1 2 2 52 22 74i 8 52 22 75>

2 10 3 8 1 1 1 17 4 60 - - 162 21 17 4 243

2 8 11 3 1 1 1 1 2 53 22 43 - - 819 - 53 22 862

2 7 1 6 1 1 1 . 1 15 21 33 - 134 12 21 184

2 2 10 12 6 1 1 1 1 2 34 20 193 H 2 385 +8 22 57«

2 9 - 6 1 1 1 _ 1 18 4 3i - - 68 36 18 4 >35

2 9 9 6 1 1 1 1 2 53 22 23 - - 559 - 53 22 582

2 10 12 8 1 1 1 1 2 54 17 33 - - 899 - 54 '7. 937

2 6 1 5 1 1 1 - 2 15 22 - - 94 5 15 " 141

5 . 2 10 - 5 2 10

- 2 7 . 1 1 1 1 _ 1 6 3 7 6 3 92 13 12 6 112

2 2 10 12 5 1 1 1 1 2 54 22 1 - - 947 - 54 22 W8

1 2 7 5 7 1 1 1 1 . 23 12 08 - - 12 - 23 12 110

2 2 9 10 3 1 1 1 1 1 27 18 46 12 1 199 - 39 19 245

1 2 10 8 5 1 _ 1 1 1 47 20 28 * / 2 548 - 54 22 57*

2 2 9 11 8 1 1 1 _ 1 11 22 18 5 - 23 H id 22 00

1 2 9 12 8 1 1 1 1 2 21 8 44 19 8 438 - 40 l6 4S2

i 2 10 3 7 1 1 1 1 - H 3 15 6 3 87 41 20 0 143

1 2 10 - 8 1 1 1 _ 1 12 3 20 2 - ' 29 13 ’4 3 O'*

1 2 7 9 6 1 1 1 1 1 52 00 60 - - 892 - 52 22 952

1 2 10 6 8 1 1 1 2 1 37 22- 95 6 - 3^7 - 43 22 402

1 2 10 12 8 1 1 1 1 1 12 4 32 33 18 504 4 50 22 54°

1 2 7 5 4 - - 1 m 17 16 17 - 167 l7 17 id 201 16

1 1 3 11 8 1 1 l 1 H 4 10 - - 27 9 H 4 18

- - 1 - 4 _ 1 l _ _ - - 18 - -

1 2 10 10 5 1 1 1 1 2 51 22 11 - - 679 - 5» 22 690

1 2 5 5 7 ’ 1 - 1 - - 12 5 113 3 - 11 1 15 5 125

1 2 7 3 8 1 1 1 - 0 17 4 166 1 - 70 3 18 4 2J9

1 2 5 2 6 1 1 1 . 40 13 16 - - 86 - 40 13 102

1 2 7 6 8 1 1 1 j 21 15 187 2 . 137 1 23 15 315

1 2 2 9 9 6 7 5 7 1 1 1 1 1 - 21 19 13 10 93 11 - 118 47 17 43 21 30 13 10 »3o 183

1 2 2 7 10 3 9 6 8 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 2 17 54 2 20 47 25 2 1 9 d 654 11 19 54 3 20 154 6’79

1 2 0 5 6 1 1 1 - - 12 4 25 5 1 40 5 >7 5 r

38 113 495 3<59 357 54 45 57 3‘2 50 >.396 063 3.873 234 82 15.645 440 1,6 JO 745 19.95s

t Memorandum:

,'1 Sums above r,atfd voted for the Service of 1803. There was no Vote in 1804, on account of the Battalions formed fa 'tl "‘'T8 under the Additional Force Act of last Session: but for the 19 Second Battalions marked thus [ ](°r'S 1

ned for Hie purpose of receiving the Men raised under the Additional Force Ad of 1803, and afterwards allotted for the Reception Force Act of laflf Session) the following Sums were voted on Account of the year 1804 -

Total Vote on Account of the above Battalions

War Office, ] June 1805* )

Appendix

673

45 Geo. III.

[hewing the Number yf Battalions, and their Total Effective Strength in Officers and Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, on tft id. Pay of Officers; ad, Charge for Cloatlung Non-commissioned Otlicers and Private Men;—3d, Agency;—4th, Annual Allowances to Field The Total Amount voted for the said Battalions,

Appendix*

(No. 15.)

19* /un

continued.

SUMS V O T F, D.

Pay of OFFICE US. Charge for Clothing Non-commissioned O infers and Private Men. Agency. Annual Allowances to Field 0Hicers and Captains; and for Great Coats. Pay and Daily Allowances to Non-Commissioned Officers and Private Men. TOTAL AMOUNT Voted.

£ s. (L £. s. d. £■ s. d. £■ s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

5,3 5 5 1,38() 3 1 ! 191 li — 691 15 — 8,502 12 — 16,087 7 4

5*31 - 3 5 1,339 3 1 1 191 11 — 691 15 ~— 8,502 12 — 16,087 7 4

5*449 11 2,557 1 7 ‘240 17 — 754 15 — 16,441 7 _ ‘25*443 3 6

5,3 * - 5 5 1,3^9 3 11 191 11 — 69I 15 — 8,502 12 — 16,087 7 4

5,312 3 5 1*973 >> 9 215 12 8 7-3 5 — 12,471 19 6 20,696 5 4

5,3 *2 5 5 1,389 3 11 191 11 — 69 1 15 — 8,502 12 — 16,087 7 4

5,314 5 5 1,389 3 11 191 11 — 691 15 — 8,502 12 — 16,087 7 4

5*312 5 5 1.389 3 11 191 11 — 091 15 — 8,502 12 — 16,087 7 4

5.3 ‘ 2 5 5 1,3*9 3 11 191 11 — 69I 15 — 8,502 12 — 16,087 7 4

5*312 5 5 1389 3 11 191 11 — 691 15 — 8,502 12 — 16,087 7 4

5>31 2 5 5 1-3-9 3 11 191 11 — 69I 15 — 8,502 12 — 16,087 7 4

5*449 <2 1 1 2,557 1 7 ‘240 *7 — 754 15 — 16,441 7 — 25*443 3 6

5*3 2 5 5 i*973 •2 9 215 12 8 7 2 3 5 — 12,471'19 6 20,696 5 4

5*312 5 5 1,389 3 11 191 11 — 691 15 — 8,502 12 — 16,087 7 4

5*312 5 5 1,389 3 11 101 it — 691 15 — 8,502 12 — 16,087 7 4

5?3i2 5 5 1,389 3 11 191 11 —■ 691 ^5 — 8.502 12 — 16,087 7 4

5*449 *> 11 2,557 1 7 240 17 — 754 >5 — 16,441 7 — 25*443 3 6

5*312 5 5 1*389 3 11 191 11 — 091 *5 — 8,502 12 16,087 7 4

5*449 •2 11 2,557 1 7 240 17 — 754 J5 — 16,441 7 — 25,443 3 6

5449 2 11 2,557 1 7 240 17 — 754 l5 — 16,441 7 — 25,443 3 6

5*312 5 5 1,389 3 11 191 11 — 691 15 — 8,502 1‘2 — 16,087 7 4

5*312 5 5 1,389 3 11 191 11 — 691 15 — 8,502 12 — 16,087 7 4

5*312 5 5 1,389 3 11 191 11 — 691 15 — 8,502 12 — 16,087 7 4

5*312 5 5 1,389 3 11 191 11 — 691 15 — 8,502 12 — 16,087 7 4

5*449 0 11 2,537 1 7 240 17 — 754 15 — 16,441 7 — 25,443 3 6

5*312 5 5 1,389 3 11 191 11 — 691 15 — 8,502 12 — 16/ 87 7 4

5*449 0 11 2,557 1 7 *240 17 — 754 !5 — 16,441 7 — 25,443 3 6

5*312 5 5 1,389 3 11 191 11 — 691 15 ~ 8,502 12 — 16,087 7 4

5*449 2 11 2,557 1 7 ‘240 J7 — 754 15 — 16,441 7 — 25,443 3 6

5*312 5 5 ‘ 1,389 3 11 191 11 — 691 J5 — 8,502 12 — 16,087 7 4

5*449 0 11 2,557 1 7 240 17 — 754 15 ~' 16,441 7 — 25*443 3 6

5,449 2 11 2,557 1 7 240 17 — 754 15 — 16,441 7 — 25,443 3 6

5*312 5 5 i,«S9 3 11 191 it _ 691 15 — 8,502 12 — 16,087 7 4

5*312 5 5 1.389 3 11 191 11 — 691 15 — 8,502 12 — 16,087 7 4

5*312 5 5 1,389 3 11 191 11 — 691 15 — 8,502 12 — 16,087 7 4

5*449 2 11 2.557 1 7 240 17 — 754 15 — 16,441 7 — 25,443 3 6

5*312 5 5 . 1,589 3 11 191 11 — 691 15 — 8,502 12 — 16,087 7 4

5*449 2 11 2-557 1 7 240 17 — 754 15 — 16,441 7 — 25,443 3 6

5*449 2 11 2,557 1 7 ' 240 17 — 754 15 — 16,441 7 — 25,443 3 6

5*312 5 5 1,589 3 11 11 — 691 15 — 8502 12 — 16,087 7 4

5*449 2 11 2,557 1 7 •240 *7 ~ 754 15 — 16,441 7 — 25*443 3 6

5*312 5 5 1.,--.So 3 ii 191 11 — 691 15 — 8,502 12 — 16,087 7 4

5*312 5 5 1,389 3 11 191 11 — 691 15 — 8,502 12 — 16,087 7 4

5*449 0 11 2,557 1 7 240 17 — 754 15 — 16,441 7 — 25,443 3 6

5*449 2 11 2,557 1 7 •240 17 — 754 15 — 16,441 7 — 25,443 3 6

5*449 2 11 2,557 1 7 240 17 — 754 15 — 16,441 7 — 25,443 3 6

5*3i2 5 5 1,389 3 11 191 11 — 691 15 — 8,50212 — 16,087 7 4

5*3i2 5 5 1,389 3 11 191 11 — 691 15 — 8,50212 — 16,087 7 4

5*312 5 5 1,389 3 11 191 11 — 691 15 — 8,50212 — 16,087 7 4

5*449 0 11 2,557 1 7 240 17 ~ 754 15 — 16,441 7 — 25*443 3 6

5*312 5 5 1,389 3 11 191 11 — 691 15 " 8,50212 — 16,087 7 4

5*312 5 5 1,389 3 11 191 11 — 691 15 — 8,50212 — 16,087 7 4

5*312 5 5 1,389 3 11 191 11 — 691 15 — 8,50212 — 16,087 7 4

5*312 5 5 1,389 3 11 191 21 — 691 15 — 8,50212 — 16,087 7 4

5,312 5 5 1,389 3 11 191 11 — 691 15 ~ 8,50212 — 16,087 7 4

5*3i2 5 5 1,389 3 11 191 11 — . 691 15 — 8,50212 —' 16,087 7 4

5*312 5 5 1,389 3 11 191 11 — 691 15 — 8,50212 — 16,087 7 4

5*449 2 11 2,557 1 7 240 17 — 754 15 — 16,441 7 — 25,443 3 6

5*312 5 5 1,3*9 3 11 191 11 — 691 15 — 8,502 12 — 16,087 . 7 4

316,024 12 1 105,320 4 5 12,285 6 4 42>°73 5 — 660,428 8 — 1,136,132151° •I*

100,108 12 6 59,451 1 7 4,954 6 7 ' 14,938 15 — , 388,866 5 5 568,319 1 1

4*6,133 4 7 164,771 6 — 17*239 12 11 57*olt2 1,049,294 13 5 i,7°4,45i 16 11

IV. Dundas,

Vol. 60. 8 I

1

1

674-

Appendix.

1805,

Appendix,

(No. 15.)

190 Juniiy

continued.

R K T U ft N of the Number of EFFECTIVE MEN Raised tinder an Act, passed in the left Session of Parliament, intituled, «A,

.< j.-orces. and for the gradual Reduction of the M.litia of England from the 6th day of April last to the period of the lad ReUu*^ been recruited on Account of the Parirt.es by Officers in His Majesty's Service; and also, specifying the Number of Effective M, m

EN LIST ED from 7 the 6th •» - j

COUNTIES.

London City Lancaster -Suirex

York (West Riding) York (North Riding) Somerl’et -Dorset Essex

Bedford Buckingham Northampton York (East Riding)

Anglesey -Carnarvon Denbigh -Flint -Merioneth

Warwick -Cumberland Westmorland Devon

Huntingdon Leicester Cambridge -

Cheshire Cornwall -Durham Stafford Shropshire -Worcester -Nottingham

Rutland

Norfolk

Gloucester

Hertford

Oxford

Berks

Surrey Kent -Cinque Ports

Derby

Northumberland

Wilts

Suffolk

Hants

I fie of Wight

Lincoln Hereford -

Montgomery

Radnor

Tower Hamlets Middlesex -

Monmouth Glamorgan Brecknock -Cardigan -Carmarthen Pembroke -

Total -

to 12th April 1805. To 19th April. To 26th April. To 3d May. To 10th May.

By Parish Officers. By Regiments. ►4 *< H H By Parish Officers. By Regiments. Total. i By Parish Officers. 1 By Regiments. Total. By Parish Officers. By Regiments. Total. By Parish Officers. By Regiments. %

1 1 m 4 4

6 1 7 0 - 2 5 - 5 4 1 5 4 4

- 1 1 - 3 3 - •2 2 - 1 1

1 1 1 1 2 - - - - 1 1 -

_ _ - - 1 1

_ _ - 1 1 - - - - 1 1 - 2 2

- - - 2 2 - 1 1 - - - 1 1

- 1 1 2 -

_ . - 1 1 - - 2 2

1 1 - 1 1

- - - - 1 1 2 - 2 - 1 1 - 3 3

1 1

- - , ——

- _ - - 5 5 - 1 1 1 1 - 1 1

m " •: * m ::

2 3 1 1

- 3 3 - 1 1

2 2 -

" " m 2 *" 2 1 1 - * - •

2 . 2 4 1 5 1 is 1 2 3 4 . 4

1 1 1 1 2 - - - 1 1 2 2

1 4 5 4 3 7 - 2 2 1 3 4 6 4 10

3 3 1 ~ 1

2 2 _ 1 1 . 1 1

- 2 2 - 2 2 - 1 1 - - . - 1 1

1 - 1 - - - 3 4 7 - 2 2 - -

4 4 ' 4 4 1 3 4 3 1 4 m 2 2

1 1 ;: ;: *:

- 3 3 - 6 6 - 2 2 - - - - 4 4

- 1 1 - 1 1 -

1 1 -

- - - 2 - 2 5 1 6 -

- i 1 - - - - 1 1 -

* 1 1 - 1 1 ——

- 1 1 - 1 1 - 1 1 - - _ - - s

1 1 - 1 i ——

- 5 5 - 1 1 - 3 3 - 1 1 -

" ~ - - 1 1 - - - - 2 2 - 3 3

2 2 - - - r - - - - m 1 1

1 1 2 _ _ _ _ * _ _ m m

1 m 1 1 - 1 - - - 1 - 1 1 - 1

- - - - . - _ .. . m

* * ——

1 1 m _

5 1 6 4 4 5 - 5 7 - 7 5 - 5

- 3 3 - - - _ 1 1 1 1

1 - 1 - - .

~ - - - . .. . _ _ m

• 1 1 ——

1 1

19 36 55 22 4° 62 *4 33 57 18 28 46 23 29 5*

To 17th May.

4 4

Inspector Generals Office, 17th June 1805.

45 Geo. Ill;

Appendix.

675

for efl.blishing and majoumms a Permanent Additional Force for the the Realm, u.d to provide for eugmeiiting His Majesi/s Regular

.h. Number r BM Me. reis.d per Week; drfUug.Uhing the Number provided i» eueb Count, b, eh, Purdl. Olfiem, fmm tueb an hu.e uude, the Cud tfl. »ho here trithin the ubo.e period ..lifted i.to H,e Mujeiljt, R,gn, F,r, f, Gemral Sln

Appendix, (No. 15.) 19* Junii

continued.

In the Absence of the Inspector General,

D* Inipe&or General.

676 Appendix. A. 1805.

Appendix, (No. 15.)

continnt’d.

ii° JuniL

An ACCOUNT shewing the Number of SOLDIERS who have been discharged the Honourable the East India Company s Service, and resumed to Europe; from the year 1788 to the year 1794, both inclusive.

Years.

1788

17S9

1790

J79*

1792

1793 J794

Military Fund Office, East India House, 7 19th June 1805. 3

Returned*

4°3

3S2

289

240

34

- 246 166

2,072

1Vm For/stcen.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of RECRUITS, sent to India in the Service of the United East India Company, [roh the Season 1/S8 to 1794, both indulive; viz.

Season.

1788 - - 1,031

1789 - . 2)I^j

1790 -

*79* * s,i;j6

>791 ...... 1,540

‘793 * ...... 453

79+ ...... - , - - 84

Total - - g,8o

East India House, 7 the 18th June 1805. ) Jmm Comq*.

Annual R ETURN S of the Effective Strength of the East India Company’s European Army; from 1788 to 1704, inclusive.

Ben gal. M a dras. Bombay. Total. Grand Total.

Artillery. Infantry. Artillery. Infantry. Artillery. Infantry. Artillery. Infantry.

- - - 905 2,325 705 U451 3G8 e»8 i,978 4*7^4 6,742

1789 - - - 793 2,047 681 1,884 369 1,193 i>843 5,124 6,967

1790 - - - 860 2,023 65+ U954 307 1,075 1,821 5,052 6,873

>791 - - - 1,052 2,186 9+ 2,170 367 i,i54 2,113 5,5io 7,623

1792 - - 1,032 2,046 73+ 2,387 3C9 i>°74 2,135 5,507 7,642

*793 - - - 1,003 2,35* 830 2,770 393 1.306 2)226 6,427 8.653

*794 * T . 865 *>59 815 2,821 397 1,286 2,077 6,616 8,603

N. B. The above includes Non-commissioned and Privates.

East India House, 7 jjrm ttt »

19th June 1805. j (Errors Excepted.) W Wrighty

Auditor of India Accompts,

2 4° Jw

UETU RNoftheNamber of Men wanting to complete His Majesty’s Regular EUROPEAN CAVALRY and INFANTRY, lit of May 1805; Distinguishing the Britid, from the Foreign Troops, and the General from Limited Service.

Adjutant General’s Office, 21 It June 1S05.

Great Britain,

and Ireland. On Foreign Total.

the I (lands. Stations.

Cavalry -

" 5,813 1,517 916 8,0+6

Foot Guards -

* — - ‘ 1,266 - - - ... 1,2 66

Infantry of the Line for General Service

* 3,79+ 3,i63 15>132 22,09+

Infantry of the Line for Limited Service - 13,181 2,057 15,238

Royal Veteran Battalions -

• - fc " 363 - 114 +77

Garrii'on Battalions -

* " - 695 - 695

C Cavalry •

> oreigo Corps 2 " 236 - m m - 236

1 1 1 1 1 a* j? - 575 288 2,545 Sr+o8

Total - - - 25,923 7,030 18,707 51,660

W. Wynyard.

D'A.G.

45'Geo. III.

Appendix.

677

A it T R A C T of the R LI URNS of Men Railed under The Perm anext Addition a l Police Act; shewing the Nuird er of Men raiii d in Ext.i.anl> anil \\ alls tro.n the passing oi th.e Act to the ift o| 1 ebruary 1^05, and from the* lit «>l Teh:nary tc» the present tnne; also the lame, with lelpeH to Scotland and Ireland lovcrally; together with nil the other Particulars, us for-nfied in the lie capitulation ol funihr Returns, already presented to the llouic, from this Office.

inspector Gencrm’s Office, 21 ft Jura; if-05.

Number Fillilied: Casuals: i 1 NuniS.v Number Volun- teered General Service.

PERIODS. Bv Parish Office rs. By Regimen'uil Oiiicers. Total. Dif- i charged. 1 0 ! Dead. Defected. 1 ol' j Ni.-n.

• From the passing of the Act to the lit February 1805 - 797 498 1,295 47 1 168 i 1 i 4,079 343

ENGLAND and, WALES - -j ) From the ift of February to the | 2 ill of June 1805 - 4f»7 875 U342 74 1 6 297 i 9^5 * 57s

1 a Total - - 1,264 U373 2.637 121 7 465 | 2,044 921

-From the puffing of the Act to the ift February 1805 - 235 32 267 8 18 241 33

SCOTLAND From the ill of February to the 2 ill of June 1805 - 208 1 111 319 6 1 32 280 73

, Total - - I 44:1 H3 5s6 H 1 50 1 521 106

1 r From the passing of the Act to the k ill February 1805 - 1,181 1,181 7 1 175 998

IRELAND - -< J From th.e ift of February to the } 2 lit of June 1S05 - 1,111 206 h3i7 14 3 341 959 —

1 L Total - - j ?,202 206 2,498 21 4 516 1,957 —

General Total - -; 3*999 1 1,722 5,721 156 12 1,031 4,5*22 1,027

Appendix, (No. 15.)

1\* Juniiy continued.

S\ Broiaij

D* Inspector General.

RETURN of the Number of RECRUITS Enlifled and Approved for the Royal Regiment of Artillery, the Horse Brigade, the 25° Junii. Brigade of Gunners and Drivers, and the Companies of Foreign Artillery; between ill Jamiaiy and ift June 1805.

Woolwich, June ‘25th 1805.

Gunner Recruits. Volunteers from the Militia. Gunner Driver Rea aits. Total.

Royal Regiment of Artillery -. Horse Bi igade -Brigade ol Gunners and Drivers Companies of Foreign Artillery — — :] 710 60 at CJI 1 1 251 M95 251 - 60

General Total - i 0 785 j 251 } 1,806

J. Macleod,

D. Adj. Gen. R. ArtilC

RETURN of the Non-commissioned Officers, Privates, and Artificers, belonging to the Royal Regiment of Artillery; including the Horse Brigade, Brigade of Gunners and Drivers, and Companies of Foreign Artillery, on the ill of June 1805.

Woolwich, June 25th, 1805.

Serjeants. Rank and File, including Recruits joined and approved. Gunners and Drivers. Drummers or Trumpeters. Eniifted Artificers. Total.

In Great Britain, * Ireland, Jersey,-< and Guernsey: t rMarching Battalions -i Horse Brigade - J Invalids ----- I Brigade of Gunners and Drivers ^Company of Foreign Artillery - 223 62 48 122 2 6,544 1,003 663 78 551 4>n9 179 I r II 29 1 70 254 6,946 1,697 72 2 4,524 81

Total serving in the United Kingdom - 457 8,288 4,670 231 1 | :>H 13:97°

Serving on Foreign Stations: r Marching Battalions -1 Invalids ----- \ Brigade of Gunners and Drivers £ Companies of Foreign Artillery 113 2 5 9 3,292 291 160 61 1 2 4 3:: 19 169 302

Total serving on Foreign Stations 129 3,599 160 64 4 3,956

General Total - - 586 11,887 4,830 295 328 17,026

/. Madeody

D. Adj. Gan, R.ArtiPh

8 K

678

Appendix.

1805;

Appendix, (No. 15.) 25* Junii,

continued.

RETURN of the Number of RECRUITS Enlisted and Approved for the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and

Labourers; between the id January 1805 and lft June 1805 ;—Viz.

RECRUITS Enlisted and Approved

No.

- 239.

R Morfty

lieu1 General commanding the Corps,

RETURN of the Non-Commissioned Officers, Privates, Artificers, and Labburers, belonging to the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, on the lft of June 1805; specifying the Total of the said Corps fervifig Ifl the United Kingdom, Jersey, and Guernsey, and the Total serving Abroad.

—. . — 1 - — - Serjeant Majors. Privates:

Serjeants. Corporals. r Artificers. 1 Labourers.

Total serving in the United Kingdom, Jersey, and Guernsey - 7 25 35 606 36

Total serving Abroad - -- - 2 13 »+ 226 —

General Total - 9 38 49 83* 36

R Morse,

Lieu1 General commanding the Corps.

RETURN of the Deaths, Discharges, and Desertions, which have taken place In the Army at Home, from the lft May

1803 to the 31ft December 1804.

Adjutant General's Office, June 1805.

In May - -June - -July - -

August September oAober November December

In January February -March April - -

May - -

June - -July - -August - -September October -November December

British rlVoops: Foreign Troops:

t A - i

Deaths. Discharges. Desertions. j 1 Deaths. Discharges. Desertiotis.

1803 _ a 95 430 303

— - " 97 185 280 — — —

— - - 7 6 180 402 1 —X —

— - 47 144 326 — — —

— - * 87 603 303 3 1

— - 66 171 357 — — . —

—— *55 89 330 — — —

" 239 273 346 1 - 1

Total - 862 2.075 2,647 4 - 2

1804 - - 26l 297 335 3 2

- 210 301 362 3 - 6

- 275 219 338 1 —

- 230 456 273 1 11 6

- 204 187 301 410 37 362 1 10 H 9 6

- 125 224 448 4 15 10

119 141 448 2 18 4

" * " 98 72 631 6 29 5

" * 130 136 359 ' 3 57 14

" 105 288 330 4 15 9

127 182 347 7 11 8

Total * 2,071 3,027 4,609 45 *74 77

General Total - 2,933 5,102 7,256 49 174 79

The Regimental Returns do not particularize the Casualties as they occur in the Limited or Unlimited Service Men.-They

are returned upon the whole llrength of the Regiment.

W.

.DTA.Q,

45 Geo. ILL Appendix: ' (579

RETURN of the Total Effective Strength of the BRITISH ARMY, at Home and Abroad, on the ill June 1805.

Adjutant Generals Office, 26th June 1805.

Cavalry. Infantry. Militia.

In Great Britain - J - - * - 14,612 42/265 57.469

In Ireland - 4,468 124,768 16,200

3,820 —

In Guernsey ----- 3.689 —

On Foreign Stations, including Recruits and Detach-} lents at the Army Depot, belonging to Regiments > 2,680 t 62,678

Abroad - - - -)

General Total - 21,760 137^13 73.669

Appendix, (No. 15.)

continued,

i6° Junii.

Note.—17,865 Men for Limited Service, and 21,628 Men belonging to Foreign and Provincial Corps in British Pay,

are included in the above General Total of Cavalry and Infantry.

W. Wynyard.

Dr A. G.

RETURN of the Number of MEN wanting to complete His Majesty’s Regular European Cavalry and Infantry, on the lft June 1805; distinguishing the British from the Foreign Troops, and the General from Limited Service.

Adjutant Generals Office, 26th June 1805.

' Great Britain On

and Ireland. Foreign Total.

the Islands. Stations.

Cavalry 5.672 1,712 916 8,300

Foot Guurds . 1,056 - - 1,056

Infantry of the Line for General Service - 3>°43 2,295 15,544 20,882

Infantiy of the Line for Limited Service - 11,776 1,962 - 13.738

Royal Veteran Battalions - 320 - 103 423

Garrison Battalions ----- 712 - - - 23 735

f Cavalry - 240 - - - 1 - 240

Foreign Corps: < 2.967

(Infantry - 848 157 3,972

Total - 23.667 6,126 19,553 49,346

W. Wynyard,

W A.&

680

Appendix*

A. 1805

Appendix, (No. 15.) 26° Junii,

continued.

Admiralty Office, 7 RETURN of the Number of M E N who have Entitled into the Royal Marines from the Militia, under 26th June 1805. j the Act of the present Session, according to the latest Returns.

From what Regiments of Militia. Serjeants. Corporals. Drummers. Privates. Total.

For the CHATHAM Division:

Royal Bucks - 2 4 - - 87 / 93

Fn'ii Weft York - 4 1 39 0 0 44 00

First Lancashire ----- X X £ XX ft

Second ditto ----- u w

First Stafford , - - " * * . - - 2 - - - 39 41

Weft Suffolk - - " " l5 ft 15 f:

Flintshire ----- 0 0

South Essex ----- 2 Q 2 0

Cumberland ----- O 0

Westmorland 3 3

Lanarkshire ----- 6 6 /

Weft Suffolk - 1 2 * 19 22

Fall ditto ----- 15 15

Fifelliire - 1 1 12 H

Second Staffordshire - 0 9

Tenth, or Invernefsshire - 2 2

First British Militia - - - r - - •- * t

Fifty-fifth ditto - 1 1

Aberdeenshire 9 9

Forfar - - k - 1 1 2

Twenty-first Regiment of Militia - 3 3

Stirlinjzshire ----- - 1 - - - 16 17

Forty-third ----- 2 2

Renfrewshire ----- 2 2

Fifty-first, or Edinboro’ - *9 19

Third Lincoln ----- 1 1

Total for Chatham Divifwn - 10 10 1 344- 365

For the P 0 RT S M O U T H Division: -

First Somerset ----- 3 x - - 118 122

Second Somerset - - - - 2 2 - - 108 112

Weft Essex * - 2 1 - 40 , 43

Cardigan - - . - 6 6

Merioneth ----- 1 - - - 12 13

Carnarvon ----- 1 - - - 21 22

Second Lancashire - _ 3 1 - - 40 44

Third Lancashire ----- - 1 - - - 1

Pembroke ----- - 1 1

Weft Norfolk - - - ’ - 5 5

East Norfolk ----- 15 15

Cumberland ----- 1 1

South Hants - 1 - - - - 1

Total for Portsmouth Division - H 5 - - 367 3R6'

For the PLYMOUTH Division:

Royal Cornwall - 5 8 - M° 153

First Devon ----- 2 , - - 34 36

Worcester ----- 3 i - 63 67

North Devon - 1 43 44

South Devon ----- - 70 7°

Carmarthen - - - 27 27

Shropshire ----- 1 - 6 7

3d Garrifbn Battalion - - 3 - - - m ~ 3

Second Warwick - - 2 - - _ .. 2

Royal Cumberland - - - - 2 2

Royal Carmarthen ----- - 2 1 . 10 13

South Devon ----- 1 - - 6 7

Total for Plymouth Division - 15 15 - - 401 431

D® - Portsmouth Division - H 5 - 367 386

D® - Chatham Division - 10 10 1 344 365

General Total - 39 30 1 1,112 1,182

W* Marfden,

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix

681

RUTURN of the Number of MEN who have Volunteered from the Regiments of Militia in Great Britaix, under the Act of Parliament passed loth of April 1805, into the Regular Army and Royal Marines. (

Adjutant General’s Office, acth June 1805,

Serjeants. Corporals. Privates.

Royal Artillery ----- 1 8 904

Artificer* . - 1 3 188

Foot Guards ----- 10 11 294

Regiments of the Line - 130 250 8,268

Royal Marines - - - - 28 23 1,042

> Total - 170 2Q5 10,696

W. Wynyard,

D' A. G.

Appendix, (No. 15.) 26* Junii,

continued,

RETURN of the Number of MEN Raised for the New Levies, between the lft January and the id May 1805, which are included * Juilliy

in the Adjutant General’s Return of Recruits raised during that period by the ordinary mode of Recruiting.

Adjutant General's Office, 26th June 1805.

In January - f 78th Reg1 - - 2d Battn \ 79th - - - - 2d - - - 167 - - - 62J 78

In February - C 78th - - - - 2d - ( 79th - - - - 2d 1 1 1 1 1 C/l 07 v—' 101

In March - - 79th - - - - 2d - 178

Id April - - 98th - 1

Total 358

RETURN of the Number of MEN who have Volunteered from the Militia into the Regular Army, under the AA of the loth April 1805, who are included in the Adjutant General’s Return of the Effective Strength of the Army on the lft of May 1805.

Adjutant General’s Office, 26th June 1805. Total - . - * - 3,12°*

ESTIMATE of the Sums that may be required for the Service of the BARRACK DEPARTMENT in Great Britain,

in the year 1805.

Coals and Candles Bedding and Furniture -Barrack Matter's Expenditures - - D° - - Salaries, &c.

£■ *• d-135,000-----

10,000 -----■

40.000 -

47.000 -

Rents -

Lodging Money -

Allowance to Governors, he. -

Barrack-Office Establishment, and Contingencies

45.000 -

25.000 -

3,000-----

20,906-----

On Account of Additions, Fittings, New Barracks, and Hospitals, executed in the

year 1804 ...... £• 594,973

On Account of New Work*, ordered to be erected in the year 1805 - 172>53°

Repairs for the year 1805 - - " " 65,353

325,906-----

832,856-----

1,158,76 a-----

Appendix, (No. 16.)

2* Februarii.

1

Barrack-Office, *) lft February 1805. 3

Vol. Go.

G. Hewitt,

B. M. G.

8 L

682

Appendix. 1805.

Appendix, (No. 17.)

4° Fcbmarii.

Navy Office, 1 An £StIMATE of the DEBT of His Majesty's Navy, as it flood on the 31ft December 1804. 31ft Jan. 1805. 5

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

NAVY:

Due—For Bills payable at Ninety Days date, for Naval Stores, Slop Clothing for Seamen, &cc. supplied for" the Service of the Navy ...... -

For Stores delivered into His Majesty's several Yards, &c. for which no Bills were made out on the 31ft December 1S04; also for several Bills of Exchange accepted -

For Wages to His Majesty's several Yards and Rope Yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary ......

For Half Pav to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by His Majesty in Council on that behalf ——

To pay the Wages unpaid, on Books of Ships paid off -

For Wages due to Ships in Sea Pay on 31ft December 1804 -

VICTUALLING;

As per Account received from those Commissioners.

Due—For Bills payable at Ninety Days date, for Provisions, Stores, &c. -

For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out dn the 31ft December 1804 -

For Necessary and Extra Necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies -

To Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports - - -

For Short Allowance Money to the Companies of His Majesty's Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off ——

SICK and WOUNDED;

As per Account received from those Commissioners.

Due—For Quarters and Cure of Sick and Wounded Seamen on Shore from His Majesty's Ships at the several Ports, Prisoners of Wer, and Contingencies, relating to that Office -

TRANSPORTS;

As per Account received from those Commissioners.

Due—For Bills payable at Ninety Days date, for Freights of Transports and Stores, and for the Subsistence, Clothing, 6cc. of Prisoners of War in Health -

For Freight of Transports and Stores supplied, Wages to Officers, and Contingencies; also, for Subsistence and Clothing of Prisoners of War in Health, for which no Bills were made out on the 31ft December 1804 ......

There remained in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of His Majesty's Navy, on the 31ft December 1804 -

And also to come in from His Majesty’s Exchequer, of the Supplies

Particulars.

£■ S. d.

•.369.397 6 2

464,986 18 11

t O 00 11 O

226,211 5 3

196,699 4 2

1,215,326 1 4

666,453 16 0

37.051 15 0

81,120 3 10

60,924 13 3

35.038 18 S

200,42111 11

440,954-2 8

509,6671 11!

1,068,469 0 ol

TOTAL.

£ d.

)3>890ffa5 6 le

) 880,589 6 6

98,644 7 n

641,375 >4- 7

5>511»234 *5 10

}i,578>i36 2 °i

3.933.°98 »3 9i

The Debt of the Navy will then be Three Millions Nine Hundred and Thirty-three Thousand and Ninety-eight Pounds Thirteen Shilling*

and Nine Pence Three Farthings.

A. S. Hamond.

Wm Ride.

//. Duncan. W. Palmer.

J. Hcnjlozv. H. Harmood.

S. Gambler.

F. J. Hartxeell.

Memorandum :—There was remaining in the I lands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31ft December 1804> m Money, as under-mentioned, and may be reckoned towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy:

In what Treasurers Hands. On the Heads of Total.

Navy. Vi<flualling. Sick & Wounded. Transports.

£■ d. £. *. d. £. .. d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

Ri-ht Honourable Henry Dundas, lft Treasr - 4,531 H 3i 4,531 J4 3i

Right Honourable Charles Townsend 2,982 5 loi 643 17 >1 3 2 10 - - - 3,6-9 5 9i

Right Honourable Henry Dundas, 2d Treasr 2,76i 18 3^ 296 — 3 — 2 3J - 3,058 — 9i

Right Honourable George Canning - 395.383 19 6t 45,in 2 5$ 30,129 15 7i 27,823 3 6 498,448 > i

£■ 405,659 17 11J 46,050 19 gj 30,133 — 8| 27,823 3 6 509,667 1 ni

Ihere remained to coir.e in from His Mujelh’s Exchequer of the Naval Supplies, on the 31ft December 1804 - ~£. 1.068,469

45 Geo. HI*

Appendix.

683

Ax ACCOUNT from tl-e Bank of Engl iiid, of the Receipt and Expenditure of .£.6,851,201. 10 s. 10d. in One Year, from 3d February 1804 to 31ft January 1805, by the t. ointnilboucis for the Reduction of the National Debt, and of the Receipt of £.1,698,926. 134*. 8c/. to be applied lii the Quarter between lit February and 1 It May 1805. x

Dr* - -- - The said Commissioners with The Governor and Company of The Bank of England.

Appendix,

(No. 18.)

6° Februarii.

_______>

Crs

TO CAVH Paid for the following Stock, purchased as the Act

directs:

Capital Stock.

£. 2,600,cco. Consolidated £.3.-Per-Ct Ann' -8,941,120. Reduced Ann"5 Confold -142,000. Navy £.5.-Per-Cl. Ann'Confold 321,600. Old South Sea Ann*

67.000. New South Sea Ann*

13.000. £. 3.-Per Cent. Ann* 1751 90,400. Imperial £. 3-Per-Cent. Ann* -

£.11,975.120.. The Int. on which is

£.361,093. 12. o.

6,851,201 lO lO

Bank of England*

6th Fib* 1805. j

BY CASH Received at sundry times; (Viz1.):

From the Exchequer, being 4 Quarterly I flues ......

being an additional I flue ——

From the Exchequer, being the appropriation for One Year, at the Rate of £. i.-Per-Cent. per^ Ann. towards the Redemption of £.180,295,486. 19. 4. Confold £.3.-Per-Cent. Ann5

£3,511,487. 10. o. Red. Ann'Confold -16,975,084. 17. 2. £.4.-Per-Ct Ann* -

IO>255>5^9* 9 9- Navy ^5-Per-C1 Ann* Confold-

22,352,456. 5. o. £.5.-Per-Cr Ann 1797 -

3,669,300. o. o. Impi £. 3.-Per-Ct Ann* -

339»295* *3* 8k Confold Long Ann* - -

139,250. °* c* Ann9 to commence from 5th

January 1808, and to he added to Consolidated £.3.-Per-Cr Ann* - -

From the Exchequer, being the appropriation for J of a Year, at the Rate of £. i.-Per-C1 per Ann.* towards the Redemption of £. 11,890,000. o. o. Confold £. 3.-Per-Cl Ann*

14,500,000. o. o. Red. Ann9 Confold

:1

From the Exchequer, being the Amount of Ann* on Lives, payable at the Exchequer, and unclaimed for 3 Years before 5th January 1804 -

- - D° - - - being the Amount of Ann* on Lives expired between 5th Jany 1786

and 5th Jan/ 1804; Vir. 1745........., £.4,022-----

,746 - - 7,48a — —

1757 ----- 8,092 2 6

1778 - - 231 13 —

*779 ...... i>m 5 7

D° - - - being the Amount of Ann* fer 99 and 96 Years, which expired 5th Feb*

1792; Via* For 99 Years -...£.48,515 2 4

For 96 Years ----- 6,365 12 —

For the Amount of the Yearly Payment on For 6 Months Intend on £. 32,600,000.

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

D°

Da

D°

2,583,00°.

660.000. 442,465.

38.450.000.

2.617.400. 3,233,000.

34.065.000.

2.615.000.

667.000. 488,391.

43,051,000.

2.617.400. 3,277,100.

the Ann8 1777 -

o. o. Coafold £. 3.-Per-Cr Ann8 due 5th JanX 1804 o. o. New South Sea Ann* - - D° * o. o. £. S.-Per-C1 Ann* 1751 - D°

o. o. Impi £. 3.-Per-Cr Ann8 due 1 ft Novr 1803 -o. o. Red. Ann* Confold due 5th April 1804 o. o. £. 4.-Per-Ct Ann8 - - D° -

o. o. Old South Sea Ann8 - - D° -

o. o. ConfoF £.3*-Per CT Ann8 due 5th July 1804 o, o. New South Sea Ann* - - D° -

o. o. £. 3.-Per-Ct Ann8 1751 - D° -

o. o. Impi £. 3--Per-Ct Ann8 due ift May 1804 -o. o. Red. Ann* Confold due 10th Oftr 1804 o. o. £. 4.-Per-Ct Ann* - - D° -

o. o. Old South Sea Ann8 - - D° -

£■ * 1,000,000 — ~ 200,000 —« -

2,919,29$ l6 —

65.975 — —

*8,437 14 6

*0,939 1

54,880 14 4

*5,000 — — 488,999 19 7 38,745 — — 9,900 — — 6,636 19 6 576,749 19 6

52,348-----

48,495 — — 510,974 19 7

39,225 -

10,005 — —

7>325 17 3 645,764 19 6 52,548 —■ — 49,156 10 —

6,851,201 10 10

BY CASH Received, to be Received, and to be Applied in the Quarter between ift Feby and the ift May 1805:

From the Exchequer, being a Quarterly Issue -

- - D° - - - being an additional Issue to be received - - * -

- D* - - - being the Amount of Ann8 for 99 and 96 Years which have expired; Viz.

For 99 Years - * £. 12,128 15 7

96 Year* - 1,591 8 —

- - D° - - - being the appropriation for J of a Year, at the Rate of £. i.-Per-C* per

Annum towards the Redemption of Loans from 1793 to 1804, both inclusive; Via.

On - - £. 192,185,486. 19. 4. Confold £. 3.-Per«Cl Ann8

68,011,487. 10. o. Red. Ann* Confold ——

16,975,084. 17. 2. £. 4.-Per Cl Ann* Confold -

io>255>589» 9* 9* Navy £. 5.-Per-Ct Ann8 - - ->

22>352>456- 5- °* £• 5.-Per-ct Ann* 1797 - -

*39>25°* °« °* £♦ J.-Per-O1 Ann9 to commence from 5th Jsny 1808 -

335,295. 13. 8}. Confold Long Ann* -

3,669,300. o. o. Impi £. 3-Per-C1 Ann* - -

For 6 Months Interest on £. 35,200,000. o. o Confold £. 3<-Per-Ct Ann* due 5th JanT 1805 -

D°

D°

D°

D°

142.000. o. o. Navy £. 5.-Per.C* Ann* Confold - - D° -

2,650,000. o. o. New South Sea Ann* ----- D° -

673.000. <5. o. £. 3.-Per-Ct Ann* 1751 - - - - D° -

534,205, c. 0. Imp‘£. 3.-Per-ClAnn8 due ift Novr 1804 - -

250,000 — — 50,000 — —*

13,720 3 1

795,798 9

517,999 19 7

3»55°-----

39,750-----

10,095 — — 8,013 1 6

1,698,926 13 8.

A, Newland,

Ckief C»flii«r.

634

Appendix.

A. K

Appendix, (No. 18.)

continued, 8" Fcbntarii.

19th YEAR,-----The ANNUAL ACCOUNTof the Commission,

’ / ' 71ft Quarter - - Dr. OLD ANN s 3-1\-Ct. Ni:"TXV3.p.{.

iptli Y EAR. Total CASH Received. 1804. Capital. 1 Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sun,

£■ d- February 3. •

GREAT BRITAIN: 7- ——

Quarterly Issue - - 250,000 8. € m ——

Additional D° ----- 50,000 9. 10. -

99 and 96 Ann* - - 13.720 3 72- H ——

Three Months Appropriation of £.i.perO 656,3*0 4 2.3 16. ——

Cent, per Annum, on Loans raised from > 1793 to 1803 3 17- ——

21. - - —

s b COn £• 31,865,400. Consols - 477,980 19 7 22. I ft

% 1 if < On £.2,583,000. New S° Sea 38,745 23- - - — _

s 1 Con £.660,000. Ann* 1751 9,900 28. ——

29. !

IRELAN D: March 1.

Three Months Appropriation of £. 1 per-") - - - —r - -

Cent per Annum, on Loans raised from > 1797 to 1803 -3 64>339 *9 9f 2.; 24,000 564 13*500 - -

Interestdue 5th January 1804, on £.734,600 ] Consolidated £. 3-per-Cents. - - j 11,019 6. 7* - 1 Ur C> 1 567 lO — 18;oooo 55 £ 10,01210

1,000 - - —

IMPERIAL: 8. ! - - - . 2,000 56 \ 1,122 10

Three Months Appropriation of £. 1 per- 7 , \ 57 i

Cent, per Annum, on Imperial Loan - J 9,*73 5 — 9- 1 2,000 1, H5 - •

Interest due 5th January 1804 on £.442,465 7 6,636 19 6 ,3* - - — 2,000 w--

Imperial £. 3 per-Cents. - - - J *4* | - - — _ m -

15* - -

16. ——

20. | - -

21. - -

22. - - — 10,000 56 ii 5,^210-

*■ t 23- - ——

27. i - - . - -

28.: ——

29. ——

April 4. - - _ -

6. 10.; ——

11. 12. 13- i7- ——

* 18. *9- •20. - - — - m -

24. - — -

26. ——

Total, 71ft Quarter ... 27- ——

*>587,825 11 81 27,000 56 g 15,212 10 — I 32,000 J 56

The Stock purchased this Quarter, on account of Ireland, is included in the Total of Consols, and is thus app<*

.ontd

jEO. III.

Appendix.

685

UC TIO N of the NATIONAL OxoBT, for the Year on.ling the 31ft January 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 18.)

8° Fvbruarii,

continued.

1751, 3-P.-Cr. CON S O Li> 3-P.-C r. I llEDUC E I) s-P.-Ct. j I IMPERIAL 3-P.-CT. cr.

Nl. In ice. Sums Paid. Capital. Prie e. Sums PaiJ. i Capita. Price. Sums paid.; Capital.: Price. Sums Paid. ' Total c\vi r.\; Total

.— 1 Bought. cash p.tid.

• - - - — t " - - — 62,500 56 J 35,078 2 6 i, Soo 55 090 1 j 64,300 36,oG8 2. 6

■ _ 1 " " —■ 64,000 56 i •£5*9-0 - - - — I 64,000 35,920

" — ~— 62,500 56 h i 35>i55 — — 1,800 55 g 99‘2 5 ~ ! 64,300 36,147 5 —

* ~ ~ ■— 64,500 56 J 36,200 12 6 i - | - - — 1 .; 64,500 36,200 12 6

— - - — 62,500 56 i 35,078 2 6 i i,3go | 1 55 900 i 64,3 no 30,n03 2 6

' ~ ~ " - — 64,000 56 1 36,0(0 - - — | 6 4,000 3'*,oooo — —

1 " ~ — 65,500 5.5 i 36,106 17 6 - - - 1 ,» 65,500 3Aio6 17 6

1 " t - — 1 65,600 55 h 3o°59 10 — 1,800 53 I 9';9 15 — 1 65,100 36,029 5 —

* * ~ 1 ~ - — i 64,400 56 I 35,144- 10 —; i - - - —; 64,200 j 36,1 2 1 JO

* " " 1 * v " — 1 65,000 5‘5 J 5 )'53'S 15 — ' i,8co 54 -i p83 10 — * 64,800 . °>.-,44 6 —

- - 1 — - — 6-| ,500 55 5 36,039 7 6 j - - - — C; ,500 8'd(,;>4 7 6

' ' ~ - ~ — 64,562 55 t 3 35,917 1 4 ! - - - — 64,562 :3'-9i7 1 4

- - — 6,000 55 0 3,337 10 — 56,700 561 31,792 5 —! 1,800 54 3 9S7,15 — ! 64,500 56,117 10 —

- - — 65,000 55 il 3(056 5 — _ - - — t r 1 or 0 I 36,156 5 —

- - — i 30,200 1 5.5 1 21,805 - - — l,8oo 54 i \ 9S7 15 ~ 1 05,000 36,29215 —

>00 55 j 3, Se3 15 — SS»5()0 55 :i 2! :463 15 — * - - — 63.500 35,37°

- - — 61,000 56 y 34,256 5 — - - — 1,800 55 2 999 63, Soo 35,802 15 —

- - — 6 j, 000 56 i 34, S75 - - - — ✓ _ - - — | 64,000 38,997 10 —

- - — 6(',oooo 56 c 33-975 - - - — 1,800 55 I 1,005 15 — I 63,800 30,125 15

- - — 1 61,500 I 56 g 34,824 7 6 - - - — 63,500 33.934 7 6

- - — , 61,000 i 57 33-770 - - — 1,800 56 I 1,012 10 — 62,800 33-782 10 —

- - — j 63,500 561 I 36,115 12 6 j | 35,387 10 — 1 1 - - - — 63,500 36,115 12 6

- - - — | 62,000 | I- C 0/ - - - * — 1,800 56 3 1,014 15 — j 65, Soo 36,402 5 —

- - - — ( 63,500 56 it 35.056 17 0 j j - - - — 1 63,500 33.936 17 6

- - - — 62,000 56 i 35,°3° - — 1,800 55 a 1,005 15 — 63,800 36,035 15 —

- - - — 53,5o 567 3^361 5 - t 63,500 36,023 15 —

- - - — 62,000 I 35>°3° - - - — 1,800 55:? 1,003 10 — I 63,800 36,033 10 —

- - - — j 65,500 5 0 t 35,377 10 - - - - * — 63,500 35,877 10 —

— | 62,000 5>< J 35,03° - - - — 1,800 55 e 1,005 15 — j 63,800 36,035 15 —

- - - — 1 j 65,500 5G 35^77 10 — - - •- - ! 63,500 33,877 1° —

- - - — 62,000 i 5<U 34-797 10 - 1,800 55 i 999 1 63,800 33,796 io —

- - - —; 6r;,0()0 53 I 36,237 10 - j 55j I 55 I 65,000 36,257 10 —

• - - — 1 1 - - — 64,000 54 I 35)1-0 1,563 [ 861 4 6 j 65,563 55.981 4 6

- - — 1 0,500 56 36,1*20 - - - — ' 64,500 36,120

- - - — i 64,600 | 5<U 36,337 10 " - - - — 64,600 t 36,337 10 —

- - - — | - - — 65,5 00 54 I 35)S6i 5 - * 65,500 35,801 5 —

- - . - — ! - - - — 65,5 00 55 36,025 - - - — 1 65,500 36,025 — —

- - - — 1 65,500 55 I 36,552 jo - - - - t — i 65,500 36,332 10 —

- - - — 165.000 [ 55 g 35 >99 3 >5 - 1 65,000 35,993 15 —

- - - — 165,000 53 5 S 36,133 15 - 1 65,000 36,133 15 —

- - - —; - - - — 66,000 54 2 36,135 - - - — 1 1 66,000 36,135

- - - — t - - — 66,500 r- 1 5a * 36,741 5 - j 66,500 36,741 5 —

- - —; - - - — 66,400 55 J 36,852 - - - — 66,400 36,852'

1 * - — I 12 06 g 6 15 3 \ 65>568 55 i 36,3(>S 5 7 - - - — I 65,580 36.313 — 1°

1

!>o L* 55 5 3,?93 1.5 —! I |i.4(ii.3ia l 56 4 822,088 12 9 J 1 1,281,730 56 g 712,892.19 5 28,563 55 g 15,810 4 6 ' p,237,605 1,587,825 11 8 (>

Cheat Britain Ireland - -

i60.

>326,053

J34Ar>9

i 1,461,31a

56 i 55 J

746:7-9 13 75,35S .19

S22,oS8 12

8 M

686

Appendix.

A. 180.

<-Uj,

Appendix,

(No. 18.)

8° Februarii, continued.

19th YEAR.—The Annual Account nf the (;01U,. , T

45

7 2d Quarter - - - . D' O LI 3 ANN 1 3 P.-Ct. NEW ANN * 3*P-'Cr. 1 A'*

19th YEAR. Total CASH Received. 1804. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums > :V -

£■ *■ d. May 2. ——

GRfeAT BRITAIN: 3- - 5 . — - - - j

Quarterly I flue ----- 250,000 4- - - - — j -

Ditto, Additional Iflire - 50,000 8. _ _ . - m

99 and 96 Ann* ----- ‘3>7‘i0 3 7 9- ——

Unclaimed Ann* ----- 28,437 14 6 11. - _ 1

Expired Ann* ----- 20,939 1 1 15* . , - _ 1 1

For 3 Months Appropriation of^.i per-Cent. on Loans raised trom 1793 to 1803, both, inclusive - ft 656,310 4 i\ 16. 5)55° 54 i <U.'( 3,°45 11 3 N j t - - —

18. - - —

=1. r°n ^-37.585,9-29 Rd a* - 5c3,833 18 3 ^3- _ m _ — v. — _ 2

| On £.2,617,400 Four per-C'* -to J 52,348 24- . - i -

£ 5 (^On £ $,‘233,000 Old S. S. - 48,495 30- - . - -

Half-yearly Payment on Anni 1777, duel 12,500 31-

5th April 1804 - - - *■ -3

June 1. _ _ _ - ,

IRELAND: 'V

For 3 Months Appropriation f£.i per-CenO \ 5- - .. N_ ' - — - - '- —

per Annum on Loans raised Irom 1797 to > 64,339 19 92 6. - V. -

1803, both inclusive ——

Interest due 5th April 1804, on £. 861,071 1 12,916 1 3 7- ——

Redd Anni - j 8. - —

IMPERIAL: 12. 5,050 55 I 2,783 16 3 - - —

For 3 Months Appropriation of£.i per-Cent. 1 9,‘73 5 — 13- 3,000 55 1,650

per Annum on £.3,669,300 l^P1 £*3 f per-Cent. A* - - - - J

H-

* . " "

15. ——

19. ——

20. - - r — * - - —

21. ——

22. - * - - ’ - - | ——

26. 7,000 55 h 3,885 | ——

27. - - - _; 1 1 - - — i

• 28. 5,000 55 f -,793 15 — 1 - - — .. 1

July 3. - - - - - - — •. 1

5. ——

, 6. - - - — 8,000 55 i 4,42°-- i )

10. - - - _ - - - —:

' 11. 2,500 56 h 1,403 2 6 - - j- —

12. - - — I

13. - — . i

• 17. ——

18. - - —

19. - - < ——

* 20. 5,000 56 i 2, S*25 - - - — l

H- - - — i . —:

26. - T j _ _ _ -

27. \ - - 1 _ - — 1

31 ——

72d Quarter - ',783,013 7 8| £■ 33,ioo 55 $ ‘8,386 5 — i 8,000 55 i 4d*° "

Geo. Ill

Appendix

687

he Redudinrr of the National Debt—continued.

N'N CO NSOL 0 3-P. Ct. REDUCED 3-P.-CT. IMPERIAL 3-P.- Ct. C'

tal. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. j Capital. Pi ice. Sums Paid. Total (WHIAL Bought. Total CASH PJd.

- - - - — | 7*,50° i 55 4 39,503 15 — j 600 54 I 325 10 72,100 39,829 5

~ * * - — 72,000 ! 55 i 3o,6yo i | 72,000 30,690 — —

- * — - — 7 * ,500 55 g 39,4'4 7 G | 600 54 -j 326 5 — 72,100 39,740 12 6

* - - — 71,500 55 39*3-5 - - - 7l»500 39,325 —* —

■ * " - — 71,060 55 h 39,405 — 600 541 327 15 — 1 71,600 39,732 15 —

■ - i 70,^00 551 38,3:3 2 6 600 54 i 326 5 — 71,100 39.189 7 6

- - 71,0(0 1 * j 55 39,050 1 71,000 39,050 — —

- - — ! 3/5S3 1 2,065 5 7 * j d l,ot;e 1 55 33*55° '• 700 54 1 378 17 6 7°1938 39,'»39 H 4

- —~ I - - 71,000 55 i 3‘.M°5 Coo 54 I 327 >5 — 71,600 39,732 15 —

- - — 1 1 ’ " | - j 7U 00 1 55 b 30,138 15 — 600 54 I 3*H 15 — 71,600 39,463 10 —

- — I 1 - — 1 7 - - 1 ao 4 39,5"3 15 - - - 7,*500 39,503 15 —

- - — 1 - — 71,5 54-il 39,220 1-2 6 700 54 I 373 17 6 72,200 39,599 10 —

- - — - - — 72,500 541 39,^93 '5 — - 1 - 72,500 39,693 15 —

- - — ' * - — 72,000 54 & 39,330 — *" 700 54 h 378 17 6 72,700 39r"o8 17 6

- - — ! - - — 72,500 54 3 39,693 15 - - - - 72,500 39,693 *5 —

- - 7 >,500 55 39*3-5 I 700 54 $ 380 12 6 72,200 39.705 12 6

- - — m — - - — 72,000 .%.»h 39,690 j ( 39/>Si 5 — I - - - 72,000 39.690 — —

- - - — 7 C500 ) 5S I 55 I 700 54 \ 381 10 — 72,200 30,762 15 —

- - - — 67,000 55 i 37,017 10 — I - - - 72,050 30,801 6 3

- - i - - — 6 3,300 \ 55 / 55 b | 37,612 17 6 j 700 54 3 381 10 — 72,000 i 39,644 7 6

- - - — 1 — 72,000 55 4 30,690 . - . - - - _ ! 72,oi>o 39,690

- - - — _ 7^300 S 55 L 55 h j 39,272 5 - j 700 54 i 381 10 — 72,000 39,"53 >5 —

- - — - - . — 72,000 55 b 30,690 | - - - - * - - 72,000 39,690 — —

- - . — 7C300 55 i { 30,382 700 54 I 379 15 — 72,000 39,76i 15 —

- - - - — 72,000 55 I 39,690 - , - - 72,000 30,690 — —

- - - — * k 71,000 55 8 39,3'6 5 — 700 54 i 380 12 6 71,700 39,696 17 6

- - r - . i 64,500 rr 5 1 5 a j 35,823 2 6 - - - 7E50O 39,713 2 6

- - - — \ " r j 7°*544 55 3 39,328 5 7 700 54 J 381 10 — 71.244 3,7"9 15 7

- - - — - _ , \ j 66,020 5.6 3G971 4 - - x- 1 71,020 39'7"4 >9 —

- - - - l 7°>7°° 56 39,592 - - - 76,700 39,592 — —

- - - - 1 1 1 70,000 56 39,200 700 54 i 384 2 6 70,700 39,584 2 G

- - - j 70,700 5<5 39,592 - - - 70,700 39,502 — —

- - - - — 62,000 56 J 34,797 10 — 700 55 385 — — 70,700 39,6"2 10 —

i - - — . - 70,300 56 4 39/'5G 5 - - - - 70,500 39,656 5 —

- - - - - -• — 67,500 56 4 37,968 15 — 700 55 g 387 12 6 70,700 39,759 10 —

- - - . - 7°>50° 56 1 39,744 7 6 - - - 70,500 39,744 7 6

i- i - - - — 6a. 600 56 * 39,324 Soo 55 i 445 — —; 70, 00 39,769 — —

1- - - - — 70,000 3*> i 30^462 10 - - - j 70,000 39,462 10 —

1- - - - — 60,500 5^ 4 i 30,1 48v 2 6 8i»o 55 i 444 — — ! 70,gG0 39,592 2 6

- - - - — 70,000 56* i 39.531 r 5 —: - - - 70,000 39,531 5 —

- - - — 64,500 56 | 3r,523 2 6 t 800 ' 55 % 446 — — 70,300 39,794 2 6

- - •- - 6S,goo 57 3?,93i !t 1,^200 56 \ 675 — — 6(J,500 39,6o6 — J i

k - - — 6S,8oo 57 i 39,732 j * - - - - 08,800 3P*732 — —

L - - — 1 - - - — 68,500 57 i 39,301 17 6; 431 Sfiigf 244 J2 6 1 68,933 39,546 10 —

- - - — 68,396 57 £ i 39,48‘2 5 ~ - - -* f 68,596 39,482 5 —.

• - 3,688 56 2,01.5 5 7 .5,14 c,460 5 DO 8 1,748,968 12 1 iG>733 54 b 9,'73 5; 3,203,981 1,783,0 >3 7 8

r 5 =

1*1 he Stock nurrbafed this Quarter, C Great Britain I; 13,003,'>45 55 1 1,671,712 u 1 i

on Account of Ireland , is included< 77,256 1 - I

in the Total of Red*1 Ann'; viz. {Ireland 3S, S*5 55 & 1

'■3,142,460 1,748,968 12 1

Appendix, (No. .8.)

8° Ftbraariiy continued.

68 8

Appendix.

4. 1505.

Appendix,

(No'. 18.)

lOtli V E A R.-----The Annual Account of the Comm*: wr

45

the

continued.

73d Quarter - i - Dr. ! Old 1 A N N fs 3-P. Ct. j New A N N 5 3-P. Ct. ANN’ 1731

10th YEAR. Total i \Sll Received, j 1804. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price.

GREAT BRITAIN: £■ >■ d- Aug. 2. - -

Quarterly Ifl'ue - >50,000 j 3- ——

Ditto, additional D° - 50,000 j 7- - -

99 and 96 Ann* i3-7'2° 3 7-1' 8. ——

For 3 M01 apnrop" of £.1 . 9-

per Cl p.-Annumon Loan" ( raised from 1793 to 1S03 ( 656,3 «o 4 2-i' 10.

both included - -J

« - fOn £.33,195,741. Cootf ) •s|\ £-3pC'.- -1 4P7.936 1 11 14. 15-

On - 2idl3,000. X. S Sea 39.*5 - "

1-0 ~ £ f On - 667,000. Aim* 1751 0 V- 10,005 16. ——

IRELAND: 17- ! j - —’ - -

For3 M°* appron of/.i.p.C* per annum on Loans raised ( from 1797 to 1803, both! 21. - - , - - * - -

6+,339 »9 92. - - —. _ _ —, _

included - - - J 23-

Interest due 5th July 1804, J on f. 800,250. Coalold / 13,038 17 8

28. - - - ' ——

a-3P-cts - -3 - 29- _

IM PERIA L:

Fo^M01 appro"of /.i.p.C* 7 9,173 5 — 3°- " * —1 - -

p. annum, uti lni[r Loan J 31 ——

Interest due 5th July 1804,7 Sept. 4.

on £.488,391. Imperial > 7>325 17 3

£3-p.C"- - -j 5- - -

6. - 2,000 573 1,147 10 — 5,000 57?

7 i 1 1,000 57 5 6,366 5 — - - . ——

11. ! ——

12. ! ——

13 ——

18. ——

19- - - - - . - —. ——

20.; -

25. ! - -

•26. -

27. - - - _

28. - - — - . _ .

oa. 2. - - - - _

3- ——

4- 5. ——

9- - 13,000 5 6\ 7.393 15 ~ _

10. - - — - _ _ __ _

11. - - _ _ .

12.

16. - . —

17- 1,500 56 2 845 12 6 - .

19- - - _ _ . _

23 - . _ __

24- - . mmmmm m _

30. - - - - _

31- - - - r.

73d Quarter > - - 1,611,074 9 5! j 12,500 57 § 7,'211 17 6 i5»oooo 56 e 8,341 5 — 5,000 57 5

Sums Pjj.

2, SG8 15 -

•2,$68 15

N. B. The Stock purchased this Quarter, on Account of Ireland, is included in the Total of Consol*;

r«

(hi:

'll 6

ay GOO

Geo. Ill

Appendix-

689

he Reduction of the National Debt—continued

NAVY 5-P. Cr. CO NS O Ld 3-P. Ct. REDUCED 3-P. Cr. IMPERl 3-P. Ct. Cf.

till. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Total CAPITAL Total

Bought. CASH Paid.

- - \ - - — 59,3°° 572 34,245 15 - ' — 59,300 34,245 15

- - — 57,700 57 I 33,°33 5 —■ 1,800 568 i)°*9 5 / 59)5°° 34>0S2 10 —

- - - — 59,300 57 I 34,°97 1° — ' - 59,3°° 34,097 10 —

- - 57,5°° 57 4 33,062 10 — 1,800 56 2 1,0‘21 10 — 59,3°° 34,084 — —

- - m mm - - — 59/5°° 57 f 34,212 10 - — 59,5°° 34,212 10

- - - — 58,000 57 S 33,277 1° — 1,800 56 g 1,014 15 — 59,8oo 34,292 5 —

* •* - — 59,500 57 4 34)°^3 15 - — 59)5°° 34,o% 15 —

- - - — 55,000 57 33,345 — — i,8oo 56 1,008 — 60,300 34,353 — —

- - - — 60,000 574 34,275 - - — 60,000 34,275 — —

- - - — 58,000 57 I 33)2°5 — — i,8oo 56 i 1,012 IO — 59,8oo 34,217 10 —

- - - — 60,000 57 8 34,425 - - — 60,000 34,425 — —

- - - — 58,000 57 h 33,35° — — 1,800 56 h 1,017 " — 59,8oo 34,367 —

- - - — 59,500 57 4 34)212 10 — - ’ - - - — 59)5°° 34,212 10 —

- - - — 59)5°° 574 34,212 10 - — 59,5°° 34,212 10 —

- - - — 58,000 5748 33,418 15 — 1,800 56 g i,°i9 5 — 59,8°° 34,438 — —

- - - — 59,800 57 a 34,459 15 - — 59,8oo 34,459 15 —

- - — 500 57J 285 12 6 56,972 57 $ 2 32,895 1 7 1,800 56 J 1,021 10 — 59,272 34,202 4 I

- - — 60,000 574 34)35° - - - — 60,000 34*350 — —

- - — 58,000 57 4 33)205 - - — 1,800 561 1,023 15 — 59,8oo 34,228 15 —

- - — 52,800 574 3°)36° - - - 59,8oo 34,376 5 —

- - — 47,000 57 g 26,966 5 - — 1,700 571 971 2 6 59,7°° 34,303 12 6

- - — 59>7°° 57 § 34)252 17 6 - 59,7°° 34,252 17 6

- - — 58,000 57 4 33)205 - - — 1,700 57 469 — — 59,7°° 34,i74 — —

- - — 60,006 57 4 34)35° ~ — . - — 60,000 34,350 — —

- - — 58,000 57 S 33)277 1° - — 1,700 57 £ 971 2 6 59,7°° 34,248 12 6

• - — 60,000 57 4 34)35° - - - — 60,000 34,350 — —

- - — 59,000 5748 33)826 5 - — 1,500 571 856 17 6 60,500 34,683 2 6

- - — 60,500 57 8 34)7H *7 6 - — 60,500 34,7n 17 6

- - — 60,000 57 2 34,500 - - - 60,000 34,500 — —

- - — 59,000 57 8 33)85i 5 - 1,500 571 , 856 17 6 60,500 34,708 2 6

- - — 60,000 57 4 34,500 - - - — 60,000 34,500 — —

)00 9°S 8,133 15 — 44)5°° 57 8 4 25,585 - - — 1,500 57 i 858 15 — 55,°°° 34,577 1° —

- - - — 0 0 ic o' 10 561 34>4°9 7 6 - 60,500 34,409 7 6

00 89 3 33)5*5 i*2; - — 1,800 56 i 1,019 5 — 39,3°° 34,534 17 6

00 89 I 34)758 15 —j - . - 39,000 34,758 15 —

00 89? ■28,54010 —. 9,000 57^ 5, Hl 5 - — 1,481 56 g 838 12 3 42,281 34,520 7 3

DO 8913 22,049 15 —j 9,000 57 5,13° - - - 46,70° 34,573 to —

- - | 60,000 57 4 34,-75 - - - 60,000 34,275 — —

- - - - — 60,500 561 34)°3i 5 - — 60,500 34,03i 5 —

- - — 60,500 5°g 34,106 17 6 - - - — 60,500 34,106 17 6

► . - - — 60,000 56 18 33,954 1° - — 60,000 33,954 10 —

. - — 58,500 561 33,°52 10 - — 60,000 33,898 2 6

• — 60,500 56i8 34,081 17 - 60,500 34,081 17 6

- - — 60,000 56 4 33,75° - - — 60,000 33,750 — —

• - — 60,000 56 b 33,75° - - — 6<5,oooo 33,750 — —

- . - — 60,000 56 81 33,891 5 - — 60,000 33>89i 5 —

— - - - * — 60,068 568 1 34)°*3 5 7 - 60,068 34,013 5 7

0 898 126,998 7 6 995>5°° 57 § 570)532 5 — 1,539,14° 57 j 378,42217 29,081 5 6* 16,499 2 3 2,738,221 1 1,611,074 9 58 2 5

jReat Britain - - 860,146 57 s 493, >53 7 7 I

reland 135)354 57 s 77,373 17 5

995,500 570,532 5 — 1

.60. 8N

Appendix,

(No. 18.)

8° Februarii, continued*

1

5 Geo. IIL Appendix; 691

' Nr the Reduction of the National Debt—continued. Appendix,

), — . (No. 18.)

ANN5 1751. 3-P -Ct. CONSOL 0 3-P.-CT. REDUCED 3-P.-CT. IMPERIAL 3-P.-CT. Cr# 8° Fcbn/ariif

j continued,

ajutid. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Total CAPITAL Bought. Total ' ~4‘ CASH Paid.

i ' i - — , 74>3°° 56.? 42,27815 — 800 55 I 447 — 80,300 45,557

i, - — - — 79.300 57 § 45,613 2 6 - - - - 79.5oo 45,613 2 6

1 * - - •— - - 78,000 57 0 44.947 10 — 900 56* 5io 15 — 78,900 45,458 5 — '

• - — 79,000 57 8 i 45,61815 - — 79,000 45,618 15 —

1 - - — . - - — 79,oooo 57 e 45.521 5 - * 79,000 '45,521 5 —

- * - 74,800 57 H 42,81615 — 900 56 I 508 10 — 79,700 45,610 5 —

1 - - — 79,500 57 8 45,613 2 6 - 79,500 45,613 2 6

• - - — . - - — 78,500 57 S 45,235 12 6 900 56 | 509 12 6 79,4°° 45,745 5 —

• - — 79,500 57 h 1 45.7‘25 - 79,5oo 45>725 —

- - - — 78,000 57 £ 44,94710 — goo 509 12 6 78,900 45,457 2 6

- - - - — 70,500 57 3 45,613 2 6 - 79,5oo 45,613 6

• - - — 73.500 57 U 42,165 12 6 , 900 56 i 506 5 — 79,400 45,534 7 6

• - 79,300 57 t 43,613 2 6 - 79,500 45,613 2 6

• - - - — v 55,500 58 8 32,398 2 6 17,000 5-1 9.775 900 56 I 508 10 — 78,400 45,59+ 2 6

• - - - — 12,000 58 ?, 7>°35 61,000 57 I 35.303 15 - — 78,000 45,263 15 —

,000 581 588 15 — 72,000 59 42,480 — 2,500 58 i 1,456 5 - — 77,500 45,702 10 —

- - - - — 77,000 58 0 44,94815 — 900 57 i 517 10 — 77,900 45,466 5 —

- - - — 78,000 58 § 45,53210 - — 78,000 45,532 10 —

- - — 72,500 58 n 42,230 — 900 57 I 515 5 — 78,400 45,651 lo —

- - . - — i | - - — 78,000 58 $ 45,3371° - — 78,000 45,337 i° -r

- - - — i i - - — 74,000 f5« (57 3 142,91815 — 900 57 J 5H a 6 78,900 45,747 17 6

- - - — 7S,oooo 57 2 45,045 — - - — 78,000 45,°45

- - - - — 78,000 57 2 45,045 — 900 56 2 511 17 6 78,900 45,556 17 6

- - - - — 70,000 57 § 45,52315 - — 79,000 45,523 15 —

- - - - — 78,500 57 3 8 45,136 5 — 1,200 56 £ 679 10 — 79,7oo 45,8*15 15 —

- - - - — 79,000 57 § 2 45,616 5 - — 79,000 45,6i6 5 —

- - - — - p - - - — 67,000 58 38,94315 — 1,200 57 I 685 10 — 78,200: 45,429 5 — -

- - - - — 78,500 58 g -I 45>701 5 - — 78,500 45,701 5 —

- - - - — 77,000 58:1 44,852 10 — 1,200 57 £ 688 10 — 78,200 45,541

- - - - — 78,000 58 i 45,532 10 — - - — 78,000 45,532 10 —

• - - - — 77,000 58 ii 2 45,218 15 — 500 57 3 289 7 6 77,500 45,508 2 6

- - - - — 76,3°° 59 1 ! 45,608 2 6 . - 76,500 45,608 2 6

- - - - — 69,000 59 I 4U313 15 — 500 59 295 76,500 45,791 5 —

- - - - — 75,000 61 a 45,843 15 — - * # — 75,000 45,843 15 —

■ - _ - - — 70,000 60 42,612 is — 500 60 300 74,5°° 45,342 10 —

* - - - — 74.500 601 45,258 15 - — 74,5°° 45,258 15 —

- - - — 75.000 60 a 45,468 15 - — 75,000 45,468 15 —

- - - — 70,000 60 3 42,525 500 59? 299 7 6 75,500 45,855 12 6

- - — ’ 75.doo 60 2 i 45,995 5 — - , - - - — 75,600 45,995 5 —

- - - — 74,400 611 45,57° 623 6oij 377 75,°23 45,947

- - - — 74.99° 611 j I 45,931 12 1 - 74,99° 45,931 12 1

58 i 588 15 - - 139,500 5* i 81,913 2 6 2,977>79< 1 58 h 1,741,954 4: 7 16,023 57 4 9,173 5 — 3,195.3L 1 3(1,869,288 2 1 58 h

The Stock purchased this Quarter, C Great Britain -on Account of Ireland, is included-? in the Total of Redd Ann5; viz. £ Ireland 2,807,ig< ' ! 170,6*01 > 58 0 58 i 1,642,140 19: 99,813 5 < I 5

•2,977,79' 0 1,741,954 4 1 Si 1 ...- 7

692

Appendix*

A. 1805,

Appendix, (No. 18.) -

8° Februarii, continued.

19th Y EAR-----The Annual Account of the CommilEocers

TOTALS

Total SUMS great

19th YEAR. r OLD ANN’ 3-P.-CT. . NEW ANN* 3-P-Ct. ANN* 1751, 3-P.-CT. navy, 5-P-Ct.

Received. Capital. V u £ Sums Paid. Capital. Price. Sums Paid. 1 Capital. Price. Sums Paid. Capital. Price. | Sunn Paid.

71ft QJJARTER - £ i. 4. 1,587,815 IX 8’ 27,000 s« i 15,212 IO — 32,000 17,917 IO — 7,000 55 i 3,89315 -

7id - Ditto - - 5 - 7 8\ 33,100 551 18,386 5 — 8,000 55 i 4.410 - - - •

73d - Ditto 1,611,074 9 si 12,500 57 1 7,211 17 6 15,000 56J *>54» 5 — 5,000 57 I 2,868 15 — 142,000 89 J 126,998 7 (

74th - Ditto * - - 1,869,238 i 1^ 49,000 Hw oe 28,643 15 — 12,000 S*i 7,015 l, COO 58 1 S88 15 — - - - * * •

Total - 6,851,101 11 — 121,600 - - 69,454 7 6 67,000 - 37,9°3 15 — 13,000 - - 7-3JI 5 — 142,000 - - 126,998 7 6

SALARIES

’‘Secretary Deputy Secretary Agent -Brokers -Messenger Deputy Mefifenger

EXPIRED ANNUITIES ON TERMS

f Exchequer Annuities for 99 and 96 years, which Terms

have expired - - ......

( Expired Annuities for 10 years - -

C Exchequer Annuities, unclaimed, for three years, before j 5th January 1804 ——

U N C LA I MED AND EXPIRED ANNUITIES K Exchequer Annuities, on Lives expired, between the 5th

£ January 17SG and 5ih January 1804

On 88,969,686 -

On 2,617,400 -

On 142,000 -

45

kite

BRl

CO!

Cirlul-

i to*

W'

ACCRUING INTEREST

I'M

Appendix,

(No. 19.)

8® Februarii.

V ■— .1 ■—»

An ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be wanted for the Relief of the suffering Clergy and Laity of France, Toulonefe, Dutch, and Corsican Emigrants, and American Loyalists; for the year 1805.

One Hundred and Thirty-five Tlioufand Seven Hundred and Twenty-one Pounds and Twelve Shillings.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 8th February 1805.

IV, HuJkijJyn.

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that may be wanted, in the present year, to complete the Payment of Sums awarded to be paid by the British Government, pursuant to the 7th Article of the Treaty between llis Britannic Majesty and the United States of America.

Four Hundred and Fourteen Tlioufand Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 8th P'ebruary 1805.

IV. Hujkijbn.

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that may probably be wanted to defray the Expence of I*aw Charges, for the present year.

An ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be wanted to defray the Expence attending the confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts at Home; for the year 1805.

On the River Thames, and in Langston and") r Portsmouth Harbours - - - -y £,53/719* n*

Fifty-three Tlioufand Seven Hundred Nineteen Pounds One Shilling and Eleven Pence.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 Tr ..

8lb February 1805. y dlujkijjbn.

Twenty Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,} 8th I ebruary 1805. y

An E ST I >1 ATE of the Sum that may probably be wanted to defray the Expence of the Public Office, Bow-street; for tb* present year.

Twelve Thousand Pounds.

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

693

for the Reduction of the National Debt—

brought forward.

B R I tain. IRELAND. IMPERIAL. Total. SUMS

-- CONSOL" j-P.-Ct. 1 REDUCED j-P.-Ct. r CONSOL0 j-P.-Ct. A REDUCED j-P.-Ct. r ' IMPERIAL 3-P-Ct. Totai CAPITAL

Cap! ul. £ u Sum* Paid. Capital. li u w a. Sums Paid. Capital. «/ u £ Sums Paid. Capital. u ’C 0. Sums Paid. Capital. £ £ Sums Paid. £ £ Paid.

i,3-6»6S3 5« \ 746,719 ~ 1,1*1,73c 561 7u,*9i 19 5 134.^59 55 I 75-35819 9 - - - . *8,563 551 15,810 4 6 *,*37,605 56 1.537,625 11 6

3,63S S« 2,065 5 7 3,003,64; 55 i 1.671,71* ti 1 - I3MI5 ss a 77,256 , — •®-733 54 i 9-*73 5 — 3,203,981 551 1,763,613 7 6

36c,14& 57 j 493*53 7 7 ,539,14c 57 I 87$,4a» 17 1 ,35*3 54 57 i 77.378 17 5 - - - . 29,08X 561 16,499 * 3 2,736,221 5« i 1,611,074 9 j

139,500 5s I 81,913 2 6 i.So:,i9c 5* 1 ],642,(40 I9 I - 170,600 5® 1 99,* 1J J 6 16,013 571 9-*73 5 — 3.*95.3*3 5« i 1,869,288 2 1

2,3*9»987 i,323,$61 8 8 1. , ;b63 1,705 1 - 4,905.169 6 9 270,013 - •SV737 17 * 309*415 - 177»°69 6 6 90,400 - 50,655 16 9 11,975,120 57 i 6,851,201 IO IO

Appendix, (No. 18.)

8J Februarii, continued:

£• *- d.

5°° — —

210 — —

3°° — —

550 — —

5° — —

'iS — --

£■ — —

£■ «• d. 1

54,8«-> 14 -!

-45,000 —

£ 79.880 14 6;

£• d.

28,437 *4 6 [

2o,9;i9 1 1

L 49,376 IS 7 ,

£ >- d.

2,66y.OOOO 1 1 7

104,606 —

7,100 -

£• 2,780,886 11 7

Cha• A.

W. Pitt.

W. Grant.

H. Smith.

B. Winthropi B. Long.

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that may probably be wanted to defray the Charge of Printing and Stationary for the two Houses of Parliament; for the present year.

Twenty-nine Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chamber*, ? 8th February 1805. j

W. Uvjkjfon.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads in North Britain; for the year 1805.

Five Thousand Pounds. ian

8th February 1805.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, > 5- J

W. Hvjk'ifon.

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that may probably be wanted for Proteilant Dissenting Ministers in England and Ireland, and for the Relief of the poor French Refugees; for the present yeert*.

Ten Thousand Four Hundred Seventy-six Pounds and One Shilling.

W. Hujkifon.

Whitehall, Treasury Chamber*,

8th February 1805. J

8th February

VOL <5o.

An ESTIMATE of the Extraordinary Expenceg that may be incurred for Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin of this Kingdom; in the present year.

Two Thousand Pounds

Appendix,' (No. 19.)

8* Februar\

continued.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 8th February 1805. j

W. HitfkiJJbn.

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that may probably be wanted for the Ministers of the Vaudois Churches; for the present year.

One Thousand Eight Hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Five Shillings and Four Pence.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 Sth February 1805. j

W. Hujkijpm.

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that may probably be wanted for defraying the Charge of the Superintendance of Aliens, according to the provisions of an Act, passed in the forty-third year of His present Majesty; for the present year.

Seven Thousand Six Hundred and Twenty Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chamber*,) w

8th February 1805. j

80

694

Appendix.

A. 1800.

Appendix,

(No, ig.) An ESTIMATE of the Sum which may be wanted for His Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services; for the year 1805.

8 Februarii> ________

continued.

One Hundred and Seventy-five Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall^ Treasury Chambers, 7 8th February 1805. j

JF. Hxjkijfon.

ESTIMATE of the probable Amount of Bilis drawn, and to be drawn, from New South Wales, which may become dile in the course of the year 1805

£. 20,000.

Downing-street, 1 1S05. }

8th February

£. Cooke.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Caps. Breton, in America; from the lit of January to the 31st of December 1805.

Salary of the Lieutenant Governor Chief Justice -

Attorney General -

Secretary and Register, and Clerk of the Council Mnutter -

Surveyor General -Naval Officer ——

Provost Marshal -

Allowance to a Public Schoolmaster -Allowance upon account of Contingencies -Agent -

£. 8. d.

500 -

500 -

IOO-----

150-----

IOO-----

too-----

100-----

IOO-----

40-----

200 -

150-----

2,040

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas, or Somers Islands; from the lft of January to the 3ittof December 1805.

Salary of the Chief Justice Fees on Receipt

£. 4. d.

500-----

80-----

580-----

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America; from the lft of January to the 31st of December 1805,

Salary of the Lieutenant Governor " -

Chief Justice ......

Three Assistant Judges at £. 300 per. ann. each -Attorney General -

Secretary and Register, and Clerk of the Council -Naval Officer ——

Surveyor General of Lands -Stipends and Allowances to Ministers -Allowance to the Bishop of Nova Scotia's Coromissary at New Brunswick -Allowance on account of Contingencies - . -

Agent - - -.

£. 8. d.

1,000-----

50O-----

gOO-----

150-----

250-----

IOO-----

ISO-----

800-----

150-----

500-----

150-----

4,650-----

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia; from the lit of January to the 31st of December 1805.

Salary of the Lieutenant Governor -Chief Justice -

Attorney General -

Secretary and Register and Clerk of the Council -Naval Officer ——

Surveyor General of L.tnds -Treasurer ——

Carried up - - £.

£■ d.

1,000-----

850-----

150-----

250 — —

100-----

150-----

50-----

2,550 -

Brought up

Allowance to a Bishop ......

Allowance to a Bishop's Commissary -Allowance to Ministers ——

A Mifliobary to the German Inhabitants who have joined the Church of England -To the Governors of King's College in this Province, for the Salaries of the Professors* and other Expences attending the Establishment -To the Reverend Mr. Bennet, as in the preceding Estimate ——

To the Reverend Dr. Brown, late Minitter of the Presbyterian College at Halifax, until otherwise provided for -To Mr.Thumpfon, Prothonotary, to ctiafe when an Allowance shall be granted him by the House of Assembly -

Mrs. Cotnam's Annuity - * -

Allowance to the Superintendant of Fisheries Allowance for a Vessel employed in the Service of the Superintendant of Trade and Fisheries An additional Missionary in Nova Scotia pension to Mary, Widow of Richard Bulkeley, Esq.

late Secretary to the Province -Allowance on Account of Fees lor the Receipt and Audit-. -

Agent -

£. t- d.

*>550 -

700-----

150-----

965-----

75-----

1,000 -

100 -

75-----

100 — *—

100-----

200-----

600-----

SO-----

100-----

2oo-----

200-----

£• 7*^5-----

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Dominica; from the lft of January to the 31st of December 1805.

The Salary of the Chief Justice to cease when a Salary shall be provided by the Legislature of the Island -

600 — —

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, now called Prince Edward Island; from the lft of January to the 31st of December 1805.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor

Chief Justice -

Attorney General -

Secretary and Register, and Clerk of the Council -Naval Officer -

Provost Marshal -

Minister -

Surveyor General -

Allowance to the late Clerk of the Crown and Coroner, till otherwise provided for -Allowance to the late Clerk of the Council till otherwise provided for -Penfton to Mr. Peter Stewart, late Chief Justice -Allowance to Lieutenant Governor Fanning, in conffderation of his long Services -

Allowance on account of Fees for the Receipt and Audit -

Allowance for Contingencies -Agent - -

£. 8. d.

800-----

500-----

100-----

150-----

100-----

100-----

70-----

100-----■

90-----

60-----

200 -

500 — —

IOO-----

,30 -

IOO — —

3,100-----

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Newfoundland in America; from the lft of January to the 31st of December 1805.

Salary to the Governor -

Governor's Secretary -Judge of the Admiralty ——

Naval Officer -

Allowance to the Sheriff, at 10 s. per day -Allowance to Five Missionaries at Newfoundland at £.50 per annum each- -Allowance to J. Ogden, Esq. late Chief Justice, in consideration of Iris long Services, and of his infirm state of health, at £.200 per annum, from the 24th May 1803 -

Allowance on Account of Fees for the Receipt and Audit - -

Agent - -

500

182

200

100

182

. d 10 —

10 —

250 —

12 10

521

too — — 100 — ■—

2,136 12 10

45 Geo. III.

Appendix:

695

£ ST I M AT F. of the Charge of defraying the Civil EstabliQunent of the Province of Upper Canada, in America; from the ift of January to the 31st of December 1805.

Salary of the Lieutenant Governor -

Salary of the Chiei Just ice -

Salary of the Attorney General -

Sulary of the Solicitor General -

Two Judges of the Court of Common Pleas, each £.75° per arm. - - - -

Clerk of the Crown and Pleas -

Twe Sheriffs at £. 100 each -Secretary and Register -

Clerk of the Council -

Receiver General of the Revenues

Five Executive Councillors, each £. 100 Surveyor General of Lands -Naval Officer

Salary of the Uishop’s Commissary -Temporary Allowance to four Clergymen Allowance to the Widow of the late Colonel Campbell, Governor of the Bermudas, in reward of his firm and judicious conduct and able Services at the Myatnis, and in consideration of her straightened circumfuinces -

Allowance to Mr. Smith, late Surveyor General of Lands, in consequence of his long Services, and of the infirm state of his health, *X £. 200 per ann. from the 10th May 1804. -

Allowance on account of Fees on the Receipt and Audit

Agent ......

c

s. d.

2,000

1,100

300

100

1,500

100

200

300

IOO

200

500

300

IOO

150

400

250-----

329

250

200

6 35

8,379 <5 3

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in America, iu addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame; from the id of January to the 31st of December 1805.

Additional Salary to the Governor -Salary of the Chief Justice - - - ‘

Two Assistance Judges, at £. 200 per annum each Secretary and Register, and Clerk of the Council Attorney General

Provost Marshal -

Naval Officer -

Surveyor General of I.ands -

Minister -

Minister at Harbour Istand and Elruthra Three M iffionaries at the other Islands, at £ 70 each -Allowance to Mrs. Wegg, for the support of herself and seven Children now in distress, in consideration of the long Sufferings and Services of her Husband E.R. Wegg, Esq. late Attorney General -

Allowance to Mofe» Franks, Esquire, late Chief Juf-tire, in consideration oi his long and meritorious Services, at the rate of £. 300 per annum, from the 15th November 1804 -

Allowance for the maintenance of a Vessel for the Service of Government

Allowance for Contingencies ....

A‘"l ...... c

t

800 -

500 -

400 -

150-----

150-----

150-----

ISO-----

150-----

70-----

70-----

210-----

150 —

33s * 7

700-----

300-----

150-----

E ST IM A T E of the Charge of defraying the Civil of New South Wales; from the lit of January December 1805.

Establishment to the 3ill of

4*438 12 7

Salary of the Governor -

Salary of the Lieutenant Governor -Deputy Judge Advocate -Comm illary -

Provost Marllial - ......

Secretary to the Governor -

For Stationary -

Clergyman -

D° - at Paramatta and Hawkefhury Surgeon -

One Mate ......

Two Mates, at £. 136. 17*. 6d. per annum each Assistance -

Surveyor of Lands -

Boat-builder -

Two Deputy Commissaiies of Stores, at £.91. 5*. per annum each -

Two additional Clerks to the Commissary, at £.60 per annum each -

Two assistant Storekeepers, at £.50 per annum each -One Supei intendant of Convicts -

Two - - D° - - D* at £. 75 per annum each Six - - D° - - D° at £. 50 per annum each

NORFOLK ISLAND.

Lieutenant Governor of Norfolk I Hand -

Deputy Judge Advocate -

Clergyman -

Surgeon -

Deputy CoinniinTury of Stores -

One Storekeeper -

Deputy Surveyor of Lands -

Three Superintendants of Convkls, at £. 50 per annum each -

One M after Carpenter -

One Beach Master and Pilot -

Provost Alar dial -

PORT PIIILLIP.

Lieutenant Governor -

Deputy Judge Advocate ——

Clergyman -

Surgeon -

l ft Assistance -

2d Assistance - -

Deputy Commissary -

Deputy Surveyor -

Mineralogist -

Two Superintendants of Convicts, at £. 50 per annum each - -

Allowance to Governor Phillip, in consideration of his meritorious Services -

Allowance to Governor Hunter, in consideration of his long Sendees -Allowance to Mr. Alt, late Surveyor General, in consideration of his long Services, and of his infirmities -Allowance to Mr. White, late Surgeon -Allowance upon Account for Fees 011 the Receipt and Audit -

Agent -

£■ S. d.

1,000 — —

250 — —

365 — —

3^5 — —

91 5 —

91 5 —

00 — —

350 — —

iK‘i lO —,

365 — —

182 10 —

273 J5 —

91 5 —

182 10 —

01 5 —

182 10 —

120 — —.

IOO — —

IOO — —

150 — —

300 ——

250

182 10 —

182 10 —

182 10 —

91 5 —

50 — —

91 5 —

150 — —

40 — —

50 — -a-

430

182 10 —

182 10 —

182 10 —

136 17 6

91 5 —

91 5 —

91 5 —

91 5 —

IOO — —

500 — —

300 — —

9* 5

91 5 —

300 — —

Appendix,

(No. 19.)

8* Februarii,

continued.

9,225 12 6

ACCOUNTS of the TRUSTEES of The BRITISH MUSEUM.

- Cr.

Paid Board Wages Book-binding Coals -

Garden Expences -Incidents

Rent and Taxes -Repairs Stationary -Salaries and Wages

Mr. Abraham Newland-Deduct due to Mr. Planta

£■ s. d. T

- - >49 10 —

- IOO 1 7

- - I98 8

- - 70 — —

- - — 3

- - 674 6 3

- - >.57« >7 —

- - 5* 8 5

- - >»937 10 .—

5,020 1 6

£•394 »° 9

- 64 2 6 33° 8 3

£■ 5>35° 9 9

By Cash in hands of Mr. Newland, of 1803 By Cash in hands of Mr. Planta, of 1803 —

Bank Annuities

The Kings Librarian s Salary, fix quarters Part of the Parliament's Grant of this year

£. >■ J

Expenditure of 1I04 - 5,020 1 6

Repairs according to the Surveyor’s pAimate 1,000

£■ 6,020 1 6

By Cash of 1804 By Exchequer Bills r

The King's. Librarian's Salary -Bank Annuities -Deficiency -

£. s. d.

1- - *,313 7 —

- 53 15 —

- 900

- 37o 7 9

L7*3

£■ 5,35 9 9

£. i.

- 33° 8 3

- 1,127 >7 6

- 236 11 —

- 900 — —

- 3,4^5 4 9

£ 6,020 1 6

Appendix, (No. 20.) * 120 Februarii

10 January 1805.

A. 1805

696

Appendix.

Apt>endix,

Accounts relative to the British Mufuem—co/ffi/u/crf.

(No. 20.) __________

j2* Februarii, Br. - The BRITISH MUSEUM New Building Account ----- Cr.

cimtinu'd. ,8o4. J Sept. 17th. Nov. 19th. Dec. 31ft. Paid William Meredith for removing part of the Weft Terrace Paid Wigzcll & Son, Bricklayers To Balance ----- £. s. d. 405 8 — 304 16 — 6,879 12 6 1804. *Od. 17 th. By Produce of £. 8,000 granted by Parliament ----- £■ *• d. 7.589 16 6

£• 7,589 16 6 £■ 7.589 16 6

12th Feb. 1805. Richard Miles, Accountant.

The new Building being intended to be carried up, covered in, and advanced as much as possible this year, the Expenditure thereon during the present year will not, in my opinion, be less than £. 13,290. o. 0.

12th February 1805. Geo. Sanders. Architect.

13* Februarii. RETU RN to the Order of the House of Commons, of the 12th February 1805'—Requiring

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Persons admitted to visit The BRITISH MUSEUM, within the lad Six Months; And the Regulations under which they have been admitted to visit the fame.

I N obedience to the Order of the Honourable the House of Commons, dated the 12th instant, 1 have the honour to lay before them, an Account of the number of Persons admitted to a fight of the British Museum, during the months of October, November, and December 1804, and January 1805; and a copy of the Regulations under which those persons have been admitted. To which I beg leave to add, as being a part of the Regulations for admission, a copy of the Directions respecting the Reading-Room of the Museum.

In order to explain the three different modes of admission to a fight of the Museum, as stated in the Return, I mud beg leave to suggest, that the Regulations herewith laid before the Honourable House have been printed for the information of the Public, and are freely distributed to all who chuse to apply for them; and that, according to these Regulations, 75 persons, in 5 different Companies of 15 each, may obtain admission in the course of every open day; but that, in order 10 accommodate a greater number of persons, in rafe any such fliQuld apply, an additional company of 15 persons may be added on each open day, at 2 o’clock; and that, should still more persons apply, the Officer in waiting may grant Tickets to the Supernumeraries for one of the intermediate, or closedays, in each of which 3 companies, of 15 persons each, may be admitted. The Honourable Housewill please to observe that, according to these Regulations (making allowance for the intervals and days when the Museum is shut, viz. the months of August and September, one week at each of the great Fellivals, on Thanksgiving and Fast-days, and the Saturdays and Sundays in every week) the above three modes of admission may accommodate upwards of 14,000 persons in a year, besides many persons of distindion for

rank or learning, whom the Officers attend occasionally through the House, and who are not required to conform to the above Regulations.

I humbly beg leave to (late, in justification of the non-compliance with the ftrid order of the Honourable House, to return the numbersad-mitted within the last six months, that no Vilitc rs are admitted into the Museum (the Reading-room excepted) during the months of August and September; these two months having been set aside to enable the Officers carefully to insped, to re-arrange where necessary, and cause to be cleaned, the contents of their respective Departments.

I mull also observe, that no period of adin ffiou previous to the month of August, could be added to the return, the present Plan not having been carried into execution till the middle of July lull.

Concerning the above Regulations, 1 have further to lLte, that they have not yet received the formal sanction of a General Meeting of the Trustees; and that a considerable alteration having been Ltely made in the Establishment of the Museum, and there not having been sufficient time to frame a set of Statutes conformable to the new system, the said Regulations were drawn up under the direction of some of the Trustees moll converiant with the aflairs of the Museum, and have hitherto been acted upon by way of experiment; but that a Special Committee was appointed at the last General Meeting, for the purpose of preparing a new set of Statutes; by whom these Regulations will necessiirily be taken into mature consideralion, aid be either confirmed, or properly amended.

British Museum, 7 J. Planta>

13th Feb. 1805. ) Pr. Lib#

An ACCOUNT of the Number of Persons admitted to a fight of The British Museum, in the Months of October, November, and December 1804, and January 1805; and also, of the Number that might have been admitted du*ing those Months, according to the existing Regulations.

In the MONTH of In 5 Companies, of 15 each on Open Days. In additional Companies on Open Days. By Tickets on the Close Days. Totals. Number of Persons Admissible, according to the Regulations:

r On Open Days. On Close Days. 1 Totals.

Odobtr - - -1804 - 984 94 *4 . M4* 1,260 . 4°5 1,665

November - - 565 23 69 657 1,080 4°5 1,485

December - 481 - - 481 900 270 M70

January - - 1805 - - 628 44 30 702 1,170 4°5 1,575

Totals - - 2,658 161 163 2,982 4>4i° 1,485 5,895

• N. B. The Museum was shut during the Christmas Week.

Proceedings of the Trustees.

’ 1802.

The principal Trustees, viz. the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord Chancellor, and the Speaker of the House of Commons, appointed three additional attendants, for the purpose of facilitating the admission of persons desirous of seeing the Museum.

1804.

At a Committee; present, (8th June,)

Earl Spencer, Mr. Sloane, Mr. Townley, Mr. Cavendish,

Mr. Annesley.

Resolved, That a trial be made of the following Plan, as soon as the Tickets already issued will permit.

A true Copy,

£. IV. Gray, Sec.

45 Geo. ill;

Appencii

X;

697

Rj >GU LATIONS.

The Museum is open for public inspection every Monday, Wod-ticfduy, and Friday; except in the Christmas; Fatter, and Whitsun M eeks, and during the months of August and September.

Persons who with to see the Museum, will applvat the Anti-Room in the House, on any of the above-mentioned open days, between the hours often and two, where each Individual will he required to in-Icribe his or her name and place of abode, in a book to be kept for that purpose.

Five Companies of not more than fifteen persons each, may be admitted in the course of the day; viz. one at each of the hours of tcu, eleven, twelve, one, and two. At each of those hours the Directing Officer in w aiting shall examine the entries in the book, and, if none of the persons inscribed be found exceptionable, he shall deliver to teac.li of them a Ticket for immediate admission.

Should more than fifteen persons apply at any particular hour, the last comers (to the number of fifteen^ and no more) shall he allowed to inlcnbe their names for an extra Company, to he admitted on the fame day, at two o’clock*

It is expected, that Person3 who visit the Museum be decent and orderly in their appearance and behaviour; the Officers being intruded to refuse admission to, or to cause to withdraw, any one who shall dilregard this caution. Pali experience has proved the neceility of this injunction.

No Children apparently under ten years of age will be admitted.

No money is to be given to the attendants or lemints.

Directions respecting the Reading-Room of The British Museum.

The Reading-Room of the Museum is open from teti till four* fcvrrv day, (except oh Saturdays and Sundays, and for one week at Christmas, Latter, and Whitfurttidt, also on ThaukfgivnJg and Fait

Persons desirous of admission are to fend in their applications, in ■writing, to the principal Librarian, who will lay the fame before the next General Meeting or Committee of the Trustees. But as it might he dangerous, in so populous a Metropolis as London, to admit jierfed Grangers, it is expected that every person who applies, if not known to any Trustee or Officer, /liould produce a recommendation from some per Ion of known and approved character.

In aJl cases which require such dispatch as that time cahnot be allowed for making an application to the Trustees, the principal Librarian, or in his absenre, the Secretary, is empowered to grant a temporary leave, till the next General Meeting or Committee.

Permifljons will in general be granted for three months, and none

for a longer term than six months: and at the expiration of each term, fre/h application is to be made for a renewal.

Although the Librarians be strictly enjoined to \ife all possible dispatch in supplying the Readers with the printed books br manu-feripts they may apply for, yet, as in so extensive a Library it may not be possible to find every article immediately, it is recommended to the Readers to allow a reasonable time for the fearth, especially as to the printed books.—It is expected that the Library will soon be in such ix Hate of arrangement, as to render this intimation super-fluous.

No Reader (except in particular cases, at the discretion of the principal Librarian) will he entitled to more thaii two volumes at a time; but they may be exchanged as often as he may require#

Readers will he allowed to take one or mbre extrude from any printed book or manuscript; but no whole or greater part of a manuscript, is to be traitscribed, without a particular leave from the TrUltees. The transcribers are not to lay the paper on which they write on any part of the book or manuscript they are using.

No perfmi is, on any pretence whatever, to write on any part of a printed book or manuscript belonging to the Museum; but if any one should observe a defect, or be able to point out an improvement in such book or manuscript, he is requested to signify the same to the Officer in waiting, who will make proper use of the information;

It may be sufficient merely to fugged, that flence is absolutely requisite in a place dedicated to the purposes of study.

A true Copy,

j. Plant a,

*■*■ Pr. Lib.

1805.

At aGeheral Meeting of the Trustees of The British Museum; February 9.—Present,

Earl Spencer; in the Chair j

The Duke of Grafton,

The Lord Chamberlain;

/The Bishop of London,

The Bishop of Durham,

The Speaker of thte House of Commons,

Appendix, (No. 20.) 13® Februarii,

CMtimttd.

President of the Royal Sociey, Presidfent of the College of Physicians,

Hans Sloane, Esq:

Francis Arinefley, Esq.

Henry Cavendish, Esq.

Resolved, That the Speaker of the House of Corpmons, Sir Joseph Banks, and Mr. Sloane, be appointed a Committee to examine and revise the Statutes and Rules relating to the inspection and use of the Museum, and report to a General Meeting such alterations as they /bull think proper to be made in them.

A true Copy,

J. Plant a,

Pr. Lib.

An* E STI MATE of the Sum that will he wanted so defray the Expence of the Purchase of a House, for the official Residence of the Jude;* Advocate General.

Nine Thousand Six Hundred Eighty-five Pounds and Seventeen Shillings.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, * 11th February 1805*

IF. Hvjkijjon.

Av ESTIMATE of the Sum that will be wanted to defray Bills of the Usher of the Court of Exchequer, for iiipplving the Court and Officers with Stationary, &c. for the year 1805.

One Thousand Eight Hundred and Thirty-nine Pounds Four Shillings and Five Pence.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 nth February 1805. )

IF. llujhijjbn.

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that may probably be wanted for defraying the Extra Charge for Messengers of the three Secretaries of State, for the year 1805.

Fifteen Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 11 th February 1805: j

IF. Hujkif'on.

Eleven Thousand Three Hundred and Eighty Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 11th February 1805. 3

IF. llujkijjon.

Appendix, (No. 2X.)

13* Tebruarii.

As ESTIMATE of the Sum that may probably be wanted for defraying the Extra Charge for Contingencies of the three Secretaries of State, for the year 1805.

As E S TIM A T E of the Sum that will be wanted to be paid to Sheriffs for Ctjivi&ioft of Felons, and Overpayments, for the year 1805.

Eleven Thousand Six Hundred Pounds.

Ml -

Whitehall Treasury Chambers, 7 nth February 1805. J

IF. llvjk'ijfn.

An ACC OT}N T, /hewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills issued per Ad 44 Geo. III. cap. 81, intituled, "An Act for " enabling llis Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds, for the Ufa and Purposes therein u mentioned Outltanding and Unprovided for.

Two Millions Five Hundred Thousand Pounds.

Appendix, (No. 22.) »4* Febfuarii.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7

14th February 1805. 3

8 P

llujkij

Appendix.

A. 1805.

698

Appendix,

(No. 23.)

14* Febru

An ESTIM ATE of the Expencea of the Corporation for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting the Streets of Dublin; for the Servio#

of Oiie Year; from the 5th January 1805 to the 5th January 1606.

To amount of Paving and Flagging £■ >■ 6,415 By amount of Paving Tax, on an Average of last £- *. d.

To amount of CWanfing - - - -To amount of Lighting - ■* - - 4,+oi 10,210 Three Years Net Receipt - - - -By anlomit of Lighting Tax, on an Average of ,0,598

To amount of Sewers - 120 lait Three Years Net Receipt - 7,791

10 amount of Fountains - - - -To amount of Corporation House 290 457 By Composition from the City for Cleansing By Composition from the City for Paving and 2,000 — —k

To a-nount of Incidents - - - - 1*424 Lighting - - - 320

To amount of Establishment or Salaries - 3,87o By Sale of Scavenging Soil, estimated at - 100

To amount of usual Gratuities - - 1,051 By Fines on Lighting Contractor, estimated, at 70

To amount ctf Interest on.Debentures - * 2,820 By Fines on Nuisances, estimated at -By usual Parliamentary Grant—Net 130 9,700

31,058 —- £ 30,716.

15th October 1804.

fcamuef &retne,

Inspetfor of Accounts.

17* Februarii. ESTIMATE of the Expence of the LINEN BOARD, from 5 th January 1805 to 5th January 1806.

Estimate of the Expence to the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland, for promoting and encouraging the said Manufactures, for one year from the 5th January 1805 to' the 5th of January i#o6, being the Amount of the Annual Grant for a series of years past - - . - - . - - - £. 21,600-----■

Linen Office, > r ry

24th October 1804. 5 J<tmeS C°rr}J’

Secretary.

ESTIMATE of the Expences of Cl VIL BUILDINGS, for One Year; from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806.

Salaries, Wages, and Lodging Allowances - £• *• 2,123 8 d. 10

Repairs ----- - *3.755 4 6

2,975 >o 4

4.584 .3 3

Contingencies - -- - »,56i 13 1

£• 25,000 —

Note.—The Fund applicable to this Inhibition is a Sum annually granted by Parliament for the Repair and Upholding His Majestys Cable in Dublin, the Lodges in the Phueiux Park, and other Public Buildings.

pro Sec.

6th January 1805. Leonard Speaft

Supervisor of Accounts.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of Printing and Binding 250 Copies of the ACTS 45 Geo. IIL

£. 900.

George Grierson.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of publishingProclamations, &c. in The Dublin Gazette, and other Newspapers; for

One Year, ending 5th January 1806.

«£. 7,026. 9. lOf.

George Grierson;

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Printing, Stationary, and other Diflnirfements, for the Chief and Under Secretaries Offices and Apartments, and other Public Offices, in Dublin Castle, &c. and for the Riding Charges, and other Expences of the DeputyPur-fuivants, and Extra Messengers attending the said Offices; for One Year, from 5ti\ January 1805 to 5th January 1806.

His Mnje fty’s Printer - - ......

Ills Majesty’s Stationer * ...... .

Diffiurfements by Office Keeper, Civil Department, Chief Secretary’s Office - - y.

Military D° ——

D* - - - . Chief Secretary’s Office in London -

To pay Fees in England on His Majestys Letters, for the Iffiie of Money from the Treasury in Ireland, for Public Services -

To pay Fees on the Lord Lieutenant's Warrants on His Majesty’s Letters for I(Tuing Money from the Treasury of Ireland, for Civil Expences -

Council Office—for the Expence of Postage of Letters and Newspapers -

Deputy PursuivanU and Extra Messengers -

£. t. d.

5,5<x>-----

5,000 -

2,800-----

750 -

1,860-----

200 — —

4,000-----

20,410 -- —

xrj.

A. Marfden.

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

699

ESTIMATE of the Probable Charge for TREASURY INCIDENTS, in Ireland} for One Year, from

5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806.

Salaries, and other Incidental Expences

Making

>>846 3 1 British.

3,000-----Irish Currency;

James Croftoh.

ESTIMATE of the Probable Expence of apprehending PUBLIC OFFENDERS in Ireland,

For One Year; from 3th January 1805 to 5th January 1806 ----- Two Thousand Five Hundred Pounds.

£.2,500. -—- - = A. Mar/den.

ESTIMATE of the Probable Expence of CRIMINAL PROSECUTIONS, and other Law Expences, in Ireland For One.Year; from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806 - Twenty-five Thousand Pounds.

£.25,000.

—-----= A. Marfden.

Appendix;

(No. 23.)

2 7* Februariii,

CQMtiflUid.

k >1 wf

ESTIMATE of thfc Probable Expenditure at His Majesty's GOLD MINE at Croaghan, in the County of Wicklow;

Ireland; from lft January 1805 to ill January 1806;

£- *' 1. 2• o. 8. o. 15.

Salaries of Three Overseert of Diggers, Wafliert, &c. - a.

Wages of 40 Diggers, Buddiers, Walhers, &c. - - a.

D° - of One Carpenter - - a.

Timber and Boards ——

t)° - of One Smith ----- -a.

Coals for Smith's use - 6 ton*, a.

D° - of One Head Miner - a.

Iron for Miners Tools - 1 ton,

Waste of Miners Tools - - - - 4 cwt. a.

Candles for Miners - 40 dozen, a.

Gunpowder for Miners - - - 500 lbs. a.

Driving 50 fathoms of Level - - - - a.

Sundry Materials* Sieve-bottoms, Nails* Shovels, Pickaxes, Wheelbarrows, &c Expences of Amalgamation, Smelting, and Allaying of Gold

d.

9* per week o. per D* -o. per D°.

o. 15.

o. 36. o. 15.

o. 56. o. 12.

O. 2.

9. o.

o. per D*.

o. -

o. per week

o. per cwt. o. per dozen o. per lb, -o. per fathom

ContiiiLcncies on the whole, 10 per Cent. Commission to Directors -

Balance in hand, 31 December 1804 Sum required to complete the Estimate

£• t. i.

■•k *77 9 —‘

- 832

- 39

20

- 39

- 10 16 —

* 39-1

- 30 — —.

- 11 4 —

- 24

- 50

- 270

- 5° — —

- 12 12 —

- 50' —i —.

,65

182

£■ 3,002 1 —

r 1.141 *7 9b

£■ 760 3 2f

Cronebane, 5th January 1805

u

A Mills.; Tho. King. Thomas Weaver;

ESTIMATE of the Expence of supporting the PROTESTANT CHARTER SCHOOLS of Ireland;

for One Year, from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806.

Diet of 1,968 Children, at Five Pence per diem -Clothing 1,627 Children, on'an average of 45s.

each -

Clothing 341 D°, in Nurseries, at 26st each Repairs of 39 Houses -Firing for 39 D*

Soap and Candles for 39 Houses

Books and Stationary ——

Furniture and Bedding ——

Officers Salaries - - - . - -

Catechids Salaries and Gratuities, at 20 per

annum -

Mailers and Mistresses Salaries (39) -Diet of D®, at 6d. per day -Premiums for D° -

Wages and Diet of 75 Servants -Salaries for 39 Ushers, at £. 15 per annum Premiums for D°, at £. 5 per annum -

Diet for D°, at 6 d. per day -

Annuities to 3 Superannuated Mistresses and one

blind Girl ——

Bounties to Apprentices for faithful Service, &c.

Apprentice Fees -

Medicines and Medical Attendance - -

Carriage of Children -

Carriage of Goods Law Expences -

Rent, Repairs, and Taxes of Society's House •Incidents

£. s. d.

14^65-----

3*660 15 —

443 — 2,5<55 15 9 962 — — 594 ~—

340 -----’

872 7 4 381 10 —

780-----

57*-----

711 14 —

316-----

945 6 3

5*5-----

195-----

355 *7 —

o —

198 17 6

280-----

400-----—

95-----

90-----

50-----

75 13 — 500-----

30.985

110

Rent of the Society’s Estates, for One Year

D° of School Lands, payable by the Masters -

Labour of the Children -

Subscriptiofis -

Interest of Baron Vryhouven's Bequest of, £.56,666. 13. 4. * - - - J

Dividend on £. 40,000. 4 per Cents. - -

Interest On 4 Dunleetand 6 Kinnfegad Debentures of £. 50. tech -

Interest on Government Debentures, £. 5 per Cents:

Interest on Afin KeOu’s Legacy of £. 1,000 '

1

Wanted to complete tie Estimate -

£. 1. 11.

2,637 11 8

45* 4

14) 00 — — 400 — —

1,794 16

1,698 13 4

36 10 —

35-----

50-----

8,363 15 9 22,6a 1 6 l

30,985 1 ic*

Chat* Dublin, v. p.

Appendix,

(tfo. 23.)

27* Febni

fontiuued.

■—- IJ

7 00 Appendix. A. 1805.

ESTIMATE of th* Expenc* of The POUN DLI N G IJOSPITA L, in Dubi.ix j for One Year, from 5th January 1«05

to 5th January 1806.

For Provisions Clothing Repairs of Buildings, &c. - -• - % — — , £■ *• </• 9,000 — — 4,300 1,200

Mifcell.meous Expences; viz. Coals - - - a w - - -Candles - -- -- - Etnip Oil ----- Books, Stationary, Printing, &c. - - * Medicines ----- Collectors of Jloufe Tax ----- Furniture - Ironmongery ----- Tin Ware - - - - -Sundry Incidental Expences ----- - £■ 5°° Q5o 60 300 - 100 35o - 150 - 840 3.325 — 3,000 —‘ 8,500 —

Salaries and Wages to Officers and Servants, and to the Matters and Mistresses in Schools and Factories, and to t^ie Nurses and Attendants in the lloufs -Wages for Nuriing 3,100 Children in tht Country -

Total Estimate of Expenct - - 29.325 —

f Deduct Amount of Funds:

HouseTax - - - - -Rent of Ettate -’ Sundry incidental Receipts £■ 7.3°° — — HO 1 *2 89 8 — 7.500

£■ 21,825 —

Add, Pells and Poundage - 675 —

Foundling Hospital, ) 18th Otl. 1804. C £■ 22,500

/. Hendrick, Auditor. .. IVill I (1771 Di/hey, Chair".

feST I MATE of the Probable Charge of The HIBERNIAN MARINE SOCIETY, in Dvbi.in; for One Year,

ending 5th January 1806

CHARGE; £■ s, d. FUNDS: & *• '•

Diet for 140 Boys - - - - V99 >3 9 Dividend on £. 4,300. Bank Stock - 322 10 —

Clothing - 'm - - 389 6 8 Jntcrefton £.2,200. Government Ditto - no —

Furniture and Repairs •* w 200 — — D® - on William Burton and John Hyde, Esqrs.

Soap and Candles - 50 — —. Bond for £. 1,200. - 72 —

Coals - - - a - -• - - 80 ,— .— D° - on William Burton and the Right honoura-

Rent and Taxes - - 94 18 6 ble William Brabazon Ponsonby’s two

Books, Stationary, and Printing - - - 63 — Bonds for £. 657. 8. 7. - 39 8

Outfit of Boys apprenticed - - - 50 — — Rents of Lands in the County of Carlow - 15

Apothecary - - - - 20 — .— The like of Ground in the City of Dublin - 144 16 -

Incidental Charges - - - - 55 — .— Probable Amount of Subscriptions - IOO

Salaries, Wages, and Allowances - - ml *93 9 3 r 1 —

' . £ 803 >4 >2

Wanted to meet the Charge - 1,69* >3 4

* £• 2,495 8 2 £■ 2,495 8 1

In* Cdrlton, Vice President.

Committee-Room, Dublin Cattle.

E ST I MATE of the Sum requisite to Maintain the HIBERNIAN SC IIOO L for Soldiers Children; for One Year, from 5th January 1805 to 5U1 January r8o6; and to provide for the Deficiency on the -Estimute of Parliamentary Grant, for the year ending 5th January 1805.

JFor Provisions -

- Clothing -

- Furniture and Repairs -

- Coals, Candles, ^nd Soap -

- Salaries and Wages -

- Stationary and Rooks - -

- Kitchen Gardens «► - - ’

- Apprentice Fees -

- Infirmary Expences -

- Incidental Expences -

- Computation for completion of new Buildings

£■ 2.364 — . 34$ —.

- 344 —

- 250 —

- -336 -—

- 'jo® -

- 70-----

- JOO-----

- 40-----

- 48 —

- 500-----

Deficiency on Estimate of the Parliamentary Grant for the year ending the 5th January 1805

Deduct, Averaged Amount of Revenue to the Institution, arising from Donations and Legacies

To Amount of Pell* and Poundage payable on£. 5,948, 19. 4 j. -

Net Sum required to be voted - £.

By Order,

5,500-----

648 >9 4I

6,148 19 4j 000-----

5,948 19 4< 184 — 3I

6,132 19 8

John Cooke Ry Seer,

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

701

ESTIMATE of the EApence of the FEMALE ORPHAN HOUSE, Circular Road, Dublin, for One Year; from

5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806, for One hundred and Forty Children.

For Diet at Five-pence per day each Child -Clothing -

Furniture and Repairs, including Sheets and Blankets; also Dairy and Garden Utensils Salaries, Wages, and Allowances Books, Printing, and Stationary -

Coals -

Soap and Candle# -Rent and Taxes, including Rent of Fields taken for Cows -Incidental Expences for drawing Water, fending Children to bathe, Necessaries for Sick, Ac ......

£ s. d.

1,064 11 8

360-----

5° — «5 4 55 6

147 12

Total Expence - - £ 2,077 17 —

An ESTIMATE of the FUNDS applicable to the Discharge of the above Expence, for the fame period.

Female Orphan House, > October 20th 1804. j

— Annual Subscriptions and Donations - £ M. d. 344 3 3

4 Produce of Childrens Work - - - aoo — —

2 Interest of £. 1,500 Government Stock * 75

3 Collection at Charity^ Sermon - - - - 500

3 Total Funds - - - £. *,*9 3 S

4 Difference between Funds and Expence - 958 13 9

— £ 2,077 17 —

Appendix, (No. 23.) 27* Februariiy continued.

Richd Matins,

Register and Accountant.

E. Ferns.

ESTIMATE of Expence proposed to be incurred by the ASSOCIATION for discountenancing VICE, &e. for One Year,

from 5th January 1805 to the 5th January 1806.

ESTIMATE of EXPENCES;

Salaries - - Assistance Secretary - - £ 50 -- - - Messenger - - - - 15 -

Charge incurred by distribution of Bibles at reduced prices -D# - - of Testaments and Prayer Books at reduced prices -D* - - of Tracts, Religious and Moral Dr - - for extending Catechetical Examinations throughout Ireland D° - - for the Encouragement of the Establishment of Schools in the raoft uninftrudled parts of Ireland D* - - for Premiums to Country Schoolmasters s under certain limitations

D* - - to promote the Establiflimenfc of a Seminary for Schoolmasters and Parish Clerks -!>• - - for contingent fcxpences

Total -

£ s. d. ESTIMATE of FUNDS:

Probable amount of Subscriptions - -

65 Sale of Tracts -

750 Sum wanted to answer Expences

120

130

170

200

75;

50

50

1,610

i,6io -

H. Guiness, W. Maturin

Char* Dublin, V. P.

Sec*;

ES TIM AT E of the Expences for Supporting the WESTMORLAND LOCK HOSPITAL, in Dublin; for One Year,

from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806,

Salaries

Medicine - -4

Firing -

Bedding, &c.

Surgeons Salaries -

Inspector of Dietary and of Accounts

Officers Salaries

Servants Wages

Provisions -

Druggist ......

Wine and Porter -

Lint and Tow - - . - - - ,

Groceries -

Meal and Lard, for Poultices and Ointment Tons.

Coals - - - 174

Chandler, for Candles and Soap -

Oil for Lamps ......

Bedding to replace such as are unfit for use Straw for Beds -

Laundress, for waffiing Hospital Linen, &c.

Furniture and Utensils

Repairs ......

Stationary ......

Rent ......

Taxes - * * * " "

Sundry Contingent DUburfements, per order of the attending Surgeons -

Truffes and Bandages for the Ruptured Poor . - - '

Treasury Deductions -

Auditor General's Fee on Imprest Roll

Quarterly Warrants

£ i. d.

515 — —

56 17 6

120 — —

200

120 — —

30 — —

93 — —

313 4 —

147 — —

18 16 —

sc® — —

5* — —

165 — —

208 5 to

« 5 6 182

Gross Amount - -

79* *7 6

290-----

2,500 — —

5$*-----

479 -

677 -

956-----

470-----

36-----

20 — — 12 3 —

302-----

400-----

6,685

211 19 6

6,897-----

/. Henthom, Chairman.

Vol. So.

8Q

702

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No- 23.)

27* Fcbrua

continued.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of supporting

the HOUSE of INDUSTRY, Dublin; from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806.

PERMANENT EXPENCES:

For the Maintenance of 1,100 Adults, at the Rate of/. 5. 5*- P<^ >>«"•. P«

the Maintenance and Clothing of 416 Children in the Alylum and Nursenes, at the Rate of £. 8. per head, per annum - '

Officers Salaries, employed in the above two Departments

Coal for supplying too Fireplaces in the House, atfo Boilers, Bakehouse,

Brewhouse, Laundry, and Workffiops ......

Candles, Soap and Lamp Oil - - , * " "

Bed-ticks, Blankets, Coverlets, and Straw, at the Rate of 10s. per head* per

annum -•*•

Rent and Taxes - - - " " " " \ "

Advertising and Stationary, including School Books, Paper, Pens, &c. etc. for the Education of the Children - •

Wages and Clothing of 13 Beadles, and other Expences attending the taking up of Sturdy Beggars and Vagrants - -

Pure haling "Uteni'ds and Furniture for the Dining Hails and Kitchen

Purchasing Implements for Labour - ......

Keepim; in Repair the Premises -

Premiums to Adult Poor, employed at sundry Manufactures and menial Offices Per-Centage to the Mailers of the Works, and for Porterage -

Premiums to Children employed at sundry Manufactures -Per-Centage to Inltruclors in the above Department -

the support of 250 Persons in the old Infirmaries and Lunatic Cells, including Wine, Porter, Officers Salaries, Nurses and Servants Wages, Coals and Candles, &c. &c. at £. 14. per head, per annum -the support of 60 Patients in Hardwicke Fever Hospital, from 5th April 1805 to 5th January 1806, being nine Months, at the rate of £. 14. per head, per annum -

Clothing 100 Idiots and Incurables, at the rate of £. 2. per head per annum -Salaries to three Physicians and three Surgeons for daily attendance

5,775

s. d.

3,328-----

486 12 1

600 -

240-----

758 -

250-----

l6o-----

750 -

200-----

Salaries to Five Governors -

the Reverend Thomas Gamble, one of the seven acting Governors who resigned -

Total Permanent Expences -

CONTINGENT EXPENCES:

For purchasing Ground contiguous to the House, which is essential to the Health, Employment, and Subfiitence of the Poor -

Finishing Hardwicke Fever Hospital, and erecting Hot and Cold Baths Purchasing 60 Iron Bedheads, 120 Bed-ticks, i2oBollters, 120 pair Sheets, 120 pair Blankets, and 120 Coverlets, for Hardwicke Fever Hospital -Purchasing sundry Articles of Furniture for Ditto -

RECEIPTS or FUNDS applicable to the Support of the Institution:

I*

Two years Interest on Baron Vrylioven’s Legacy of£. 1,612. 10 s. - 7

Veiled in the 4 per Cent. Contois. - - J1^1

One Year's Interest on Mrs. Cufle’s Legacy of £. 1,000. - - - 60_______

Mrs. Bindon’s Annual Subscription for the support of a Lunatic - 20________

Benjamin Johnstone, Esquire, Annual Subscription - - - - 3-----

Mrs. Fenner’s Annual Subscription - -- -- - 256

Produce of the Labour of the Adults -

Produce of the Labour of the Children in the Asylum

1,025-----

1,300-----

111 -

594-----

3,500-----

630 —. —

200-----

697 10 —

1,000 — — 1,500-----

576-----

100-----

227 3 6

2,325-----

£■ ‘d.

9,539 >2 1

2,008 -

380-----

200 -

250-----

600 -

95®-----

705-----

5,027 10 —

1,000-----

100-----

20,810 2 1

3,176 —

23,986 2 1

£■ t. d.

2,552 3 6

Net

By Order of the Board.

£ j 21,43318 7

Joseph Houghton, Seer.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of maintaining So Patients in the HOUSE of RECOVERY and FEVER HOSPITAL,

Cork-street, Dublin; for One year, commencing 5th January 1805.

Rfmt of Premises - -

Maintenance of Patients ......

House Ming, Furniture, and Clothing ......

Expence to b^mcarred in checking the progress of Contagion in the" Houses of the Poor Salaries and Wages to Officers, Servants, and Nurses ....

Coals, Cundlea, and Soap ......

Stationary and Printing -

Medicines

Wine, Porter, and Spirits -

Incidental Expences -

FUNDS applicable to defray the above Expenditure:

Parliamentary Grant, being, Gross /.1,030. 18. 6 ......

ru a le Deficit to be made up by annual Subscriptions from the Public -

Fever Hospital, Corlc.street, Dublin, 7 2olh December 1804. f

£■ *• d.

70 It

- 750 *

225 1$ 2

- - 250 10 4

- j 150 8 6

- - 1 161 y

10 7 41

- - 50 7 6

- - 80 8 2

- - ' 50 2 11

£■ 1,800 —

£. s. d.

- 1,000 Net.

- 800 Net.

£■ 1,800 Net*

G. Benny.

William Disney.

Jn9 David la Touche. Joseph Hone.

45 Geo. III.

Appendix*

703

ESTIMATE of the Exp.no. of Ibo LYING-IN HOSPITAL, Dunux; for Oho Yoor, from 5U> Juuiary 1805 to

5th January 1800;

Expence of 2,000 Patients:

Maintenance, Ac. -

Salaries, Wages, Rent, Taxes, &c. &c.

Repairs, and Sundries -

Debenture Interest Repair of Rotunda Roof

Income:

Rent of Stores -

Ground Rents -

Alley's Annuity -

Interest oq 30 Government Debentures

Mr. Daniel s Bequelt -

Bed Money -

Wine Licences -

Casual Income:

Bed Money Charity Sermon Chair Tax Hire of Rooms -

Deficit -

£■ d.

2,oooo-----

486- 4

513 *9 8

500-----

114 19 6

10*-----

15Q-----

39-----

1*5-----

20 12 6

50-----

250-----

100-----

200-----

£■ *■ d.

3,000-----

440-----

500-----

£■ *■ a,

Appendix-, (No. 23.) 27* Februarii,

continued.

740 12 —

Coo — 2,599 8

3,940-----

3,94° —

James KajirtiReg'.

ESTIMATE for Necessary REPAIRS of Madam Steeten&’s HOSPITAL.

SLATERS and PLUMBERS WORK.

*37

422

1

East Side Roof.

squares of Ion dating -feet run of ridge done -squares of ton dating on dormon windows

- a- £ 3-141/.

£•3-

y V .» mi HU-L. »IVIIV 01* — u J * 1 4 d.

71 hundred of new sheet lead for gutters, 42 s. per - £. 149 2 — Dedud, 31 cwt. old lead, 34#. - - - 52 14 —

1 { squares of weather dating on cheeks of d 76 feet run of ridge done on - - - - d

5 f hundred of sheet lead for flaflungs to chimnies - 42 s.

42 hundred of d* for valleys - 425.

4* hundred of d* for valleys and flashings to dormon windows, 42 s. 1149 feet of new boarded gutters under lead - - - 6d.

Repairs of Roof, West Side.

j 38^ squares of ton dating ----- a

394 feet of ridge done -

16 j squares of ton dating on dormon windows 1 i squares of weather dating on cheeks of ci°

81 hundred of dieet lead for gutter, 425. per - £. 170

Deduct, 50 cwt. of old lead, 34 s. per - 86

£' 3* 14 d.

£■ 3-

2 — 5 6

€4 hundred of new sheet lead to dormon windows 16 hundred of new d° to flashing of chimnies 116 J feet of new ridge done to dormons

Repairs, North Side. 77 } squares ton dating -306 feet run ridge done -101 fq uares of ton dating on dormon windows 1 \ square of weather dating d° -

71 feet of ridge done on - d° -

Hi I hundred of new lead for gutters, a. 42$. Dedutf, 32] cwt. old lead - 34 s.

- £ *7*

55

42 s. 4 2 s. 14 d.

£■ 3-14 d.

£■ 3-£•2. 14 d.

3 — 5

4 hundred of new lead for dadiing to chimnies - - 42 s.

39 hundred of d* for valleys and dadiing to dormon windows, 42 s.

Repairs Roof, South Side.

771 squares of ton dating - - a. 3.

306 feet of ridge done - 14 r/.

101 squares of ton dating on dormon windows - - £> 3.

1 -y square of d* weather dating on d* - - - £. 2.

71 feet run of ridge done on dormous - - - 14^.

81 J hund. new lead for gutters, 42 s. - - 171 3 —

Deduct, 42 hund. old lead, 34*. - - 71 8 —

4 hundred of new (licet lead to fladiings of chimnies 39 hundred ot d* to valleys and dormon windows

42 8. 42 r.

Carried forward

£■ s. 4.

412 10 —

24 12 4

3+ —

2 5 8*

4 8 8

- 96 8 —

1 1 11 —

88 4

84

28 14 6

415

22 19 8

50 5 —

3 10 —

- 83 16 6

131 8 —

' 33 12 —

7 4 H

232 10 —

17 57 —

3° 8 7

2 8

4 2 10

* 115 18 —

8 4 —

81 18 —

232 10 —

17 17

30 8 7

2 8 —

4 2 IO

99 15 —

8 8 —

81 18 —

786 14 2J

£. *. 4.

750 *5 84

493 * 5

477 7 5

-r-

970 13 10

2.508

704

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 23.)

a 7* Februarii,

continual.

Estimate for necessary Repairs of Madam Steevens's Hospital—continued.

Brought forward -

ESTIMATE for New SASHING, and sundry INTERNAL REPAIRS.

10 d.

- a.

Military Ward, No. 1.

73 i of eomice outside windows - a. 20 d.

16 i feet of window board, 8 in. broad - - - 6d.

31 i yards of oil painting, thrice done, window (huts and doors, lid.

To repairing the plaflering on walls and ceilings <211 squares of lime whitening on walb and ceilings

Nurse Dickens' Rooms.

2 falh frames -

20 feet of fasti and glass -

a 1 feet of inside flips ——

8 feet of flops

16 feet of inside casing -

16 feet 8 inches outside d*

1J feet superficial window board ...

974 yards of oil colour painting, thrice done 19 £ squares of whitening d°

To repairing the plaflering -

Military Ward, No. 2.

4 fasti frames 391 feet falh and glass 42 £ feet of inlide flips 16 feet of flops -

32 £ feet of inside casing

33 feet of outside casing 48 feet of cornice outside windows 11 feet run window board 171 squares of whitening -

Military Ward, No. 3.

5 falh frames -

50 feet superficial of fasti and glass -

52 \ feet inlide flips -

20 feet of flops -

40 \ feet of inside casing -

41 feet of outside d# -

61 feet of cornice outside dorman windows i'3| feet of window boards -26 £ yards of oil colour painting, thrice done 19 j squares of lime whitening on walls and ceilings To repairing the plaflering -

Mr. Graham’s Room.

2 fasti frames -

20 feet of fasti and glass ——

21 feet of inside flips ——

8 feet of flops -

16 feet 8 in. outside casing -

24 1 feet of cornice outside -5 J feet of window board -131 feet of oil painting (yards) thrice done -2 Aj squares of lime whitening ‘ -16 £ feet of inside casing -

Store Room.

1 fasti frame -

10. feet of falh and glass -

10 J feet of flips -

4 feet of flops -

8 | feet of outside casing -8 I feet of outside casing -12 J feet of cornice outside windows

2 j feet of window board -

10 squares of lime whitening -8 } yards of oil painting, thrice done -

'■ Prison.

5 yards of oil painting, thrice done 4i squares of lime whitening -

Military Ward, No. 4.

1 fafh frame -10 feet of fafh and glass -10 £ feet of inside flips

4 feet of flops -8 - feet of inside casing 8 J feet of outside casing -124 feet of cornice outside windows

2 3 feet of window board -10 square 16 feet whitening

8 yards of oil painting -To repairing the plaflering -

£• *• d.

626

— 8 3

— 17 81 256

— 17 8f

Carried forward

10 8. l

22 d. 1 16 8

3 d. — 5 3

2d. — * 4

+d. — 5 4

6 d. - 8 3l

6<L 19

lid. * 5 4

10 d. — 16 3

-«K- 1 10 —

, 105. 2

22 d. 3 ^3

3 d. — 71

2d. — 2 8

Ad. — 10 10

6d. — 16 6

20 d. 4

6d. - 5 6

10 d. — H 7

10 5. 2 10 —

22 d. 411 8

3 d. —13 if

2d. — 3 4

4 d. — 13 6

6 d. 1 — 9i

20 d. 5 1 8

6d. — 6 10$

11 d. 4 Si

10 d. — 16 3

105.

22 d. 1 16 8

3 d. — 5 3

2d. — 1 4

\d- - 8 3j

20 d. 2 10 —

6d. — 2 9

11 — 12 61

10 d. — 1 9

4 d. — 5 6

10 5. — 10 —

22 d. — 18 4

3 d. — 2 7J

2 d. 8

4 d. 2 10

6 d. — 4 2

20 d. 1 — 5

6d. - 1 41

10 d. - 8 4

lid. — 7 11

11 d. — 4 7

10 d. — 3

lo-

22 d. — 18 4

3 d. — 2 71

2d. 8

4 d. — 2 10

6d. — 4 2

20 d. 1 — 5

6d. - > 4i

10 d. — 8 si

11 d. — 7 4

• — 10 —

- .? ~ -

£. s. d.

22 1* 5

7 9 3i

12 *3 lof

£• *• 2,508 2

d. 9

18 1 8

7 4 1

3 16 8

— 8 l|

4^2}

• £.\ 2.508 2 9

45 Geo. III.

Appendix

705

Estimate for necessary Repairs of Madam Steevens's Iiofpita!—continued.

Brought forward -2 Rooms for Nurses adjoining the above.

2 fasti frames -

20 feet of fa(h and glass -

21 feet of inside flips -

8 feet of flops -

17 feet of inlide casing -

16 \ feet of outside ealing -

24 £ feet of cornice outside window -5 jr feet of window board -

2o \ squares of whitening -

16 yards of oil whitening, thrice done -To repairing the plaflering -

Mr. Ryans Room.

2 fasti frames -

20 feet of 1aill frames - - - - . -

21 feet of inlide flips -

8 feet of flops - -

17 feet of inlide casing -

16 feet 8 inches outside, d° -

24 f feet of cornice outside -

5 i feet run window board -2 squares 17 feet of lime whitening -

14 yards of oil painting, thrice done -

Military Ward, No. 5.

5 fasti frames -

50 feet of fasti and giufs ——

5*21 feet of inlide 11.ps ——

20 feet of linns -

t*2 £ feet of iniide ealing -

£ feet of outflde da -

feet of cornice outside -

*3..fret ol window board -*9i -mares of lime whitening on ceilings and v;

20^ V«.(ps of oil paiiein j, thrice done -T01

.11

£. s. d.

a. 10s.

22 d. 1 16 8

3d- — 5 3

2d. — i 4

4 d- — 5

6d. - 8 4

20 d. 2 — 10

6d. — - 8-i

10 d. — 16 10A

1 id. — 14 8

a. 105.

22 d. 1168

3 d- — 5 3

2 (I. — 1 4

Ad- — 5 8

6d. - 8 4

20 d. 2 — IO

6d — 2 8$

10 d. — 1 9

11 d. — 12 IO

a. 105. 2 IO

22 d. 411 8

3d' - 13 1 h

2i/. — 3 4

Ad- —- >4

Cut. 1 — 10

20 (I. 5 3 4

6 d. — 6 10$

10 d. — 16 5 h

11 d. — 18 9A

oairing the pUflerim

Milit\ry Ward, No. 6.

1 fasti frame -

10 leet of falh anoftlafs -10 J feet run of inlide ),j,s -

4 feet of flops -

5 I feet of inlide ealing -8 | feet of outside ealing

12 4 feet of cornice outside windows

2 % feet of window board -to j squares of whitening -

7 \ yards of oil painting, thrice done -Repairing the plaflering -

Long Ward, No. 7. afs -

7 fasti frames 69 i fe°t of liilh and gl 73 i l°ei ol inlide flips 28 teet if Imps 58 J leet ol mtlide ealing 57 feet of inide d° -86 feet ot con ice outside -

10 \ feet of window board - squares ol line whitening 31 yaids of oil paining

Gallery toyiILiTAftY Wards, Upper Story 14 fasti frames -

140 feet of fasti and ghili -147 feet of flips -

56 feet of flops 116^ feet of outside ealing -112 feet of inlide, d* -

171 J feet of cornice outside -

38 ij feet of window boards

83 J squares of lime whitening ——

Bolton's Ward, M/ldle Story.

8 fasti frames - -

10/ feet ot fviji and glass -132 fret, of flips -

64 feet of flops ——

114 h feet of inside casing -

24 yards of oil painting -

66\ squares of lime whitening -~ Repairing the plaflering, &c.

Nurses Rooms.

2 fafh frames -41 J feet of falli and glass - - - - . -

33 feet of inlide flips - - - •

16 feet of flops 28 J feet of inlide casing -6 j yards of oil painting, thrice done -

25 j square of lime whitening -

2 10 —

— 10 —

22 d. — 18 4

3d- — 2 7}

2 d. 8

Ad- — 2 IO

6<l — 4 2

2t> d. 1 ~ 5

6d. — 1 41

10 d. — 8 6J

lid. — 6 10A

— 10 —

£■ a,508

s. d. * 9

Carried forward

a. 105. 310 —

22 d. 6 7 io|

3d- — 18 4$

ut. - 4 8

6-/. »92

4d — 19 —

2o d. 7 3 4

6d. — 9 7l I

10 d. 1 16 8 I

lid. l 8 5

a. 105. 7

22 d. 12 16 8

3d- 1 16 9

2d. — 9 4

6d. 2 18 4J

4 d. 1 17 4~

20 d. 14 5 10

6d. — 19 3

10 d. 3 9 7

a. 15*- 6

22 d. 15 6 2

3 d- t 13 —

2d. — 10 8

4d. 1182

lid.' 1 2 —

10 di 2 15 5

- 4

a. 155. 1 10 —

22 d. 3 16 6

3d- — 8 3

2d. — 28

4 d. — 9 7

lvd. I — 5 ni

lod. \ 1 1 5i

- - . 8 R

824

v

6 15 4i

19 8 7

4 5*°

24 7

45 >3 1$

33 5 5

7 H 5

2*50# a 9

Appendix, (No. 23.)

2 70 Februarii,

continued.

Appendix,

(No. 23.)

2 7° Februa

continued.

106

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Estimate for necessary Repairs of Madam Steevens’s Hospital—continued.

1

m 115 J

49

loo-■

/ f

Brought forward

Drying Room for Laundry Maid, fa Hi frames ——

fret faili and glnfs -

feet oi inlide ilips

feet oi hops -

feet of inlide casing -

yards of plain wainfeot in window boards yards of od coloured painting, 3 coats -29 % squares of lime whitening -

Laundry Maids Room.

2 fafh frames -

38 4 feet of falh and glass -

33 feet of Hips -

14 feet of hops -

28$ feet of inlide casing -

13 yards of oil painting, thrice done -

14 squares of lime whitening -

Cook's Room: i faili frame -

fret of faih and glass -16 £ fret of inside flips -

16 J feet of inlide casing -7 feet of hops -14 J feet of inlide casing -ij squares of lime whitening 4 yards of oil painting, thrice done -

Cusack's Ward.

- a. - -

i fafh frame -

lp£ feet of falh and glass 161 feet of inlide lhps 7 feet of Hops -14 J feet of inlide casing 101 feet of superficial window board 4 yards oil painting, thrice done *71 squares of lime whitening

Leigh’s Ward.

fafh frame - -

fret of falh and glass -

fret of inlide ealing -

19*

1 A

16 £ feet of inlide llipa 7 feet of hops

10 feet of window board -4 yards of oil painting

17 2 squares of lime whitening

Mr. Hill's Room.

1 faili frame -

24 feet of frfh and glass - - * - -

16 £ feet of inlide Hips ——

7 feet of hops -

141 fret of inlide casing -10 feet of window board -4 J yards of painting -

17 | squares of whitening -

Nurse to Primate’s Ward.

2 falh frames - -

42 £ fret of fasti and glass -28.^ feet of inside casing -

14 feet of hops -

33 feet of inlide flips -

15^ yards of oil painting, thrice done -

13 i squares of lime whitening -

Primate's Ward.

7 fafh frames -

134 J feet of falh and glass -100 \ fret of inlide ealing -

115 2 feet of inlide flips -

49 feet of hops - / -

211 yards of oil colour painting -

Nurse to Bisiiop of Dublin's Ward. 2 fafh frames -

42 J feet of falh and glass -33 fret of inside flips -

14 feet of hops -

28J feet of inlide casing -

15 yards of oil painting -

Doctor Worth's Ward.

7 fafh frames -

149 £ fret ol falh and glass

115 A feet of inlide Hips -

49 feet of hops -

100 J feet of inside casing -31 % yards of oil painting -

Carried forward ——

— - £. s. d.

a. 15 5. 5 5 —

22 d. 12 5 8

3d. 1 8 10J

2 d. — 82

Ad. 1 13 6

6 d. 2 6 6£

11 d. 161

10 d. 1 4 7

a. 155. l 10 —

22 d. 3 10 lj

- 8 3

2 (I. — 2 4

4 a ~ 9 7

lie/. — 11 11

10 d. — 11 8

i. - - — 15 —

22 5. 1 15 —J

3d. — 4 2

4 d. — 5 6

2 d. — 12

4'/- — 4 9

10 d. — 14 2

11 d. _38

— 15 —

22 d. 1 15 —A

3 d. — 4 2

2d. — 1 2

4 d. — 4 9

6tl. — 5 ij

11 d. — 38

10 d. 1 'O <Cr—

— 15

2 2 d. 1 15 9

4 d. —: 4 io

2d. — 2 j

3d. — 1 9

‘ 6d. — j —

11 d. - 3 8

1 od. — H 9h

— 15 —

22 d. 24-

3 d. — 4 2

2d. — 12

4 d. — 4 9

8 d. — 6 8

liti. — 3 11

10 d. — H 7

155. 1 10 —

22 d. 3i#4

4 d. — 9 (5

2(1. — 2 4

3d. — 8 3

lid. — 14 4£

10 d. — 11 3

155. 55 —

22 d. 12 7 —

4 d. 1 13 6

3d. i 8 10

2d. — 8

11 d. — 19 8$

155. i 10

22(1. 3 18 4

3d. — 8 3

2d. — * 4

4 d ~ 9

11 — 13

15 s. 0 5 —

« 2 d. 13 4 1

3d. 1 8 io£

2J. — 8 2

4 d. 1 13 6

lid. 1 8 10J

d.

25 18 5i

7 3 i°l

4 3 5’

£■ «• d.

2,508 2 9

4 3 8}

4 3 6J

4 H 3

; 14 —3

22 2 3

7 2 23

2318 6

2,508 2 9

4

45 Gfio. Ill;

Appendix.

707

Ehimate for liecessary Repairs of Madam Steevens's Hospital—continued.

Brought forward

Messengers Room.

3 fafh frames ......

38 \ feet of fafh and glass -33 feet of inside llips -

feet of hops -

feet 8 in. of inside casing -yards of oil painting -

l'quares of lime whitening ....

- a.

14

28

6

H

15

22 d.

3 (1-2 (L

4 d. 11 d. 10 d.

Bathing Rooms.

1 fa Hi frame -

19 ~ feet of fafh and glass -16 I feet of inside Hips -

7 feet of hops -

I4£ feet of inside casing ....

91 feet of window board -

2 feet of caping ——

32 squares of lime whitening -

4 yards of oil colour painting, thrice done

Apothecary's Room.

l fafh frame -

19! feet of fafh and glass -16 \ feet of inlide Hips -7 feet of Hops -

141 feet of inlide casing -

9 £ feet of window' board -2£ feet of raping, 3 in. -16 squares 77 feet whitening -4 j yards of oil colour painting, three coats

Straw Room.

1 fafh frame -

19 \ feet of fafh and glass -

16 ~ feet of inlide Hips .....

7 feet of stops -

14~ feet of inlide casing -

91 feet superticial in window board -

2 \ feet of caping, 3 in. broad -

4 yards of oil painting, thrice done -

Mr. Adams (Apothecary) principal Rooms.

4 fafh frames -

76 - feet of falh and glass -

66 feet of inlide Hips - - - - * -

27 \ feet of hops - m -

57 4 feet of inlide casing -

12 \ yards of oil colour painting -

Mrs. Cooper.

5 fafii frames - -

5 J feet of falh and glass

34 \ leet of hops -

82 £ leet of inlide Hips -72 feet of inlide casing -14 ~ yards of oil colour painting - -

Nurse to Powell's Ward.

2 fafh frames -

38 feet of fafh and glass - '

33 feet of inlide Hips

14 feet of hops -

28 A feet of inside casing -

12 yards of oil painting, thrice done -

Nurse to Bisiiop Stern’s Ward. l fafii frame -

191 feet of falh and glass -16 ~ feet of inlide flips -7 feet of hops -14 feet of inlide casing -

30 \ yards of oil painting -

Arcades Lower Story.

128 4 squares of whitening in d°, and Gateways

a. 22d.

3 d* 2 d.

4 d. 6 d. 6 d.

10 d. lid.

a. -- a. 22 d.

3^ 2 d.

4(l-6 d. 6d.

10 d.

11 d.

• 15 s-22 d. 3 d* 2 (I. A(l-6 d. 6J. lid.

15s. 22 (1.

3 d. 2 d.

4 d.

ll d.

a. 155. 22 d. <ld.

3 d.

4 d.

ll d.

a. 15$. , 22 d. 3 d* 2 d. 4(/. ll d.

- a.

3

60 J

454 -3 46 201*

3

5H

48

3° f

6

CoMMitTEE Rooms. fafii frames; 1 d°, 6: io- X 3:0; 2 dn, 8: o X 3:0. feet of fafh and glass -

feet of inside flips -

feet of hops -

feet of inlide casing -

yards of oil painting, thrice done ——

t

Library.

fafh frames - -

feet of fafh and glass -

feet of inlide hops -

feet of inlide ealing -

yards of oil painting, thrice done -squares 33 feet of lime whitening -

Carried forward

22 d.

3* 2 d. 6 d. 11 di

10 d.

*5$ 22 (I

3^ 2 d

4

ll d.

a. 15 5. 22 d. 2 d. 4

11 d.

10 d.

£■ s. d.

I 10

3 10 7

— 8 3

— 2 4

— 9 6f

— 6 5

— 11 . 8

15

1 15 9

— 4 ih

-— 1 2

, — 4 9

'— 4 7-J

— 1 4h

1 6 8

— 3 8

15

1 15 3r

— 4 U

— 1 4

— 4 9

— 4 7

— 1 4i

— 14

— 3

15

1 1.5 3

— 4

— 1 2

4 10

— 4 7f

— 1 4f

— n O 8

3 7 — 3

1 2 —

— 4 6i

—- 19 1

— 11 5}

3 15

7 15 6

— 5 H

— 13 8

1 4 —

— 13 3

1 10

3 10 7

— 8 3

— 2 4

— 9 11 4f

15

1 15 3!

— 4

— 1 7 7 2

1

2 5 -

6 7 i#$

— 11 4

— 3, 9

— 15 4

— 18 nf

2 5

6 11 1

— 3 10 f

— 16 —

1 7 ill

— 5 6

£■ d.

6 18 9I

4 »7 *1

3 9 —f

la 17 4

14 7

611 6j

4 10 6|

5 7 3j

1123

12 3 * -£■

£ *■ d.

2,508 2 5)

Appendix,

(No. 23.)

2 70 Februa

continued.

'-----'

2,508

708

Appendix*

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 23.)

27* Fcbma

continued.

Estimate for necessary Repairs of Madam Steevenss Ilofpltal continued.

18

4*9

339

141

288

- a.

Brought forward

Chapel.

falh frames - -

feet of falh and glass -

feet of inside flips -

feet of hops -feet of iniide ealing

14 i yards in window board - * -

209 j yards floated and coated ceiling -j 77 \ feet of large cornice -741 yards oil painting, thrice done

Doctor Harvey's Rooms.

9 fasti frames -

217^ feet of fasti and glals -

178 f feet of inside flips -

72 feet of hops -145 i feet of inside casing -16 yards of window boards -

46 yards of oil painting -

37 \ squarcs of whitening -

Dissecting Rooms.

5 fafh frames

54 £ feet of falh and glass ——

52 J feet of inside Hips -

20 feet of hops - . - -

52 feet of iniide ealing -6 i feet of cornice outside dormons 411 feet of outside casing -9 feet superficial window board

8 yards of oil painting, thrice done -

Repairs £ast Building.

4 fasti frames -

43 feet of falh and glass -

42 feet of iniide flips -

16 feet of (lops

331 feet of outside casing -

49 feet of cornice outside windows -

71 feet superficial window board -yards of oil painting, 3 coats

Add, 4 windows and trimmings, fame as the last

Stairs leading to Military Wards.

*44 \ fret superficial in threads of hairs -1 falh frame, 310X3:3 -

10 feet of falh and glass -

\ falh frame, 9 X 3 by 3: 3 -

38 \ feet of falh and glass -

18 vet of iniide ealing -

34 feet of fops

9 I feet of hops - -

Hi feet superficial window boards 311 squares of lime whitening

a. 15 s.

22 d. 3 d. ' 2 d.

4(i-

6d. 2 s. 3$. 6d. 11 d.

15*-

22 d. 3 d. 4* 4* 6d. 11 d. io d.

- a.

10 5.

2 2 d.

3

2 d.

4 d

20 d.

4 d. 6d. 11 d.

105.

22 d. 3d. 2 d. 4 d. 20 d. 6d. lid.

6 d.

£- 5. d.

13 10 —

39 7 io|

4 4 9

1 3 6

4 16 —

4 7 —

20 19 4

31 1 3

3 8 3?

6 15

19 17 10

2 4 7f

1 4 —

2 8 4*

4 16 —

2 2 2

1 18 4

2 10

5 —

— 13

— 3 4

— 17 4

5 1 8

— 13 10

— 4 6

—\ 7 4

2 4 — 5

— 10 6

— 2 8

— 11 1

4 1 8

— 3 9

— 5 9

r 6

South Staircase.

13 I feet in 2 window boards

1 falh frame 15 7 feet of falh and glass -i8|; teet of iniide ealing 18 | feet of hips

9 feet of hops

Staircase next Back Yard, W.

2 small fafh frames -l larger -d°-

20 feet of fa 111 and glass -18 \ feet of iniide ealing -12 £ feet of flips 3^ feet of hops

To painting the wood-work -

Middle Gallery.

32 fafh frames

772 feet of fasti and glass -

602 \ feet of iniide hips ——

245 | feet of hops -

512 feet of iniide casing - - - - I

*4t yar*ds of wainlcot in window boards 131 y yards of oil colour painting, thrice done

r a r Store Room, Lower Story*.

7 falh frames -

134 feet of falh and glass - - T . T

feet ol iniide Hips -

49 feet of hops -

100 \ feet of iniide casing . .

7 i yards of window boards -20 feet run of caping -

29 yards of oil colour painting, 3 coats

Carried forward

22 d.

22 d. 6 d. 3d. *1(1. 6d. 10 d.

a. 6 d.

22 d. 6 d. 3d. 2d.

a. 105.

22 d. 4 d. 3d. 4 d.

a. 15^ 22 d. 3d. 2 d. 4 d. 6d. lid.

a. 15 5. 22 d. 3d. 2d. 4 d. 65. 6 d. lid.

— 18 4

1 ■— 2 16 4

" 9 4x

— 8 6

— l 6£

— 7 3

1 6 5f

— 6 9

i 1 8 5

"7 9 3

— 4 7

— 1 6

1 — 1 — 2 14 6

— 6 2

— 3 ll

— 1 1

— 10 —

24 —

7° >5 4

7 10 7

2 — 10

8 10 8

7 8 .—

6 — 1

5 5

5 8

1 8 10

— 8 2

1 13 5

* 3 6

— 10 —

1 6 7

£- *> d.

122 18 —

41 64

15 11 6

1*2 6 101

12 6 10I

14 a —

3 10 6

5 14 10i

126 5 6

25 1 2

£■ *■ d.

2,508 2 9

8*3 >7 3

3,322-----

45 Geo. III.

Appendix

709

Estimate for necessary Repairs of Madam Steevens's Hospital—continued.

Brought forward - - - £■ t. d. * 1 1 . cr.

VENTILATION, &c. To opening Apertures in V alls ot Passage, and making Ventilating Funnels to Wards, &c. - - - 500

E X P E N C E for furnishing 110 Metal Bedsteads, with Beading, Curtains, and Brackets. 1 Metal Bedilead - - . - _ . _ _ -a. £. 1 18 6 Carpentering Expences - 10 4 Painting Bedsteads - - ^ Curtains, and making 12 1 110 Bedsteads, complete - - - a. £*3 13 2 402 8 4

1 Bed-tick and Bolder - - - - a. £: 5 10 2 pair Sheets 1310 1 pair of Blankets 1— 1 Coverlid - - -- -- 88 Making Bed-tick and Sheets - - - - 110 sets of Bedding, complete - at £. 2 19 10 329 1 8

£. February 13th 1805.1 Dedudl for 29 Bedsteads complete, already fumiftied - 731 10 — 111 10 —

Edwd Parke. j £■ 620 4,442

ABSTRACT of foregoing: ]

Repairs of Roof - 2,508 2 9

New Salhiii^, and internal Repairs - 813 »7 3

Ventilation, . 500

Expence of Furniture - - 620

£■ 4,442

From the mod accurate Calculation that can be made, to support,") for one Year, the number of Beds at present in the Hospital, f which is only one hundred and ten, there will be wanting, in^A-5^ addition to the present Funds, the sum of Five Hundred Pounds j

Jtedefdale, C.

Char* Dublin.

William Derry.

Geo. Stewart.

J. S. Rochfort.

Ja* Verjcfioyle.

J. G. Beresford-

Robt Perceval.

Fredk Trench.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of Fitting-up and Supporting a PENITENTIARY in Dublin, for Employment of Persons sentenced to Transportation, and Young Criminals con vide d in a funumary way before Justices of the Peace; for One Year, from 5th January 1805 to 5 th January 1806.

For building Workshops and other Offices necessary to enlarge and secure the Establishment The Maintenance of sixty Persons, at the rate of £.5. 5$. per Lead per annum Clothing for Ditto - - - ’

Rent and Taxes -

Salaries to a Clerical Visitor, Register, and Keeper -

Servants Wages ——

Premiums to Boys employed at Manufactures -

Salaries to Instrudor over Ditto - -

FUNDS applicable to the Support of the Institution - - - Cr.

Probable Produce of the Labour of the Boys at Manufactures ——

£. i. d.

1,000-----

315-----

180-----

150 -

200-----

30-----

20 — — 50-----

1*45-----

150-----

By

Order of the Board.

>,795 -

Jos. Houghton, Sec*!

gga gass issssssac s ssssssss —~—■... .. —esssssmm

ESTIM ATE of the Expence of the DUBLIN SOCIETY; for the year 180$.

GENERAL EXPENCES, for the year 1805.

AmoyntcfSalaries, Wages, &c. - -

House Rent and Taxes. ——

Due of the Purchase of the Lease of the Botanic Garden -

Premiums the Society stand engaged for- - -

- D° - adjudged, not yet claimed ——

Coals for Repository and Garden ——

Clothes for House Porter, £. 30.-rDp for Labourers of the Garden, £.17, ......

, English and Irish Newspapers -

Printing a Volume of Transactions, now in press ——

Binding in Boards D°, 500 vols. ......

Printing weekly Minutes, one Year ——

A Fire Engine (bespoke) -

Purchase of Implements, Models, Sec. - computed ——

Purchase of Trees and Seeds for Garden

Contingent Expence for Laboratory ——

Estimate of Buildings to be finished - - - * * 7 * " * *

For Repairs; Contingent Expences of Stationary; Manure for Garden > temporary Rewards for Work* of Genius, Purchase of Books, &c. ——

£ «. d.

2,853 — 8

757 19 —

500-----

1,448 9 —

183 — 6 128 -

75-----

25 -

69-----

113 15 —

125 -----•

loo *-----—

30-----

10,827 — 3

500-----

N.B.—The Statiftieal Reports of 16 Counties have been published, and paid for. There are 16 more undertaken, which, at the rate of £: 160 per County, printing included, will amount to

Towards which, the annual Subscriptioa will amount to about £. 500.

2,560-----

20,357 10 5

VOL* 60.

8 S

The* LyficTy See*.

M

Appendix, (No. 23.) 27° FebruarK,

continued.

W. y——>

T10

Appendix

A. 1805.

Appendix, (No. 23.)

17* Febru,

continued.

ESTIMATE of the Expences of the FARMING SOCIETY of Ireland; for One year, ending 5th January ,806.

Amount of Premiums for the year 1804, unpaid -

D° - *■ of Premiums ottered for 1805 * -

Expences of two Shews of Cattle - * m

D° - - of Models of Implements, &c. -

D° - - of Agricultural Books - -

Secretary's Expences on an Agricultural Tour -

ESTABLISHMENT:

Rent and Taxes -Salaries to Officers and Servants Printing, Stationary, and advertising -Pottage of Letters -

Furniture ......

Sheds for Cattle, and finishing the Society’s Apartments at Ballinattoe -

FUNDS:

Probable Amount of Subscriptions -A dm i lli on to Shews -

By Order

£• 923 8

d.

6

1,100-----

200-----

lOO-----

IOO-----

»i3 15 —

£ 330

300

100

40

770-----

300-----

1,500-----

5,107 3 6

£■ 500

IOO

(lOO-----

4,507 3 6

John Hamilton, Sec*.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Office of the Commissioners of CHARITABLE DONATIONS and BEQUESTS, fit

One year, from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806.

For the Annual Salary of the Secretary to the Commissioners ...... - - £.150-----

For Law and all other Expences, such as Stationary, Pottage of Letters, Messenger, Books, Printing, Advertising, &c. &c. 7 _____

all of which depending on Contingencies cannot be accurately estimated; but it is presumed, they cannot be less than - J

£ 4°o -

21 February 1805. * v John Corneille,

Secretary to the Commissioners.

N. B. There is no Fund applicable to defraying the Expences of this Board, save what is annually granted by Parliament.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the Commissioners for making Wide and Convenient Streets in the City of Dublin; for One year,

from 5th January 1805 to 5th January 1806:—And of their Annual Funds.

Funded

Unfunded - -

Miscellaneous Rent -

CHARGE:

£. s. d.

99,000 -

38*985 19 7

Debenture Debt (Coal Duty) -

D° - - (Club and House Tax) - -

On which the Annual Charge of Interest is - -

Sum due at His Majesty’s Treasury, being the Premium on the Loan of

£.38,985. 19s. 7 d. in the year 1800 - 6,023 6 8

One year's Interest on — D° - 3618 —

Certificate Debt - - - 106,884 9 6£

On which the Annual Charge of Interest is-----..

Sums due for Preniifcs upon Aston’s Quay, and in Ilawkins-street, as

valued by Jury, pursuant to Ad of 1799 ----- 11,029 2 1

Interest on D* a £.5. per-Cent. per annum -

Annual Expence of the Establishment.—(Average)

To the College . -- - Bishop of Raphoe -

Sundries . -

Contingencies—(Average)

By Amount of Coal Duty - - - Club Tux

- - - - House Tax

- - - - Rents

Amount of the year ending 24th June 1804.

Making the Total Annual Income - - -By which it appears, that there is a Deficit of -

Office of Wide Streets, Dublin, 1 13th of October 1804.

£ s. d.

6,300-----

6,384 14 8

6>4*3-----

55i-----

1,200-----

5-20-----

750-----

Making the-Total Annual Charge -

DISCHARGE:

9.500 -

320-----

840-----

2.500 -

10,648 14 8 2,000-----

2,47°-----

600-----

24,718 14 8

13,160 —

11,558 14 8

Tho' & Wilt* SlierraSec.

■45Cjeo. Ill,

Appendix.

Til

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the ROMAN CATHOLIC SEMINARY in Ireland; for One year, ending the

5th January i$o6.

IP

D°

I>°

l)°

D®

Salary of - President - ......

\’m: President

Senior ProielVor of Divinity -Junior 1)° -

lVuleiibr of Sacred Scripture -

D® - of Experimental Philosophy -

- of Logic and Moral D* -

- of Mathematics - . .

- ot Rhetoric

- of Greek and Latin ——

- of Lnglish Elocution -

Three junior or AlliUant Lecturers, at £*40. per annum

Dean - ......

IVoniriitor -

Sarrikan ......

Intler Librarian -

Subsistence of 18 Mahers, at £. 40. per -

Salary of - Secretary to Trustees -

D' of - Agent -

Subhltenceof Two hundred Scholars on the Foundation, at £. 23. per TVagct> of - Steward and Cook, at £. 20. per -Ten Servants, at £.10. per -Subfillence of Twelve D° - at £.20. per -

t Rent ——

Repairs, Contingencies -

Poundage and Pells -

Total Chaeoe -

113

91

91

80 80 60 60 60 60 60 60 120 60 60 40 20 7 20 5<s 300 5,000

4°

100

240

74

113

240

s.

*5

d.

17 6

7 6

». d.

Appendix, (No. 23.) 270 Februarii,

continued.

8,000 —

ESTIMATE for Building the intended IIALL for the ROYAL COLLEGE of SURGEONS in Ireland.

Perches. Feet. Bricklayers Work: £ * * £•

502 . - of houe masonry in foundations and basement hory - a. 145. 351 8 —

264 superticial of punched hone round windows - - - gd. 9 18 —

54 * . of woikmanship only in opens of windows and doors - - 2 4. 5 8 —

132 superticial of black punched hone arches over windows - i8d. 9 18 —

128 - of bri'-k work in jambs of doors and windows - 13#. 6d. 86 8 —

66 scheme arches to w indows and doors, basement hory - 2 s. 6 12 —

21 counter arches to — L>°- - - - - 44. 6d. 4 14 6

1,861 - - of r>nck woik in principal walls - 134. 6d. 1,256 3 6

63 ichtine arches to windows &c. ----- 24. 6 6 —

9 outhde loot arches over windows - 45. 6d. 2 — 6

4 ouilide ditto over wvet windows ----- 104. 2

Extra on 724 thousand of grey iiock bricks - 12 s. 434 8 —

ll trimmer arches ----- - 104. 5 10 —

20 chimney funnels parjeted ----- 224. 17 12 —

1 large fermcircular brick arch over window - 25 6

225 - - of woik only in doors, windows, and principal hory - - 2 s. 22 10 —

4 lVmiK ircular arches over front windows - 104. 2 — —

T,‘2a6 - - of buck-work inwalls of theatre, ditVeding room, and passages, 841 1 —

>5 3\ 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1

2: 21 - . of hone foundation to theatre, See. ----- 14$. 154 H —

:tS - _ of work only in doors, &c. - -2s. 3 16 —

35 scheme aiches over windows and doors - 24. 3 10 —

2 counter arches over chimneys - 4* 6</. — 9 —

2 funnels parjeted - - - -154. 1 10 —

3,230 2 —>

Squares. Feet. Carpenters Work:

*6 06 of framed roofing on front building - a. £.5 1 os. 313 5 7i

1 1,182 of bridged and hoarded gutters - -22d. 108 7

29 of ceding joilt - £• 2. 59 >6 —

24. - - of rooting over theatre - - - £*4* 96 •

of bridged and boarded gutters - -22 d. 33

19 20 of routing over diiVecting rooms - £.2.104. 48

Square Yards. Fret.

-4 _ . of ceiling joilt - -• - £•*• 48

39° of bridged and hoarded gutters - "22d. 35 15

7* run of icanting uprights to doom lights over the theatre 9*4 3^* 10 16 —

5?d of lath and glals 1)°, dome ----- 2s.6d. 72

544 run of Hips to lathes, D® ----- 2 5 13 4

64. rnn of leant!ing fill to D®, dome - - - - *18. 6d. 8

64 run of plate top ot uprights, D° ----- 2s. 6 8 — 1

620 of Iky lights, fafh, and glass over difleding room - - is. 6 d. 77 >o —

12 . _ _ _ of llooring in ditto room - - - ’ jC*4* !5* 57

12 _ 62 of flooring in theatre - - - " - £*4* ,5^* 59 18 ix i

3 . 20 of flooring in passage - * " * " £*3* 105* n 4 —

A2 — _ of framed work in doors to theatre and difleding rooms - 6 s. 12 12 —

350 run of architrave to doors - - - - lod. 14 11 8

31 of framed jamb lining to ditto ----- 64. 9 6 — - -

5 - - 50 of roofing oveT passage - - - - " " "£*3* 10 10 —

4 fafh frames in D° passage - 2

84 of falh and glass, D° - - " " " *"• 10 10 —

— 502 of framed wainfeoting in backs of feats in theatre - - 150 12 —

Carried forward - - £■ 3,23. a —

712

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Append!*, (No. 23.) 27* February,

continued.

Estimate for Building the intended Hall for the Rojal College of Surgeons in Ireland—

Squares. Yards. Feet.

9 28

• 519

62 _ 92

— — 224

58 - " -

— 275 -

— — 120

, — 510

— 4<5i

— — 450

—~ 890

— — 260

37l

— — 450

— — 971

80

— — 125

— QO -

— 834

V~ — 42

— — «34

— — 264

22$

— 377 -

— — 402

— — 90

— 168

— — 280

— — 390

— 66

— — 1065

— 128

— — 406

— 774

— — 54

— — 366

— — 125

— — 1045

25

20

5

462

331

662

1581

615

311

302

310

80

251

160

118

61$

88

200

136

70

20

15

20

50

446

basement

£*-6 s.

55*

26.

10 s

6d, 8 d. 6 d. - £.6,

- £-5

2S

- 3$. 6d,

- 6s. 6d,

16d.

Carpenters Work—continued* * - Brought forward - -

of flooring under feats - - - * " a‘jC*4’

run of deal feat* in d° Theatre - * - " "* 2

1 table for ditto ......

to prelidents feat -

of plank flooring in principal building - * - £.6. 15 a

of bridging between joist ----- $d.

of counterflooring - - - " ~ l5s

of framed shutters to windows r - - - - 6$. 6 d.

run of faddies to quoins ......

run of base moulding ----- 12d.

run of furbafe moulding - - - - " - *2d.

run of architrave to door* - " ~ - - *6d,

of aftragal falh and glass - -3 s. 6 d.

9 fasti frames with circular heads and oak fills - - 28*,

13 square fafh frames with oak fills - - - - 181

4 wyet falh frames -

run of gutter trunks ——

8 scantling door-cases with whole deal doors in flory -

of framed lining to doors -run grounds to architraves -run d° under base and fub-base -

2 pair folding doors in hall -

2 large framed outside doors -

run of circular architrave -

of circular fafh and glass -

of framed doors, &c. -

run of architrave round windows -run of circular foffetts to windows - 12 d.

4 turned columns next (fairs with caps and bases - - £.+,

run of grounds under architraves of window* - - - 8d.

15 banging style door-cases ----- 16$.

of fasti and glass, basement (lory ----- 3*

11 fafh frames in ditto ----- 10*.

to mahogany handrail to portland (lair* -to oak handrail to kitchen (lairs -

Stonecutters Work; of mountain (lone (leps - - a. i8d,

of flagging in basement (lory - 8s.

of champered rusticks in front - 2 s. 6d.

of champered d° inarches - - 3$. 3d.

of plinth course - - - - -» - - 2s, 6d.

of blocking course on top of building - - - - 2 s.

of window (tools ----- - lj d.

of plain facia course ----- 2 s.

of plain afhlars in front -

of plain pedestal -

of large block cornice top of liuildftig -of portland (lone flairs -

of funk plain pannels in front -of mountain (lone flairs to kitchen -runn* of rabbeted joints to ditto -run of coping on wall* -

21 o bond rtones in rusticks and plain aflilars -to letting in 348 iron cramps -

to one portland (tone large Dorick door-case with 4 columns to a large portland Ionick Venetian window, front of building to scaffolding to (lone front -----to 6 chimney pieces - -

to 3 - - ditto -

to 1 column door-case to rear of building -

Plastering Work. of wall plastering in basement (lory -of plain ceilings - - ditto -of rendering between joill -

of coated and floated wall plastering in principal building of coated and floated ceilings in ditto -run of cornice and frieze in meeting-room, run of plain cornice in preparation-room run of plain cornice in committee waiting-rooms, &c. run of cornice and frieze in hall -of wall plastering in dissecting-room of ditto - ditto in theatre -of ceiling - — ditto -

of wall plastering in passage -

of ceiling - - ditto -

run of plain cornice in difleding-room -run of - - ditto - in theatre -

run of - - ditto - in passage -

beading 25 fafh frames -

to plastering the reveals of 25 windows - -

Slating Work. of ton dating on front building of ton dating on roof of theatre -of ton dating on roof over difleaing-room of ditto - on roof over passage -run* of ridge (lone on roof -

Carried forward -

£. s. d.

37 2 4J

51 18 —

3 8 3

5 io~

4*24 H

4 13 4

43 10 —

89 7 6

3-----

25 10 —

23 1 —

30-----

*55 15 — 12 12 — 11 14 — 11-----

26 -

20 —

12 5

15 — 24 5 12 — 10 — 8 —

21 17

4J

29

6

5 — 55 12 — 22 —

16-----

27 16 —

12-----

39 12 — 5 10 —

15-----

10-----

1

150

50

H

21

28

27

6

»3 9

16 —

5 —

12 6

12 6

12 —

26. 106 IO

is. 6d. 9 12 —

\s. 6d. 71 1 —

t s. 6d. 135 9 —

-3*- 82 —

22 d. 33 11 —

6d. 326

16 d. 69 13 4

12 d. 10 10 —

6d. 8 14-

- 120

- 100

• 60

£• 90

£•5. 15

80

8d. 15 8 —

16d. 22 1 4

6d. l6 11 —

18 d. 118 tl 6

26. 6l IO —

4*. 32

12 d. 5 18 —

10 d. 25 15

3 s* 13 4 —

12 d. 15 11 —

12 d. 15 2 —

16d. 20 13 4

12 d. 4

16 d. 1 14 —

16d. 13 6 8

18 d. 10 4 —

19 d. 2 18 4

r. 6d. 326

r. 6d. 476.

£-3- 216 12 —

£-3- 75 9 —

£■3. 60 12 —

£-3. 16 10 —

ltd. 22 6 —

£• 1. d.

3>23° a —

5,561 IS 7

,241 16 7

401 18 2

39* 9 —

7.807 5 4

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

715

Estimate for building the intended Hall for the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland

Brought forward

Cwt. Plumbers Work.

98 £ of sheet lead for gutters, front building ...

2 lead trunk heads 26 - sheet lead for gutters to theatre -19 - sheet lead for gutters to difleding-room Workmanship laying ditto -

- a; 42 s. per

- ‘20 s.

- 4 28. -

42*. -

Smith's Work.

35 of butt hinges for doors 187 pair of hinges -17 locks -

60 pair of pullies -

Weights - - . ‘ -

6 flock locks -6 pair of T hinges 2 pair of large hinges -2 large locks -Iron railing -Iron railing -Lead -349 cramps and dowels 11 fire grates -

for shutts -for doors -for lathes -for sashes -for basement flory for - ditto -

for outside doors for - ditto -for portland flairs for kitchen flairs for running cramps, dec. for (lone work -for rooms

- a.

- 2 s,

10 d. 8 d.

*5 *• . 6<L

- 3*-

6d. 6s. 30 s. 50 s.

8 d.

£■3•

To sinking for foundations of new buildings To painting the wood work

Fat purchase of ground

February 16th 1805. Edwd Parke. j

Add, for Poundage and Pells, at 3 per cent .....

Total Amount of Estimate -

By Order of the College.

2oi 16 —

2-----

54 I. — 39 18 — 30 -

192 648 12 15 —

7 10 —

8 -

11 — 1 16 —

3-----

5-----

40-----

10 ---

20-----

11 12 8

33-----

100 — 110 —

/. Henthom,

Sec*

£. s. d. 7,807 2 4

3*8, 6 —

161 8 6

210 -

8,506 16 10 1,500-----

10,006 16 10 300-----

10,306 16 10

ESTIMATE of the Expence necessary to complete the Repairs of the Parish Church of Saint Andrew, Dublin.

The Amount of Balances due the Tradesmen employed, with the Estimate of what will be further necessary to complete the Church, so that Divine Service may be performed therein -

The Estimate of the Steeple as far up as the Church Cornice only, the lower Floor of which is intended for the VTeftry; the second Floor to contain the back part of the Organ, and the Stairs communicating to the Parish Childrens' gallery The Estimate for continuing up the Tower to the height of 150 feet, and finishing the fame with Pinnacles -And the Estimate for adding thereon a Spire 80 feet high, built of stone .........

Total - - £.

£. s. d. 4,500-----

1,200 — —

2.000 -

1.000 -

8,700-----

Dublin, January 22d 1805.

W Bourne> Vicar. Chrijff Humphreys, ) J. I. AJkenhurJt

Churchwardens,

Francis Johnsion, Architect

ESTIMATE of the Expence of P R A T I Q U E in the Port of Dublin; for One Year, to the 5th of January 1806*

For One Quarter, to Lady-day 1805; viz.

To Sloop Master -

Mate -

8 Seamen, at£. 1. 10*. per month 10 - D® victualled at io<f. per day Wear and Tear of Sloop 3 Wherries -Wear and Tear of D°

To make good Treasury Deductions and Pells

For three Quarters, to 25th December 1806

Total Charge

£ s. d.

12 10 —

7 lo —

36 -

38—5

25-----

97 10 —

37 ~ 7 >7

261 17 785 12

- -

1,047 10

n.

74

Jn‘ Draper,

DepX P. Mailer.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of the BOARD of FIRST FRUITS; for One Year, to the 5 th of January 1806,

An Estimate of the Sum necessary for the Board of First Parishes as no Public Service has been performed in lloufee, on such terms as they ftia.1l think fit:

Fruits, for Building new Churches, and Rebuilding old Churches, in such for twenty years last past, and for the Encouragement of building GleW

For One Year; from the 5th January 1805 to the 5th of January 1806.

Vol. 6©

j£. 5,000 Irish Money.

8 T

Tkot Burgh,

Agent to the Tiufle*-

Append ixj (No. 23.) 27* Febmariii

continued.

- i^> mmmJ

4" Martiii

31* Maiu

Appendix,

(So. 23.)

31° M

continued.

\ __________/

20* Ju

25* Junii.

714

Appendix. 1805.

ESTIMATE of the Expence of Improving the Harbour of II O WT II, near Dublin-.

ESTIMATE of a PIER for Sheltering and Keeping the Packets always afloat; extending from the Shore or Main Land at Huwtii, as far as the Carline Rock, being in length, together with its return, 480 yards.

To 250 running yards of Pier faced with Granite To 230 - ditto - of ditto, done with Rubble Stone

To M ooring Posts, &c. -

To Contingencies -

a. £.63. a. £-30.

»5.750 -

6,900-----

500-----

3,6-2-2-----'

26,722-----

London, May *29th 1805.

Jolm Bennie.

An ESTIMATE of the Sums necessary for the Remuneration of several PUBLIC OFFICERS in Ireland, for their

extraordinary Trouble, in the year 1805*

Stephen Moore, Esquire, Accountant General, for his extraordinary trouble and expence in preparing ami dating the Public Accounts of Ireland, laid before the House of Commons in this Session of Parliament ——

John Smart, Deputy Accountant General, for his extraordinary trouble in preparing the Public Accounts of Ireland for Parliament, for one year, ending the 5th day of January 1805 -

Paul Le Ba$, Examinator of Corn Bounties, for his trouble in keeping the Accounts in the said Office -

Robert Marshall, Esquire, Inspector General of Imports and Exports, for his expence and trouble in preparing the Accounts of the Imports and Exports of Ireland, for Parliament, for one year, ending the 5th day of January 1804 -

Rogers Wetherall, first Clerk in the Office of the Inspector General of Imports and Exports in Ireland, for his extraordinary trouble in preparing Accounts for Parliament -

George Hatton, Esquire, Examinator of Excise, for his extraordinary trouble and expence in preparing Accounts for Parliament ——

Samuel Hood, Assistant Examinator of Excise, for his extraordinary trouble in preparing Accounts for Parliament -

Thomas Haflield, Clerk in the Office of the Auditor of the Exchequer, for his extraordinary trouble in preparing Accounts for Parliament -

£ a

340-----

240-----

200-----

250-----

200-----*

200-----

150-----

200-----

i,78o-----

Henry Parnell.

ESTIMATE of the Sum necessary for the support of the Non-conforming MINISTERS of Ireland, for One year.

In the Synod of Ulster.

63 Ministers, at £. 100. each ...... -

62 - D° - at 75. each

6*2 - L)° - at 50. each ......

Agent, Clerk, and Incidents ......

Total Synod of Ulffer

In the Synod of Munster.

By Old Grant

By sd - D° - _ j . _ _ 4

Total Synod of Munster Non-conforming Minister of the French Church, St. Peter’s, Dublin

Seceders.

By Grant 1783

By a portion of £.5,000. 1792, for 46 Ministers -

Total for Seceders

Dedua exilling Annual Grant by His Majesty, £. 7,700, making, Net

Irish Office, London, 7 June 25, 1805. j

Deficient, Net

£■ j. <1. £ 1. d.

6,300 — —

— —

3,o° — —

475 — —

- - - 14*525

322 11 7

349 19 11

- - - 672 11 t

- - - 20 3

5°°

927 8 5

- - - M*7 8 5

£ *,645 3 3

- - - 7.469 ■

- - - 9. *76 3 3

N. Vanjittart.

45 Geo. III. Appendix.

715

An ACCOUNT of the EXTRAORDINARY EXPENCES of The ARMY, Incurred and Paid by the Right Honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th of Dec. 1803 to the 24th of Dec. 1804; both incluf.ve.

Dates of Payments,

1804. October 23d.

To the Representatives of Elizabeth Pickftone, for Provisions laid up in Store in' the Islands of

G uerniey, Jersey, and Alderney

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Edward Stanley, Esq. Consul at Trieste, for the Relief of Emigrants r__________

To i)°, drawn by Lieut. Colonel Donald Mc Donald, Commander at Tobago, for the 4

Salary of his Secretary ...... 136176

To D°, drawn by Alexander Cormack, Deputy CommilTary at Newfoundland, for Provisions and Stores furnished the Garrison To I) , drawn by Lieut. Colonel James Fahy, Lieut. Governor of Alderney, for Signals,

Flag, Start, and other Military Expences ......

i( drawn by Lieut. General Adam Gordon, Lieut. Governor of Jersey, for ltence of Jersey Troops, Ordnance Works, Hire of Vessels, <N:c.

201 18 —

319 14 9

12,968 7 —

5,833 16 —

To 1V\

Subli

To D°, drawn by Major General J. Doyle, Commandant at Guernsey, for Public

Services and Contingencies ......

T° drawn by John llalket, Esq. Governor of the Bahamas, for Provisions, Hire of Armed \Te(Vels, Service of the Ordnance, &c. ——

To D*, drawn by the Honourable William Wyndham, Envoy at Florence, for the

Service of the Emigrants ......

To D°, drawn by Haviiand Le Mefurier, Esq. Commissary General in the Mediterranean, for the Service of the Army there - -

To D , drawn by Edward Corbet, Esq. Agent for the Affairs of St. Domingo, for Pav of himself and the Persons employed in his Department -To D°, drawn by Samuel Dent, Esq. President of Grenada, for Contingencies -To D°, drawn by Alexander Sloane, Esq. Consul at Home, for the Service of the Emigrants -

To D°, drawn by Major General John Defpard, President of Cape Breton, for the Hire of a Vessel, Secretary’s Salary, and Stationary -

To D°, drawrr by Major General George Nu.ent, Lieutenant Governor of Jamaica, for Allowance for barracks, Start’, and other Military Expences -To D°, drawn by Lo.d Lavington, Lieut. Governor of the Leewaid Islands, for the Hire of a Schooner, Secretary’s Salary, and Stationary -To D°, drawn by Sir John W entworth, Bart, Lieut. Governor of Nova Scotia, for Expences under the American Treaty, and Allowance to Mr. de Anieville To D°, drawn by Edmund Fanning, Esq. Lieut. Governor of Prince Law ‘id’s Irtand, for Contingencies -

To D°, drawn by Lord Seaforth, Governor of Barbadoes, for Secretary’s Salary,

Stationary, and Hire of a Vessel ——

To D°, drawn by \V. W. Bentinck, Esq.' Governor of St. Vincent, for Secretary’s Salary, and Stationary ——

To D°, drawn by I-ord Robert Stephen Fitzgerald, Minister at Lisbon, for the Service

of the Emigrants - -- -- -- - 1,606

To D#, drawn 11^ John Leach Panter, Esq. Secretary to the W’eft India Commission of Enquiry, for the Expences of the Commission ——

To D°, drawn by Henry Tucker, Esq. President of Bermuda, for the Military Expenditure of that Colony ——

To D°, drawn by Sir Thomas Trigge, K. B. Governor of Gibraltar, for the purchase of

G round for a new Bakery, &c. - - -- -- 1,961 19

To D°, drawn by Colonel Thomas Barrow, Superintendunt at Honduras, for Salaries of himself and Secretary, and Contingencies -

To 1)\ drawn by Hugh Elliot, Esq. Minister at Naples, for the Service of the Emigrants ——

To D°, drawn by Philip Van Cortland, Deputy Commissary at Newfoundland, for Repairs of the Government House, and the Purchase of Stores ——

To D% drawn by H. Johnson, Lieut. Governor of Tobago, for Pay of his private Secretary ——

To D’, drawn by Brigadier General James Montgomerie, Commandant at Tobago, for Pay of his private Secretary, and for Stationary - - - . - -

To D°, drawn by H. M. Dyer, Esq. President at the Bahamas, for Provisions, Hire of Armed Vessels, and Expences in the Engineer Department -To D°, drawn by Abraham Charles Adye, Esq. President at Grenada, for his Secretary’s Salary, and for Stationary -

To D°, drawn by Valentine Jones, Commissary General in the Windward and Leeward Islands, lor Provisions, &c. ——

To D% drawn by James Stevenson Barns, Lieut. Governor of Tobago, for Pay of his Secretary ——

To D°, drawn by Charles Stewart, Esq. Minister at Vienna, for the Sendee of Emigrants ——

To C*, drawn by Thomas Forth Winter, Esq. Commissary at Newfoundland, for Repairs of the Government House, &c. -

To Du, drawn by Thomas Durell, Esq. Deputy Commissary on the Continent, for the Pay of Dutch Officers "

To D°, drawn by Sir George Rumbold, Bart. His Majesty’s Minister to the Circle of Lower Saxony, for D* ——

To D°, drawn by J. Snntag, Colonel in the Army, for D# -

To D\ drawn by the Prince of Bouillon, Commandant at Jersey, for the Relief of the

Emigrants - - ’ ‘ ~ ’

To D°, drawn by Thomas Hiftiop, Esq. Lieut. Governor of Trinidad, for the Pureliale

of a Vessel - ...... " " ’ ‘ '

To D°, drawn by George Burgman, Esq. Deputy Commissary General in the Mediterranean, for Expences of the Army there ...... * ’

To D#, drawn by George Miffet, Esq. British Refulent in Egypt, for the Expences of the Million . * ’ " m " c "

To D", drawn by Sir Erasmus Gower, Commander in Chief at Newfoundland, for

Salaries to the Officers on the Civil Establishment of that Island - * *

To D®, drawn by Brigadier General J. W. Skcrret, -Commandant at D°, for Purchase and Outfit of a Schooner - ......

Carried forward -

10,796 7 5

3,400 •

20,000 ■

1,845

422 19 8

532 13 2

L307 19 —

80,648 12 10

i,749 — —

279 7 11

450 — —

209 17 10

256 — —

1,606 4 10

1L375 — —

8,913 15 8

1,961 19 6

1,279 19 10

4,000 — —

672 1 3

7 51 16 8

3,^33 16 —

101 — —

200 — —

3 10 —

30813 —

143 5 9

6,460 — —

4,660 18 —

7,77 15 —

4,900 — —

L447 11 6

57,65* 3 11

1,600 — —

L549 16 5

780 — —

- - £-

t.

I.

i,332 4 5

i,332 4 5

Appendix,

(No. 24.)

15° Februarii.

1-----,-----1

716

Appendix

A. 1805.

Appendix, (No. 24.) 15* Februarii,

continued.

Account of the Extraordinary Expences of the Army—

Dates of

Payments.

1804.. October 23d.

1803. December 30th.

1804. January 17th.

February *27th.

March ill. 13^-

18th. June 7th. 21ft. 59th. July -2d. 3d. 4th. 16th. 19th. 26th. August 8th.

17 th.

September 8th.

10th. 20th. October 5th. 6th. 17 th.

31ft-

November 23d. December 22d.

1803. December 30th.

~ 1804.

January i©th.

12th.

19th.

2oth.

February 1ft. 2d.

Brought forward -

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Captain William Murray, Commandant at Goree, for the Value of a Schooner and two Six-Pounders - "

To D° drawn by John Glasfurd, Esq. Acting Commissary General in the Windward and Leeward Jilands, for Provisions, Stores, and other extraordinary Expences of the Forces there ...... it

£•>55 —

6 5

To D", drawn by Sir Thomas Trigge, Governor of Gibraltar, for sundry Special Contingent Services

of that Garrison - - " * " " . " " ,

To D°, drawn by the Deputy Paymaster at the Cape of Good Hope, for the Contingent and Extraordinary Expences of the Army in that Colony - - - " " " *.

To D°, drawn by the Acting Deputy Paymaster in the Province of New Brunswick, for Extraordinary Expences in that Province - - " " "

On Account of the Extraordinary Expences of the Army in Canada, from 25th March to 24th December

1804 - - - " "

On Account of D°, of the Anny in Nova Scotia, from 25th June to 24th December 1804 For the accommodation at the Captain's Table of sundry Officers of Regiments ierving in the East Indies, during their voyage to that Country

To the Duke of Kent, for Extra Contingent Expences of the Regiments in the Garrison of Gibraltar, . from id January to 30th June 1802 - -• " " " - ~ j£* 4& * —

To D°, for Extra Expences which attended his Equipment, when proceeding to take

the command of the Troops in North America - - 2,000 — —

To the Representatives of Dr. George Young, for sundry Surcharges on his Account, as Surgeon to the Hospitals in St. Vincent, from 29 September 1777 to 24 June 1779 - - 385 13 3

To Lieut. Col. W. M. Harvey, for bringing Dispatches containing intelligence of the

Surrender of Demerara, Esiquibo, and Berbice ----- 500--

To M. G. Churchill, for the Expences of his passage from Jamaica to England - - 155 6 —

To Lieut. J. Archibald, of the 52d Foot, for cure of a Wound received in Action in

Holland ...... - - 5* *2 6

To Lieut. Ja‘ Grant, of the lft Battalion of 9th Foot, for D° received in D° - - 66 3 —

To J. Carnegie, Esq. late Lieut. Col. of the 1 ith Dragoons, for Money advanced by him

while fervingonthe Continent, to lublift British exchanged Prisoners of War - - *>3 3 —

To C. Duff, Esq. for a Balance due to him for carrying Money, by order of the Earl of

Elgin, from Vienna to Buccareli, for the use of the British Army in Egypt - - 2,154 *5 —

For the purchase, &c. of a quantity of new Dubbloons, delivered to Major Richard

Lloyd, of the African Corps, fur the use of the Garrison of Goree - 1,500--

To the Representatives of General O'Hara, for the Extra Contingent Expences of the

Regiments of Foot at Gibraltar, from lit of July to 31ft December 1798 - - 22 13 3

To Messrs. P. and H. Le Mefurier, for Expences incurred by them in making preparations

for packing Arms, which they were commissioned to purchase on the Continent - 505 6 —

To Captain Vaniittart, of the Ship Fortunee, for conveying Sir Cha8 Green, Major

General in the Army, and Brigadier General Hughes, with their Suites, to Barbadoes 155 6 —

To Lieut. Colonel Nicholson, for bringing Dispatches from l^ord Wellesley, announcing

the successful Termination of the War iti India against the ’Mahrattas - 505 6 —

To Major General Walpole, for his Extra Expences in preparing to take the HField in

the Campaign against the Maroons in Jamaica, in 1795 ----- 600--

To Mr. F. Saftres, to be paid over to D'Guetano de Lugo, for a Cargo of Coals furnished

for the Troops at Toulon, in 1793 - -- -- 145 18 —

To T. P. Courtenay, Esq. for Stationary delivered out of the Stationary Office, for the use of the Military Department in Canada ----- 531 17 4

To Wm Merry, Esq. for His Majesty's proportion of 1,055 Chaldrons of Coals delivered at Gibraltar, between the 2d December 1803 and ill April 1804, for the use of the.

Garrison ----- 1,635 5 —

To D°, for additional Duties, Freight, and Insurance, on D° Coals - 3,349 9 7

To Captain T. Power, of the 55th Foot, for the Expence attending the cure of a Wound

received in Action, in Holland - - - - 22 1 —

To T. P. Courtenay, Esq. to enable him to discharge such Demands as may be made

upon him as Agent for the Island of Ceylon ...... 1,000--

To Captain T. B. Campbell, for bringing Dispatches from Sir Chas Green, containing

the intelligence of the Surrender of Surinam ----- 505 6 —

To Lieut. General Wra Myers, for Equipage Money, on his appointment as Lieut.

General and Commander of the Forces in the Windward and Leeward Island* - 1,000--

To Joseph F. W. Des Barres, late Lieutenant Governor of Cape Breton, for the Amount of sundry Charges in his Account, now allowed, with Interest thereon - 3,193 *5 4

To G. Ramus, Esq, to reimburse the like sum paid by him to James Graham, for

Expences incurred in his Journey from Vienna to this Country on a Military Million 205 6 —

To J. F. W. Des Barres, Esq. Lieutenant Governor of Prince Edward's Island, for the

Expences of his Voyage from this Country to the said Island ' 205 6 —

To Mr. T. P. Courtenay, to enable him to discharge such Demands as may be made upon

him as Agent for the Settlement of Ceylon ----- 1,000-----

To Messrs. Parker and Co. for 150 bushels of Roman Cement, shipped by them for the

Island of Goree, for the use of the Garrison - - - 43 —. —

To Major General John Stuart, to reimburse the like Sum paid for the Passage of himself

and Suite in 1803, from Palermo to Gibraltar ----- 203 5 —

To the Commissioners of the Navy, for a quantity of Naval Stores supplied by the Naval Storekeeper at Halifax to the Brig Earl of Moira, in the Service of the Government of Nova Scotia, in 1801 - - - -- -- 4g0 3 10

To Aittjor General Brownrigg, for 74 days additional Pay, as Quarter Mailer General, to 24th June 1803 ——

To Mr. A. M. Brown, for 150 days Pay as late Barrack Master General of St. Vincent, to 13th December 1803 ——

For the Pay of sundry Officers of the Hospitals, for periods in 1801 and 1803 -

lo Mr. Fofter Hutchinson, for one years Pay, as Aflillant Cominiflury in North

America, to 29th October 1803 ......

To Isaac 11 . rinling, for Pay, as Major of Brigade, from 25th December 1801 to 24th May 1802, and from 25th June to 24th December 1802 ——

o . Keate, Ltq. for 182 days additional Pay, as Surgeon General, to 24th June 1803 °xr ,ener‘ll Cttrletou, ffii* one year’s Allowance, as Governor of the Province of New L run 1 wick, to 24 th December 1802 -

Carried forward -

4 10

45 15

54 18 8

2/3 15 —

158 3 10

258 12 —

500 — —

- -

I. d.

1,332 4 5

762,245 4

25,3^8 13 9

1,000 — —

5,905-----

52,000-----

17,500 — —

4,590-----

22,244 19

892,146 2 1

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

717

Account of the Extraordinary Expences of the Army—continued.

Dates of Payments.

1804. February 18 th.

2 2d.

March 13th. fioth. April 6th.

May 5th. 18th. 19th. 23d. June lit. 13th. *oih.

22(3.

July 2d.

• 5*.

9 th. €Oth.

42th.

19 th 21ft. 25th. 31ft. August iff. 13th. 20th. 28th. SSth.

September 4th.

6 th.

8 th.

Qclober gtb.

nth. 15 th’. 2*d.

Vol. 60.

Brought forward -

To Captiiin II. Maxwell, for 90 days Pay, as Major of Brigade in Great Britain, to 24th March 1800

To Mr. Richard Lewis, for 60 days D°, as Apothecary to the Forces, to 24th March 1804 - - _ -

To Cupt. M. R. Montalembert, for 152 days Pay, as Assistant Quarter Mailer General

to llie Forces in the Mediterranean, to 24th October 1801 -

To the Reverend T. Maurice, for 365 days Pay, as Chaplain of the Garrison of Trinco-malee, to 24th December 1803 - - ,

To the Earl of Harrington, to complete the Pay of the second Major of the ill Life Guards, from loth September 1799 to 24th December 1803 ....

To Lord C'atbeart, to complete D°, of the 2d Regiment of D°, from D° to D° -To complete the Allowances to several Captains of the Royal Garrison Battalions, for

1803 - ......

To \\* llnfbillbn, Esq. to be paid over to the Officers of the Ceylon Regiment now in England, for Pay due previous to the Regiment being placed upon the Establishment To Mr. A. M. Brown, for 142 days Pay, as late Barrack Mailer of St. Vincent, to id May 1804 ...... ...

To Mr. G.Slemaker, Clerk to the Commissioners for investigating the Extra Expences of the Army in the West Indies, for Pay to 18th July 1804, and lundry Expences -l’o Edward Corbett, Esq. for Pay and Allowances due to him in the capacity of British Agent to St. Domingo, from 30th November 1803 to 26th January 1804 To Captain Ilandalyde, lor 3(16 days Pay, as Deputy Judge Advocate to the Forces in India, to the 30th April 1804 To Mr. G. V. Edwards, Clerk to the Commissioners for investigating the Extra Ex-prnces of the Army in the West Indies, for Pay and Expences to 18th April 1804 -To bir \Ym Fawcett, for 183 days Pay, and additional Pay as Adjutant General, to 24 th December 1803 To .\1. G. Calvert, for 183 days additional Pay, as Adjutant General, to D°

To Major General Brownrigg, lor 183 days additional Pay, as Quarter Master General

toD« ......

To Major General George Benson, for 183 days Pay, as Major General at Home, with One Aid deCamp, to 24th December 1802 -

To Lieut. General Henry E. Fox, to complete his Pay, as Lieutenant Governor of Minorca, for 468 days, to D° - For the Pay of several Staff and Hospital Officers, for various Periods in 1802 and

To Lieut. Colonel D. Pattison, for 365 days Extra Allowance, as Assistant Quarter Master General, to 24th December 1803 - - - * -

To Mr. Robert White, for Half a Year's Allowance for his Services, as late Agent for the Honduras District, to lft April 1804 -

To Lieut. General Caileton, for Half a Year’s Allowance, as Governor of the Province of New Brunswick, to 24th June 1803 -

To Sir C. Holloway, for Half a Year’s Allowance to 5th January 1804, for his Services on a special Million to Egypt -

To Major Robert Hope, for Half a Year’s D° to D°, for his Services on D° Million -To Colonel Samuel Moo^e, for Half a Year’s D° to 24th September 1803 for long Services, particularly during the Siege of Gibraltar -

To Englifti Sandiford, Esq. for 352 days Pay, as Assistant Commissary in the West Indies, to 1 ith September 1803 ——

To Sir L. Pcpys, for 365 days additional Pay, as Physician General, to 24th December 1803 ......

To T. Keate, Esq. for 183 days additional D°, as Surgeon General, to D°

To F. Knight, Esq. for 183 days additional D°, as Inspector General of Hospitals, to

D° ......

To D° for 136 days Pay, as Comptroller of Accounts of Army Hospitals, to D°

To Edw. Ja* O'Brien, Esq. for 160 days Pay, as Major of Brigade in Lower Canada, to -jd June 1802 ——

To Air. John O’Farrell, for 640 days Pay as Surgeon at Surinam, to 24th September 1804 -

To lundry Persons for Half Pay, for their Services on the Rivers and Lakes in Canada, for various Periods ——

To Count de Meuron, for Three Quarters Subsidy to 25th March 1804, for continuing his Corps in I lis MajeriCs Service -

To Mr. .1. B. Clarke, for 366 days Pay, as Assistant Commiftary at Cape Breton, to ill April 1804 ——

To Mr. Thos Young, for 183 days Pay, as Inspector of Hospitals, to 24th December

1803 ......

For the Pay of several General and Stall Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, serving with the Forces at Home, to 24th December 1803 -

To Mell’rs. Bernard and Ernohlbank, to complete the Allowance to the Captains of the

Royal Garrison Battalions, to 24th June 1S04 -

To Lieut. Colonel Sam1 Moore, late of 56th Foot, for Half a Year’s Allowance to 24th March 1804, for his long Services -

To Dan1 Frater, late Captain in the Queen’s American Rangers, for One Year and Half

Allowance, to 30th June 1804, for his long Sei vices........-

For Mr. G. V. Ldwardes, on Account of Ins Pay, to 25th December 1804, as First Clerk to the Commissioners appointed for investigating the Accounts of the Army in the West Indies - - " - " *. "

Td English Sandiford, Ffq. for 352 days Pay, as Assistant Commiftary in the West Indies, to nth September 1803 ——

To M. Petrie, Kftt. for 306 days additional Pay, as Commiftary of Accounts to the Army lately serving in Portugal and Corlica, to 24th June 1804 -To Mr. Mrra Stafford, for the Difference between his Half Pay and Full Pay, as Surgeon to the Garrison of Cape Breton, from 25th September 1802 to lft January 1804 - For the Pay of certain Commissioned and Warrant Officers, attached to the lft Regiment of Foot Guards, but not borne on the Effabliftiment, from 25th December 1801 to 24th December 1802 -

For D° of certain D° of the Coldstream D*, from D , to D° - - - " . "

For the Pay of several Staff Officers and Officers of the Hospitals, for various Periods For 365 days Pay of sundry Stiff Officers in America, to 24th December 1803

£• 892,14(1.

d.

x

Appendix* (No. 24,) 15° Februarii,

continued.

£. 42 12 6

38 1 8 4 1

71 19 10

"5 5

I48 6 9

I48 6 9

530

2,000 — —

43 7 —

241 16 —

290 6 —

— —

196 6 —

866 H 10

483 7 5

433 7 5

433 7 5

443 <5 3

1,265 5 11

86 8 9

75 — —

250 —

215

125

6 —

75-----

250 1 6

518

260

12

260 — 257 *3

6

5

5

1

75 15 7 303 2 6 232 13

2,250-----

274 10 — 520 — 11 - 26,498 16 1

410-----

75 —

60-----

170 16 176 — —

73*-----

106 13 3

To M. Petrie, Esq. for

}66 days Pay, as Commiftary of Accounts to the Forces lately

655

433

475

l>°37

2

4 10

5

serving m Portugal and Corlica, to 24th June 1804

8 U

693 8 —

Carried forward

£. 892,14$ 8

718

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(Xo. 24.) -

1 <C Februarii, J)ates f

D > Payments.

Account of the Extraordinary Exponas of the Aron■—continued.

continued.

1-----

1804.

October 25th.

26 th. November 2d.

5th. 7 th. 27111.

December Dili.

14th. 1 lSth. 24th.

January 18 th.

June 27th. August 31ft.

1803. December 30th.

31ft.

1804. January 3d.

1-2 til.

31ft.

March 13th.

15 Hi. June 15th. - 18 th.

July 4th.

24th.

August 4th'.

October 27th. November jft.

Brought forward -

To Mr. A. Ilobertfon, for 122 days Pay, as Deputy InTj^etflor of Hofjutuls in Jamaica

to 24th December 1803 - - " " " 7 c~

To Mr. A. M. Brown, for 160 days Pay, as late Barrack Mailer General oi St. Y m-

cent, to 10th October 1804 - - " " " . " " " . '

To Lnlign James llamill, for 365 days Pay, as Town Major in the Illaml of Alderney,

to 24th December 1790 - ......

To D\ for 30*3 days I)°, as 1)°, to 24th December 1800 ——

ToC. Lind, Esq. for 214 days Pay, as Aihitant Inspector of llolpituls at Ilomc, to

24th December 1803 ...... " " " T __ " ,

To K. Home, Esq. for 365 days Pay, as Surgeon to the forces, to 24th December

For^the Pay of sundry Medical OlTicers ordered on Foreign Service, to various Periods For the Pay of Mr. M. Melvin, as late Second Lieutenant on the Rivers and Lakes in

Canada, for sundry Periods ......

To Mr. A. Bond, for a Continuation of his Pay as Surgeon to the Forces lately employed at Toulon, for 474 days, to 10th April 1795 To Mr. Bolton, for Pay as Inipedor and Deputy Inspector of Hospitals, from 25th August 1804 to 24th January 1805 - - - - " ’

To Mr. ltob1 Sewell, for 309 days Pay as AlTiltant Adjutant General at Malta, to 23U1 October 1804 ...... " ......

173 6 11

48 *5 —

69 3

69 3 —

202 H 3

172 17 6

38* 18 9

22 6 —

224 10 —

148 19 2

219 10 8

i to prov idc the several Articles for the Use of the Forces that are to he supplied from his Departing To John Trotter, Esq. for providing llospital Tents, Bedding, Purveyors Stoies, Utensils, Ac. for the Use of the Forces ——

For Bat, lkigiiage, and Forage, for sundry Corps of Regulars and Militia, and Forage to several General and StallOiiicers, and Officers of the ilospitals attending the Forces -

To a Bill of Exchange, drawn by the Royal Rank of Scotland, for the Exchange on the Difference between the Amount of Bills in favour of the Receiver General in Scotland anti the Amount of Bills drawn for the Troops in Scotland in 1803, and for an Allowance to the Bank for providing Specie for the Troops - -- - * L9J7 1 1

To \Ym Fcttes, Esq. for Oatmeal, Ac. furnillied to the several Garrisons in North

Britain, from 25th December 1802 to 24th December 1803 - 1,073 *9 10

To John Geddes, Esq. for so much expended by him for the Use of the Forces in North

Britain, in the year 1803 - -- -- - 3,618 12 10

For sundry Articles of Cloathing, Accoutrements, and Neccfiaries, furnillied for the Use of the Forces, and to Supernumeraiy Men, and Augmentations to divers Corps - - - - / -

To make good the Deficiencies on the Assignments of Oil-reckonings of sundry Corps that were reduced or disbanded at various Periods ——

For Great Coats supplied to lundry Corps ——

For lundry Articles of Clothing, Accoutrements, Swords, Ac. furnillied for the Army of Relerve

To Captain Edward Darvall, of the 9th Dragoons, for the Loss of a Charger Ihot for the Glanders -

To Lieut. General Fanning, for the Loss he sustained by certain Military Works constru&ed upon Part of his Lands, for the Defence of the Harbour of Halifax

To Lieut. Ed\vd Irwin, of the 35th Regiment of Foot, for Loss of Baggage in Holland To Enlign Js McCrohan, of the 30th Foot, for D° by Shipwreck, on the Railage from Portugal -

To C General Fletcher, for replacing sundry Articles of Accoutrement® of the 35th Foot, loft on Service in Gnaduloupe in 1704 -

To M rs. J. Lewis, W idow, for the Loss of Baggage sustained by her late Hulhand, a Lieutenant of Marines, at the Evacuation of St. Lucia - -

1 o Lieut. T. M. Perrin, of the 90th Foot, for D° by the Capture of the Diamond Transport ——

To Lieut. A. Cameron, of the 27th Foot, for D° on the Passage from St. Kitts -'lo Lieut. Colonel R. Dupuis, of the 2nd Dragoon G

uards, for Loss of a lirlt Charger, on the Pali age to

Dupui

which was Ihot for the Glanders 1 o Lieut. W. Holmes, of the 69th Foot, for Loss of Baggage,

Jamaica

I o Lieut. Colonel Duncan Campbell, of the 2d Battalion of lft Foot, for Loss of a first Charger, which died in the Pa lib ge to Ferrol -

In Lieutenant R. Duncan of the Rille Corps, for Loss of Baggage, by the Wreck of a IVani port on the Passage from Malta -

1 o Captain A. Northev, of the 29th Foot, for I)0, on the Passage to Guernsey -l o Captain F. Skelly Tidy, of the 2nd Battalion of ill Foot, for D°, in Guadaloupe lo Vlr. J. A. Chaumlry, for D°, at the Evacuation of Toulon, when a Lieutenant ill the 60 th Foot ——

io Major General Rirhd R. Wilford, for replacing sundry Articles of Accoutrements of the late Regiment of York Huliars, loft at St. Domingo -To Lieutenant J. Brown, of the 2d Battalion of 27th Foot, for Loss of Baggage, by lwamping of a Boat at Spithead - - - "

lo Captain \V. Franklin, lor Loss of Baggage, Arrears of Pay, Ac. while emplosed under Brigadier (General Koehler, on a Military Million in Euypt - - * -

lo Brigade Major Rob1 Feud, for D°, while.employed under D° -Jo Mr. John Read, for D°, while employed under D° -

To \Vm Martin Leake, Esq; lor Loss of Baggage, Arrears of Pay, and Allowances, Ac. due to him when employed under the late Brigadier General Koehler, on u Military Million to Egypt ——

To Love Albert Parry, Esq. late Lieut. Colonel of the 81 ft Foot, for providing Extra Nee el Caries for the Use of a Detachment of the said Regiment, loft by the WYeck of His Majesty's Ship Determine Til ;.lr. Till)* Maxwell, late A (Tift ant Cotnmifl'ary at the Cape of Good Hope for I/'Ufs when captured by the French, and Six Months l'av to defray his ExpJnwi 01 returning to this Country - - - - _ 1

’r° Lieu<- ti‘n!fr'11 Owvn, for replacing Sword? belonj-ing to the 25th Recirmnt of Dra-gouns, 'vi, tell weie broken or rendered uulcrviceatde 111 various Actions in the Eatt iiioies

Carried forward

3^ 11 —

505 6 —

21 1 —

31 1 —

786 9 —

65 6 —

63 3 "

46 1 —

43 6 —

63 3 —

32 11 —

41 11 r—

16 1

63 3 —

63 3 —

b°33 12 —

3i 1 —

34 S 17 —

373 13 —

3^7 1 —

675 6 —

44 0 —

216 10 —

416 13 6

£• *• d.

892,146 2 i

48,668 17 j 225,000 — 276,204 15 7 117>°8i 12 i

6,629 *3 9

4L35° H 5 69,496 17 1

5p, SiO 10 2

38>7*8 3 4

c

7.300 18 6 ,782,508 4 1

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

719

Account of the Extraordinary Exocnces of the Army—continued.

Dales of

Pu\ meM&.

1 804. September 17 th.

January 20th.

March 13th.

September 2gd. May 2bill

June 15TI1

October 20th

December Cth.

January 19 th O do her 12 th

Brought.for ward ——

To Mr. la \\ indow, to enable him to make fitch Payments for Hospitals, &c. as may be directed by the Secretary at War - - - _ - _

To G. Gamier, Esq. Apothecary General, for Medicines, &c. delivered for the Use of the Forces in 1802 - - ......

or I welve Months Contingent E.xpences of the Commander in Chief’s Office, to Michaelmas 1804, on Account

For '1 waive Months Contingent Expences of the Adjutant General’s Office, to Michaelmas 1804, upon Account ——

To C’oloni I II. Calvert, to complete the Contingent Expences of the Adjutant General’s Office, born ‘25th June 1S00 to 24th June 1802 -

To Colonel \\ vnvard, for his Contingent Expences as Deputy Adjutant General, from 251I1 December 1801 to 24th June 1802 -

To D°, for his D J, as D', from 25th June to 24th December 1802 -

1,000-----

D074 4 7

78 3 -78 3 —

1803. December 29th.

1804.

February 2d. lOtil.

June 2d. 7th. 11 til. 25th.

To Mefihs. Greenwood and Co. on Account of Pay of the Aflittant Quarter Matters

General, from Christmas 1S03 to Lady Day 1S04 ----- £45 — —

To Lieut. Col. \V. Eden, for 31 days Pay, as Aflittant Quarter Matter General, to 24th

June 1802 - - - - 22 — 6

To Major General Brownrigg, for the Balance of his Extra Expences of himself, the Officers of his Department as Quarter Matter General, and the Aflittant Quarter M atters General in the several Military Dillrids, from 25th June to 24th December 1803 ...... ' ...... 1,857 I. 5

To D°, on Account of the Contingent Expences of the Quarter Matter General’s

Office, from 25th December 1803 to 24th December 1804 ----- 480-----

To Meilrs. Greenwood and Co. on Account of Pay of the Aflittant Quarter Matters

Gemu al, from D° to D® - - - 2,580-----

To Lieut. Colonel J. Duncan, late Aflittant Quarter Matter General, for Travelling

Expences in 1798 - - - 58 12

To Colonel A. Hope, for his Contingent Expences as Deputy Quarter Matter General

in South Britain, from 25th December 1802 to 24th June 1803 - - - - 78 3 —

To sundry General Officers, &c. for the Extra Expences of themselves, and other Officers under their C’< min mud, for House Rent, Forage, Arc. -

For Eleven Months Contingent Allowances to the Field Officers and Captains of the Foot Guards, to 24th December 1804 ——

For Levy Money of sundry Augmentations to the several Regiments of Foot Guards -

To \Vin Gorton, Esq. for providing a Table for the Officers of the Life and Loot Guards, on Duty at St. James's, cSrc. from 25th March 1803 to 24th March 1804 -

To Mr. Dow 11s, lor advertising Deserters in the Hue and Cry Police Gazette, from 23d July 1803 to 23d June 1804 -

To Messrs. Eyre and Stralmn, for Paper, Printing, folding, and covering several Acts of Parliament for the lie of the Army ——

August itt. 10th. 23 d.

September 13th. October Joth.

20th

December 24th.

To Wm Pollock, Esq. to pay the Expence of creating B. Watson, Esq. a Baronet of Great Britain To the Representatives ol John Walter, for Stationary Expences of Advertisements -

To Colonel Yorke, for the Half Yearly Allowance, to 24th June 1803, in lieu of Emoluments to the Deputy Lieut, and other Officers of the Tower -

To Mr. T Rice, Surveyor of the Guards, lor Work done in Repairs of the Ilorfe and Foot Guards, for the \ car 1802 ——

To Mr. Mode, for Printing and other Charges attending the Publication of the Lists of the Militia for

1803 ...... - - _ * -

To Mr. T. Rice, Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done in Repairs of the Foot Guards Rooms, &c. in 1802 -

To L. M ode, Esq. for his Expence and Trouble in carry in 7 on for oue Year to Midsummer 1804, a progressive Lilt of the Commissions of all the O/ficers in the Army -

To (’aptain Gha* '1 urner, of the African Corps, in Reimbursement of the Expences incurred by him vvbjjft employed by Special Order on Public Service -

To Meiirs W. D. Adams and G. Welsford, being the Amount of their Commission on the Supplies of Bread delivered to the Troops in the Year 1800 -

To Colonel Yorke, for the Half Year’s Allowance to the Deputy Lieut, and sundry other Officers of the ’lower of London, to 24th December 1803 -

To Sir C. Morgan, to complete the Amount of Monies paid by him to Witnesses summoned to attend a Board of General Officers, appointed to invelligate Abuses alledged to have been committed at the Recruiting Depot in Ireland -

To the Reverend Ju9 llodgfon, for one Year’s Rent of the Ministers House in the Savoy, hired for the Lie of the Forces to 24th December 1803 -

To Col. A. Hope, for the Allowance in lieu of Emoluments, from 25th December 1801 to 24th December iSoi, as Lieut. Govenor of Edinburgh Cattle -

To Mr. T. Rice, Surveyor of the Guards, towards the Expences of the Buildings in the Ilorfe Guards For the Extra Allowance to the Troops 011 Account of the high Price of Bread and Meat

£, s. d.

1,782,508 4 i

50,000 -----*

30,000 -

4,000 -

Appendix, (No. 24.)

15* Februarii,

continued.

"N/r*

2,230 IO 7

* Dediutt —

The Sum granted to His Majesty in the last Session of Parliament, towards defraying the Extraordinary Expouccs of the Army for the Year 1S04 - -

Remains to be provided for - - - £-

5,721 7 11 7>4*9 13 3

12,202 — 10

13>9S6-----

9,291 16 6 1,003 11 5

714 15 8

4S6 11 4

D557 2

212 4 —■

5.3*9 9 * 314 10 — 1,940 8 l

103 3 —

105 6 —

5^93 ~ 5 212 4 —

985 1 11

42 2-

204 4 —

2,6oo — — 12I,86o ^-----

2,060,803 15 3

1,400,000-----

660,803 >5 3

I V.y P v * * Horse Guards,

i I-. 1 \ U’!. ' 1 805. j

DJ Thomas,

Accountant.

720

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 25.)

15* Febrtiarii. __________

An ACCOUNT of the Distribution of the Money granted by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for enabling His Maieiiv to raise the Sum of £. 2,500,000; for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned. J

To the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces; as per Account of Particulars presented

herewith - - - - (A.) -

To the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy; as per Account of Particulars presented herewith - (B.) -To Joseph Alcock, Esq. towards enabling Lira to defray sundry Sums awarded by the Commissioners under the 7th Article of the Treaty with America, to be paid by the British Government To George Baron de Silverhjelin, being the value of the Swedish Ships and Cargoes detained in the Second Convoy, and sold by the Captors at the end of the lait War - -

To Bernard Peter Van Lelyveld, Esq. for Allowances to Dutch Naval Officers, late in His Majestys Service, from 31ft December 1803 to 31ft December 1804

£■ *.

1.500.000 -

931.349 — 6 4.1/3 11 11 6*,526 8 1 1,950 19 6

2.500.000 -

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 15th February 1805. }

W. HuJkiJ£on.

(A.) - - - Appropriated to the Army.

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Major General J. Doyle, Commandant at Guernsey, for Public Services and Contingencies ——

To D° - - drawn by John Halket, Esq. Governor of the Bahamas, for Provisions, Hire of Armed Vessels, Service of the Ordnance, &c. ——

To D° - - drawn by Brigadier General George Prevost, Lieutenant Governor of St. Lucia, for Contingencies - - - - _ -

To D* - - drawn by Major General George Nugent, Lieut. Governor of Jamaica, for Allowance for Barraeks, Pay of Staff, and other Military Expences ——

To D* - - drawn by John Frafer, Commandant at Goree, for sundries supplied the Garrison, Arc.

To D° - - drawn by the Honourable Frederick North, Governor of Ceylon, for Public Services -

ToD* - - drawn by Sir Alexander J. Ball, Bart. Governor of Malta, for the purchase of Corn,

and other Public Services in that Bland -

To D* - - drawn by George Burgman, Esq. Deputy Commissary General in the Mediterranean, for the Extra Expences of the Army there -

To D* - - drawn by John Rutherford, Esq. Surveyor General at Trinidad, for Supplies to the

Settlers, and for Surveys ——

To Bills of Exchange drawn by John Glasfurd, Esq. acting Commissary General in the Windward and Leeward Islands, for Provisions, Stores, and other Extraordinary Expences of the Forces there To Sir Brook Watson, Commissary General of Stores and Povisions* to enable him to provide the several Articles for the Lie of the Forces that are to be supplied from his Department -To the Elector of lleffe Cassel, in full Discharge of all Claims on Account of Pay and Subsidy of his Troops, taken into the Service of Great Britain under Treaties of 10th April and 23d August 1793, and 19th January and 23d of March 1794 ——

For the Expences and Loss attending the purchase of Silver Bullion for the Public Service To George Baron de Silverhjelm, Minister from the King of Sweden, to satisfy certain Claims made by the Court of Sweden under the 9th Article of the Convention concluded at St. Peterffiurgh by the Ruffian and British Plenipotentiaries, on 17th June 1801 -

On Account of the Extraordinary Expences of the Army in Canada, from 25th June 1803 to 24th of March 1804 - -- -- -- .....

Oft Account of D*-of the Army in Nova Scotia, from 25th September 1803 to 24th June 1804

For Clothing, Accoutrements, &c. ffirniffied for the Army of Reserve -

C *• <?-

10.000 — —

1

16.000 -

7>°65 5 8

33.000 -

5,100-----

96*582 17 10

187,257 5 —

50.000 —

4,152 12 9

353>°°°-----

450,000-----

83,3«>3 19 5 12,169 8 3

20,119 4 i»

50.000 -

30,000 ——

92,249 6 2

1,500,000 — —

Fay Office, Horse Guards, 7

15th February 1805. J jy,

Accountant.

(B.) ... Appropriated to the Navy.

For Wear and Tear -

Wages -

Victualling

A. S. Hamond.

£■ s. d.

- 413,932 17 9

255,258 12 6

- 262,157 i° 3

£■ 931,349 — 6

S. Gambier.

Appendix,

(No. 2G.)

iS° Fcbrua

- - _ j

Ax ACCOUNT of the Quantity of SALT Exported from Great Britain to the Continent of Europe and Africa; lor 1 hree years, ended the 5th of January 1805; distinguishing Rock from White Salt; and ullo diliinguishing each year.

ROCK. W Ii I T E.

Bushels. Bullids.

*ar ended 5th January 1303 " - - 5th January 1804 ' " - 5th January 1&05 558,344 688,549 358,580 2,940,266 2,1*97,248 2,420,727

lufyeftor General’s Office, J Custom-house, London,

18 ih February 1805. ) William Irving,

Inspeflor General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain. -

45 Geo. III.

Appendix

721

An ACCOUNT of the Net Amount or Net Payment of the DUTY on S ALT for England and Scotland; for Three Years,

ended 5th July 1804; distingudhing each Year.

Years elided 5th July -

Amounts of Net Payments.

For England. For Scotland. Total.

£■ s. d. £■ *• <*• £■ *■ d-

f 1802 2 774.963 — 46,74418 9 821,707 18 9

< 1803 - 912,029 48,000 — 960,029

L 1804 \ 929,101 47.500 — 976,601

Appendix, (No. 26.)

continued,

6° Martii.

Excise-OfTtce, London, 7 6th March 1805. 3

C. Rix, Gen1 ^ccomp*.

M. Whi/h. JV, Lowndes. J. Olmius.

A, Phipps. it. Spiller. G. Seymours

Jln ACCOUNT of the Quantity of SALT Exported from Great Britain to the Continent of Europe; for Three Yew®, ended 5th January 1805; distinguishing Rock Salt from White Salt, and distinguishing each Year.

Rock Salt. W'bite Salt.

f 1803 - Years ended 5th January * < 1804 (. 1805 Buffiels. 508,031 673.746 4°5.«46 Buffiels. 2,855,653 »,95',245 2,198,144

Total - 1,586,923 j 7,005,042

Excise-Office, London, 7 jy. IVhish.

6th March 1805. f

C. Rix, Gea* AccompL J. Olmius.

A. Phipps.

R Spiller. G. Seymour,

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the DUTIES on HORSES kept for the Purpose of Riding, or of Drawing Carriages, chargeable with Duty; and also, the Amount of the Duties on Hidbandiy Horses, and on other Horses and Mules in Great Britain; for the Years ending 5th April 1803 and 1804; distinguishing each Year, and Duty.

YEARS Horses for Riding, or Drawing Carriages. Husbandry Horses, and other Horses and Mules.

£■ *■ d. I £. #. d.

1802, ending 5th April 1803 - 546,694 540,260

1 1803, ending 5th April 1804 - 576,932 543,034

Appendix, (No. 27.)

18° Februa

Office for Taxes, 1 Winter.

18th February 1805.3

An ACCOUNT of the Number of HORSES kept for the Purpose of Riding, or of Drawing Carriages, chargeable with Duty in England and Wales; for Three Years, ending the 5th April 1804; and distinguishing eacji Year.

Number of Horses.

For the Year - 1801, ending 5th of April 1802

- - - - - 1802 ----- 1803

- - - - - 1803 ----- 1804

204,782

208,920

226,433

Office for Taxes, "f ifjlb February 1805. j

The Number of Horses in Scotland has not been returned to this Office.

Mattheio Winter.

8 X

722

Appendix

A. 1805

Appendix,

(No. 27.)

18® Februarii,

continued.

As ACCOUNT of the Number of HUSBANDRY HORSES* and other Horses and Mules

Duties of Ten Shillings, Twelve Shillings and Sixpence, and Sixpence, in England and Wales; for lime Years, ending ath April 1804; distinguishing each Year.

For the Year 1801, ending 5th of April 1802:

Husbandry Horses, and other Horses and Mules, charged with the Duty of 10s. each -

In this year an Exemption was granted for Horses used on Small Farms where not more than two were kept, the Number of which returned to the Office was -

For the Year 1802, ending 5th of April 1803:

Husbandry Horses, and other Horses and Mules, charged with the Duty of 12.9. 6d. each

D° - used on Small Farms where not more than two are kept, charged with the Duty of 6 d each - ......

for the Year 1803, ending 5th of April 1804: D° - - charged with the Duty of 12 s. 6 d. each D# - - used in Small Farms as above, at 6 d. each -

Office for Taxes, 18th February 1805.

Number*

786,654

9,631

796,285

787,847

28,060

815,907

789,917

29>774

819,691

The Number of Horses in Scotland has not been returned to this Office.

Matthew Winter.

S T A t E M E N T of the Amount of the GROSS ESTIMATES, and of the NET ASSESSMENTS, under the Property Act; for the Year ending the 5th of April 1804.

Gross Estimates.

204 Complete Returns in England and Wales, exclusive 7 r f Produce in 7

of the City of London ...... J j Actual Returns {

14*01,243 - computed at 338,5°i - produce

73 Incomplete Returns -

City of London, confuting of 11 complete Returns

Scotland, computed at - - v -

Assessments in Public Offices - -

Payments into the Bank, of the Duty on Dividends -

increase by 10 complete Returns of Net Assessments, received fmee the above Account was made out ——

Office for Taxes 18th February

xes, } 1805. 5

Net Assessments. 2,561,187

934.045

43 *.37°

322.000 213,368

250.000

4.7n,97o

18,607

4,730,577

Matthew Winter.

Appendix,

(No. 28.)

18* Febru.

An ACCOUNT of the EXCHEQUER BILLS Outstanding on the 14th of February 1805, charged oa any of the Supplies of the year 1804; and distinguishing the Acts under which the fame were issued.

Per Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 93.

- - - D° - - - - 146.

- - - 44 D° - - cap. 15.

... D* - - - - 31.

... D# - - - - 73*

Towards Payment whereof there remained to be issued of £. 8,000,000. granted per Act aa Geo III cap. 45. to pay off the like Sum issued per Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 36. and 93. ’

Outstanding, charged on Supplies 1804 -

£■ d-

1.831.100 -

1.399.100 -

4,540,900-----

i,9°3,9°o-----

803,000 — —

10,478,000-----

736,200-----

9,741,800-----

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,) 18th February 1805. j

W. HuJkiJJbn.

45 Geo. III. Appendix. . 723

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of HOPS grown in the County of Sussex, from the Year 1789 to the End of the Year 1804, both inc iulive; diffiiiguiffung, 111 Hundred Weights, the Quantity grown in each Year as the Tax was levied for the fame.

Hops Grown.

Cwt. qrs. lbs.

*7»9 - - - 27,150 3 27

1790 - - - 37»652 1 12

*79* - - - 211329 0 10

1792 - - - 46,460 2 6

1793 - - - 4,810 2 23

*794 - * - 51,898 2 27

*795 - - 3 *.340 0 6

Years, ended 5th July * - s 11796 - - - 24,527 1 i2

*797 - - - 48,252 3 23

1798 - - 16,091 0 5

1799 - - - 21,617 0 7

1800 - - - 26,037 3 17

l8ci - - - 67,166 3 14

1802 - - - 7,637 0 9

1803 - - - 16,346 2 8

* 1804 - 4 - *5,803 1 19

464,122 3 i

Appendix

(No. 29.)

190 Februarii. *■ ,

N. B. The Accounts of the Duty on Hops in this Office are made up in Collections, into which England and Wales are divided, and by which Division foine Collections include more than one entire County, and others include Parts of Counties; thereioie, an Account of the Amount grown in the County of Sussex cannot be rendered, as required by the Honourable House of Commons of 6th inffant.

R. Nicholas.

Excise Office, London, 7 IV. Lowndes.

19th February 1805. J A. Phipps,;

C. RiXy Gen1 Accomp*. R. Spil/er.

G. Seymdur.

Transport-Office, 25th Feb. 1805,

A RETURN of the Number of SPANISH PRISONERS how in this Kingdom; distinguishing those who were detained previous to the Declaration of War by the Spanish Government on the 12th December 1804, and those who were Passengers, from those who were Officers or Privates in the Navy or Army.

Detained previous to the Declaration of War by the Spanish Government.

Captured since. ^Total.

Officers on Parole, including their Servants A 121 28 *49

Passengers ----- - 7 6 13

Petty Officers, Seamed, and Soldiers - 1,280 285 *.565

1*08 3!9 *»727

Appendix

(No. 30.)

2 7° Februarii. y——

Rup* George. Tho. Hamilton. E. Bouverie.

JL ‘ as*=ae=B= a i = = = = = =a=r

COPY of an ORDER from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Commissioners for the Transport Service, dated 23d January 1805, to consider the Officers and Men detained in Spanish Ships as Prisoners of War, and to intimate to them thafc their Private Property will be re dared.

(Copy.)

By the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, &c.

V here as the Earl Camden, one of His Majesty s principal Secretaries of State, hath, by his Letter of the 22d inffant, signified to us the King's pleasure, that the Spanish Prisoners, as well Officers as Men, lately taken in Spanish vessels detained by His Majesty's ships, should be placed in the situation of Prisoners of War; that they should receive Rations and Allowances in the same manner, and to the fame amount, as in the late War; and that the Officers now in lAmdon should be removed to fneb Towns as may be thought proper for their Residence on Parole, care being taken that an intimation be made to the Spanish Officers belonging to the Frigates which were ordered to be detained, that their private Property will be reffored to them; We do (in pursuance of His Majesty's pleasure, signified as aforesaid) hereby require and direfi you to consider the said Spanish

Prisoners as Prisoners of War; that they be suppliedi with such Ra-tions, and made Allowances in the same manner, and to the fame amount, as in the late War; that the Officers, now in London, be removed to such Towns as you may appoint for their Reffdence on Parole; and that you intimate to the Spanish Officers belonging to the Frigates lately detained, that their private Property will be reffored to them accordingly.

Given under out hands, the 23d January 1805.

x Jtio Cofpoys. '

P. Patton.

To tV. Dickinfin.

The Commissioners for the Transport Service, and for the Care and Custody of Prisoners of War.

By Command of their LordfaipS,

tVm Mar/den.

7U

Appendix.

A, 1805.

Appendix, ((No. 3i-)

4° Martii.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the N OTE S of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England in Circulation on the 15th day of each Month, from December 1803 to 15th February 1805, inclusive; difringuishing the Notes under Five Pounds.

Amount of Bank of Enghmd Notes of Five Pounds each, and upwards, including Bank Poll Bills payable Seven days Amount of Bank of England Note9 of £, 2., and £. 1. each.

after light. 1803: December 15 £■ 12,898,720 1803: December 15 £■ 4,426,670

1804: January 15 — — 12,744,810 1804: January 15 . - - - - 4,719,400

February 15 - - - 13,012,480 February 15 - 4,681,880

March 15 - - 12,016,536 March 15 - 4,648,380

April 15 - - - >4>5°9>67° April 15 - 4,826,250

May - 15 - - - - 12,698,940 May - 15 - 4,646,560

June - if> - - - 12,835,99° June - 15 - 4,583,040

July - 15 - - 13,°52,oio July - 15 - 4,742,99o

August 15 - - - 12,240,810 August 15 - 4,732,160

September 15 - - 12,036,150 September 15 - 4,778,280

October 15 - - - n,976>950 October 15 - 4,907,810

November 15 - - - 1 i,976,53 November 15 - 4,760,060

December 15 - - - >2,355,310 December 15 - 4,657,260

1805: January 15 - jm 12,626,220 1805: January 15 . - _ - 4,772,790

February 15 * " " * 13,781,480 February 15 - ‘ ‘ 4,729,450

Bank 4th of

k of England, 7 * March 1805. 5

Wm Walto,

Acco* Gen1.

Appendix,

' V~)

7* Martii.

An ACCOUNT of all P E N SI ONS on the Irish Establishment, granted since the ill of January 1804, so far as the fame can be made out; specifying the Date of the f-ime; and the Term of Lives or Years for which they have been respectively granted.

...... . t________ —__________ - - u ——

Pensioners Names.

• Annual Amount.

Dates.

Sir Boyle Roche, Bart. -

Faithful William Fortescue, and Jane his and Survivor -Mrs. Anne Young

s Wife,

3d February 1804

300-----

500-----

Ditto

Ditto

Term.

Life; and from and after his decease to Alexander Marfden, Esq. during his Life, and the Lives of his Daughters Eleanor and Maria Marfden, and Survivor.

Their Lives.

Life; and from and after her decease, to be paid as follows:

To Olivia Maria Young 200.

Anna Maria Youag - 150.

Juliana Matilda Young .... 130*

Her Daughters, for their Lives.

Auditor General’s Office, 7 22d February 1805. j

Roden, Aodr General.

Appendix,

(No. 33.) 7* Martii.

27* Junii:

An ACCOUNT of all Sums of MONEY which have been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to the Addreflesof the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Henry Alexander, Esq. for his Services as Chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means, in the Session 1803-4

George Whittam, Esq. for making an Index to the Votes of the House of Commons, in the Session 1803-4 "

John Henry Ley, Esq. Second Clerk Assistance of the House of Commons, for his Services in the hellion 1803-4 -

Jeremiah Dyson, Esq. Clerk Assistant of the House of Commons, to make up his Allowance equal to £. 2,000. for his Services in the Session 1803-4 - - - - . -

John Clementson, Esq. to make up his Allowance equal to £.500 for his Attendance as Deputy Serjeant at Anns, during the Session 1803-4 -

Thomas Bernard, Esq. for the Institution for preventing the spreading of contagious Malignant Fevers in the Metropolis -

Henry Coles, Esq. so* Compensations to sundry Officers of the House of Commons, for their Attendance on Public Committees in the Session 1803-4 ——

John Flaxman, Statuary, in full Payment for erecting a Monument in Westminster Abbey, to the Memory of Captain James Montague ——

£• *. d.

1,300 1 6

310-----

1,084 *9 6 1,187 12 10

332-----

3,000-----

280 8 — 1,297 2 6

8.792 4 4

Exchequer, the 7th day of March 1S05

James FiJIier.

An ACCOUNT of all MONIES which have been issued by His Majesty's Orders pursuant to the Addresses of the House of Commons,

and which have hot been made good by Parliament.

To John Caley, Esq. Secretary to the Commissioners for Public Records, to Pay Expences and Salaries to sundry Persons ——

To Richard Wefunacott, junior, for a second Jnilalment for erecting a Monument to the Memory of Lieutenant General Sir Ralph Abercromby, K. B. -

the 27th

Exchequer, 7

th day of June 1805.

£■ '• d-3.394 *7 10 2,216 19 —

5,611 16 10

James Fisher.

45 Geo. III.

Appendix*

72 5

An ACCOUNT of Monies advanced for Public Services from the CrviL List Revenues (not being part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil List) and which have not been replaced by Parliament.

Appendix:*

JNo. 34.)

ii* Martii.

Bernard Collie, Esq. for additional Allowance to Clerks in the Office for auditing the Public Accounts, J Year to 5th January 1805 ——

Dr. George Skene Keith, for Expences attending the Malt and Barley Committees of the House of Lords ——

John Williams, Esq. for Contingent Expences in the execution of the Act for enquiring into Naval A bales -

Thomas Poole, Esq. for Expences attending the digesting and abstracting Poor Returns -

Right honourable Lord Walsingham, for his attendance as Chairman of the Committees of the house of Lords, in the Session 1803-4 -

John Clementson, Esq. for one year's Rent of a House in lieu of the Apartments he resigned at the house of Commons, due at Midsummer 1804 ——

The Magistrates of the Thames Police Office, to defray the Expences of a Plan for the more perfect Security of the Shipping in the Port of London

Thomas Brodie, Esq. in advance for making an Index to one Volume of the Journals of the House of . Lords ——

Thomas Evance, Esq. for continuing and perfecting the Index to the Journals of the House of Lords, for 7 years, to 1 ft July 1801 ——

William Chinnery, Esq. for Stationary provided for the Settlement at New South Wales -

William Chinnery, Esq. for Mathematical Inftritments provided for New South Wales -

Right honourable George Rose, for Expences at the Parliament Office, in the Session 1803-4

Edward Culvert, to discharge the Arrears of Salary due to the several Persons on the Civil Establishment of New Biutifwick ——

Mcffrs. Puget and Bainbridge, to repay the like Sum remitted by them to Ireland, for making a further Provision for the Presbyterian Ministers of the Synods of Ulster and Munster -

Dr. Thomas Brooke Clarke, for his trouble and attendance in the year ended 5th January 1805, relative to an Act for enforcing the Residence of the Clergy -

Representatives of Dr. Daniel Peter Layard, as a Compensation for his Services relative to the Distemper among the Horned Cattle -

William Chinnery, Esq. to enable him to pay sundry Bills drawn on Account of New South Wales, which will become due in the year 1805 -

George Thomas Baldwin, Esq. to make good the Deficiency of the Sum granted in the last Session of Parliament, on account of Expences of the Public Office in Bow-street, for the year 1804

Sir Richard Ford, towards defraying the Expences of a Plan for the Establishment of a Horse Patrol for the better Security of the public Roads leading to the Metropolis -

Henry Nettleship, Esq. for making up and publishing, in the London Gazette, Weekly Returns of the average Price of Brown or Muscovado 8ugar, for One year to lft October 1804 -

Edward Colman, Esq. Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons, being the Deficiency of the Grant of the last Session of Parliament, for his Bill of Disbursements, for the Session 1803-4 -

William Chinnery, Esq. for the Payment of a framed Room for the life of the Settlement at New South Wales ——

John Julius Angerftein, Esq. to be by him remitted for the Support and Relief of British Subjects detained in France -

c

c 8. d.

8,090 16 3

260 — —

0 <0 0 w* 10 —

500 — —

2,698 6 6

219 6 —

649 8 —

559 19 6

1,428 3 —

72 16

233 12 —

416 2 4

4,95 4 2*

CO N <0 18 6

547 7 6

116 19 ■

*>69315 —

s°5 17 4

1,06016 —

435 — 213 8 7 172 >3 —

1.059 —

36,431

3*

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, > 5th March 1805. 3

W. HnJkiJJ.

Ax ACCOUNT of Monies advanced for Public Services from the Civil List Revenues (not being part of the Expenditure of the Civil Ltd) and which have not been replaced by Parliament.

26* /uni/.

Bernard Cobbe, Esq. to pay Fees on passing Public Accounts

George Atwood, Esq. to enable him to pay a Bill for Models of Arches of Bridges, made for the use

of a Committee of the House of Commons *■"•*■ *

John Williams, Esq. for Contingent Expences in the Execution of the Act for enquiring into Naval Abuses

The Magistrates of the Thames Police Office, to defray the Expences of a Plan for the mors perfect Security of the Shipping in the Port of London -

Bernard Cobbe, Esq. for additional Allowance to Clerks in the Office for auditing the Public Accounts, for the Quarter ended 5 th April 1805 -

Sir Richard Ford, towards defraying the Expences of a Plan for the Establishment of a Horse Patrol for the better Security of the public Roads leading to the Metropolis ......

To the Officers of the Tally Court, for Fees on Tallies levied on several Aids granted by Parliament -

Thomas Poole, Esq. for Expences attending tbs digesting and akftratfing Poor Returns ...

£' s. d.

3,000 1 -w —»

*35 6 —

1,271 2 -

324 16 —

2,801 *9 1#

535 3 6

1,113 9 6 31* 7 —I

9,492 3 1°!

Whitehall, Treafluy Chambers, ? 26th June 1805. 3

Vot» 60.

V. Hu/kijfun.

* Y

726

Appendix,

(No- 35 ) * 12* Martii.

Appendix.

A. 1305.

Ax ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for the REDUCTION of the NATIONAL DEBT of Ireland, to the

5th of January 1804.—Seventh Year,

ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for the R E D U C T I O N of the NATIONAL D E B T, of all Sums which have been paid to the Bank of Ireland on their Account, and of all Debentures or Stock which have been Redeemed or Purchased by them; together with the Interest accruing thereon; and the Times of their purchasing, redeeming, and paying off the fame; and of the several Prices p;-od for the fame; Together with a General State of the Fund, specifying whether any, and what Money Hill remains unpaid to the Bank on their Account, or lies there unapplied by them:—And also, an Account of Annuities for Years, the Terms whereof have expired, and which are by Law continued to the Account of the said Commissioners; together with an Account of the Sums received and paid, and the Stock purehaled for each Loan:—Also, An Account of the whole Expence attending the Execution of the Powers vested in them; and oi ail Clerks and other Officers appointed by them.

For Interest and Cash to the Bank - - - Dr

Date

*803.

Jan. 7.

10.

11. *3* *7-18.

20. *4. *S-*7-31.

Feb. 1. 3.

7.

8.

10.

14-

*5'

17.

21.

22. 24. 28.

March 1.

’ 3-7-8.

9*

10.

23d Quarter.

To Cash to Bank By Stock Bought - - 41,094 6 —

By - D®

By - D®

By - D®

By - m° . - - .

By . D® - - . - _ .

By - D®

By D®

By D° - - - - . _ . ‘

By

By _ D®

By - D° -

By - D° - -

By - D®

By - D°

By - D°

By - D®

By - D° - - - - _ . -

By - D°

By D° -

By - D®

By D®

By . D° * _ . - .

By . D® - - - . _ -

By - D® - -

By - D°

By . D° - - - ... .

'By - D®

TOTAL 23d Quarter - £.

Cash co their Credit to the Bank.

d.

41,094 6 a£

24th Quarter •

Ipril 1. Half a Year’* Dividend, at 5-Per-

Cent on £.870,476. 191. 4d.

and at on £.io, oooo - 22,111 15 6 —

By Stock Bought

4* *y - D° - -

5- By - D° -

7- By . D® -

11. By - D° -

12. By - D° - - "v - -

I. By - D° - -

18. By - D° - - " -

Io. By - D° - «• - -

21. By - D®

23. To Cash to Bank - 41,094 6 z\ —

25* By Stock bought

26. By - D°

28. By. - v°

May 2. 3- By By - D® - D° - m _; - -

5. By - D® - .

9* By . D°

10. By - D°

12. By - D®

16. By - D° - - - - m

>7- By. - D®

19. By - IF

23. By - D* - - . m

-4* Half a Year’s Dividend, at <-Per-

Cent, on £-60,033. 131. Sd.

is £. 65,036. 9c. 10d. Irish - I*6l e 18 3

Stock bought

26* By - D® - m m

30. By - D* - . m m m

31* By - D® ——

Tune 2. By - D® -

6. *y - D®

7- By - D® - .

9- By - D° .

*3. »y - D® - . .

*4- By - D® - .

16. By . D® - ,

20. By - 1>® •

21. By - D® - m

22. By - D®

TOTAL 24th Quarter - £■ 64,832 2 ui -

By Stock Bought, or Debentures Purchased, and Converted into Stock

- Cr.

In Ireland, 3^-Per-Cent. Capital Stock.

c

d.

In Ireland,

5 Per-Cent. Capital Stock.

£.j. ‘d.

1,50*-----

i>5°° — "

1.500 -

1.500 -

1.500 — —

i»5°°-----

1.500 -

1.500 — —

1.500 -

1,5°° — —

1.500 -

1.500 -

1.500 -

1.500 -

1.500 -

1.500 -

1.500 -

1.500 -

1.500 — —

1.500 -

1.500 -

1.500 -

1.500 -

1.500 -

1,000 — — 2,100-----

157 10 3 1,494 18 8

40,752 8 11

Price. Sum Paid in Irish Currency. Interest Paid. Total C A PITA L

Days 1 Amount. Bought

98. 15. 0- £. 1,4*1 5 0 107 21 19 8 £•_*• * 1,500

98. 17. 6. 1,4*, * 6 108 22 3 10 1,50°

D° M*J 6 lie 22 12 — *>5co

D® M*3 6 * 14 23 8 5 1,500

D° M*3 6 JI5 23 12 7 1,500

D° 1,483 % 6 117 a4—9 1,500 — —

D° 1,4*3 * 6 121 *4 *7 , 3 1,500

D° 1,483 2 6 122 25 14 *»5°°

D° 1,483 2 6 124 25 9 7 1,500

D° 1,483 2 6 128 26 b — 1,500

d b ds 0 1,485 129 26 JO 1 1,500

D° 1,485 J3J 26 18 3 1,500

D> i,4*5 *35 ?7 14 9 1,500

DJ i,4*5 13b 27 18 10 1,500

D° 1,485 138 28 7 r 1,500

99. *. 6. 1,486 17 6 142 29 3 6 1,500

99. 5. 0. 1,488 15 143 29 7 8 1,500

D 1,488 15 *45 29 15 10 1,500 — —

99. 0. 0. 1,485 149 30 12 4 i,5Co — —

99. 2. 6. 1,486 17 6 150 30 16 5 1,500

99. 0. 0. i,4*5 — — 152 31 4 8 1,500

D® i,4*S 156 32 1 1 ,5°°

D° 1,485 *57 32 5 2 1,500

D° i>4*5 " — *59 32 13 5 i,5cd

98. 17. 6. 9*8 15 — 163 22 6 7 1,coo — —

99. 0. 0. 2,079 164 47 3 6 2,100 — —

98. 17. 6. 155 14 10 *6 5 3 »• * 157 *0 3

D° M7* * 3 166 33 19 lof 1494 18 8

- 4°>332 4 7 - 762 I 7i 40,752 8 11

Total

CASH

Paid.

£■ 4

i,5°i 4

M3, * 4

1.505 14

1.506 10 II 1,50615 I M07 3 3

1.507 19 9 I5w8 3 10

1.508 n 1

1.509 S 6

1.511 10 1

1.511 18 j

*,512 H fi 1,51a 18 10

*>5*3 7 * 1,5.6 1 0

1.518 2 S

1.518 10 10

I»5I5 11 4 1,5/7 13 *1 1,516 4 $ l»Sl7 *

,>5,7 5 * i>5'7 *J 5 1,011 i 7 2,126 3 6 159 6-

1.511 * ij

2,000 — —. 93. 17. 6. 1,877 10 7 1 18 4 1,000 1,379 1,845

2,000 92. 2. 6. 1,842 10 — 10 2 *4 9 2,000

2,000 93. 12 6. 1,872 10 — 11 3 — 3 2 , OCO *,875 1,^3

2,000 94. 0. 0. 1,880 — — *3 3 11 3 2,000

1,700 93. 5. 0. i»5*5 5 — *7 3 *9 2 1,700 1,589 1,864 1,862 1,586

2,000 93. 0. 0. 1,860 — — 18 4 jS 7 2.000

2,000 92. 17. 6. 1,857 10 — 20 5 9 7 2,000

*,7°o 93- 0. 1,581 — — 24 5 11 9 1,700

2,000 93. 10. 0. 1,870 — — 25 6 *7 2,000

2,000 94- 7- 6. 1,887 10 — 27 7 7 11 2,000 i, Sv4

1,700 95- *7- 6. 1,629 17 6 31 7 4 4 1,700 1,637 1,958

2,000 97. 10, 0. i,95° — — 32 8 *5 4 2,000

2,000 98. 0. 0. 1,960 — — 34 9 6 3 2,000 i»969

1,700 97* 7- 6- *>655 7 6 38 8 17 — 1,700 1,664

2,000 97- 5* o- *.945 — — 39 10 *3 8 2. COO i,9>5 1,928 *,6;3

2,000 — 95. 17. 6. *,9*7 *0 — 4* 11 4 8 2,000 —

IJOO 95. 15- 0. *7627 15 — 45 10 9 7 1,700

2,000 — 94. 10. 0. 1,890 — — 46 12 12 — 2,000 —* 1,902

2,000 91- 0. 0. 1,820 — — 48 *3 3 — 2,000 — 1,633

1,700 9*- 17- 6. 1,56117 6 52 12 2 2 ,t7oo *»5'3

2, COO 92. 15. 0. i>*55 — — 53 *4 IO 5 2,000 — — 1,869 1,815

2,000 90* 0. 0. 1,800 — — 15 *5 I 4 2,000

1,700 k 87. 10. 0. 1,487 10 — 59 *3 *4 9 *>7°° — — 1,5c*

2,000 87. /0. 0. 1,750 — 60 j6 8 9 2,000 —* — 1,766

2, COO —. 88. 5, 0. *»7<J5 — 62 16 *9 8 2, CCO — — 1,781

2,000 — 87. 10. 0. 1,750 — 66 18 1 7 2, GC\ — 1,768

2,000 — 88. 0. 0. 1,760 — — 67 18 7 1 2, CvX. —" *," 7*

2,000 89. 0. 0. 1, — 69 18 18 1 a,coo — — 'l,79S

2,000 88. 5. 0. 1,765 73 20 . 2, OCO — — j 1 785 -

2,000 — D° i»:65 — 74 20 5 6 2, CCO — — l.rS5

2,000 D° *,765 — — 76 20 16 5 2,c:0 -— —; 1,785 J

2,000 88. 12. 6. *»772 10 — 80 21 18 4 J.CjCO — — 1,794

2,000 89. 10. 0. 1,790 — — 81 22 3 10 2.C oO — — r,8u

2,000 90. 2. 6. 1 , Sc2 IO — 33 22 *4 9 2<CAO 1.825

2,000 — 90. 0. 0. 1,800 — — 37 23 16 8 2, OcJ — — 1,823 J

2,000 — 89. 10. 0, 1,790 ~ — 88 24 2 2 2 CCC t,8*4

183 19 — 89. 15. 0. 165 I 11 89 2 •4 9! 1 o\ OO 167 1

70,083 I9 — ... 64»433 14 5 - 460 0 V 70, C83 19 — _ 64.^3

I 10

■s;

a

14

4 7

n —

,11

8 9

19 8 1 7 7

5 6 16 S 8 4

to 4 9 16 8 2

6 8?

;Goo

41,094 6 i{

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

727

Ireland.—Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt—continued%

For interest and Cash to the Bank - - - Dr. By Stock ]

Date Cash to their In Ireland,

2 ,<;th Quarter. Credit 3f per-Cent.

1803. to the Bank. Capital Stock.

£■ «• a.

July 1. To Cash to Bank - - 41,094 6 t\

4* By Stock Bought r"* •* -

5- By

7. By - D®

11. By - Dy

12. By - D" - -

14. By - D° - - '/

18. By - D® - -

19. By - D® ——

21. By - D° - - _ - -

25* By - D®

26. By - D°

28. By - D® - - - - - . -

Aug. !• By

2. By - D®

4* By - D®

8. By - D® _ _ - -

9* By - D°

if* «y - D® -

i5- By - D®

16. By - D° - _

18. By - D° •

22. By - D®

23* By - D° -

25. By - D°

29. By - D®

3°- By - D®

Sept. 1. By - D®

5- By - D°

6. By - D® _ - -

8, By - D°

By - D®

TOTAL 25th Quarter - £■ 41,094 6 2{ -

By Stock Bought, or Debentures Purchased, and Converted into Stock - Cr.

In Ireland,

5 per-Cent. Capital Stock.

x*$o© —

1.500 —

1.500 — -

1.500 — -,5oo — -

1.500 —

1,5*0-----

1.500 —

1.500 —

1.500 —

1.500 —

1.500 —

1.500 —

1.500 —

1.500 —

1.500 —

1.500 —

1.500 —

1.500 —

1.500 —

1.500 —

1.500 —

1.500 —

1.500 —

1.500 —

1.500 —

i,5°o —

1.500 —

1.500 -

J, OCO —»

1,142 13

45,642 13 4

oa. 1

3

4-

6,

jo.

11.

*3

37

l3.

21.

24-

*5-

27.

,29-

iJ1-

Nov. 1.

3-

7-

8.

10.

s

115.

I7«

21.

22.

23.

26th Quarter.

Half a Year's Dividend, at 5 per* Cent. on £-986,203. Us. 8d. and at 3 \ on £. 2o,oco. -By Stock Bought

By By By By By By

By By By By

D°

D°

D®

Do

D®

D°: D®

D°

D°

Do D°

To Cash to Bank By Stock Bought

Sum Paid interest Paid. Total Total

Price. in y\ r ADTTlI r a * H

f 4.

IrHh Currency. Days Amount. Bought. Paid.

£. i. d. £■ i. d. £• i. d. £■ 1. d*

mmm — — —— *—

88. 0. 0. 1,320 — — IO! 20 15 1 1,500 — — 1,340 i5 1

87. 10. 0. 1,312 IO — 102 20 19 2 i,5°° — — H333 9 2

86. 0. 0. 1,290 — — IO4 21 7 4 1,500 — — 1,311 7 4

84. 0. 0. 1,260 — — 108 22 3 10 1,500 —r — 1,282 3 to

89. 0. 0. x*335 — — IO9 22 7 11 7,500 — — i,3S7 7 11

87. 15- 0. 1,316 5 III 22 16 2 1,500 — — i,339 1 2

87. 10. 0. 1,312 10 — "5 23 12 7 1,500 — — 1*336 2 7

D® 1,312 10 .— ll6 23 16 8 1,500 * — M36 6 8

88. 10. 0. 1,327 10 — Il8 24 4 11 i»5°° — — i,3 51 14 11

89. TO. 0. 1,342 10 — 122 25 1 4 1,500 — — i,367 11 4

87. 10. 0. 1,312 10 — ,23 25 5 5 i,5°o — — 1*337 15 5

86. 5- 0. i*293 15 — 125 25 13 8 i,5°o i,3i9 8

85. 7. 6. 1,280 12 6 129 26 10 1 1,500 — — i»3°7 2 7

86. 17. 6. 1,303 2 6 130 26 14 2 1,500 — — 1,329 16 8

87. 10. 0. 1,312 10 — 132 27 2 5 1,500 — — i,339 12 5

88. 15- 0. i*33i 5 — 136 27 18 10 1.500 — — L359 3 10

D° i»33i 5 — i37 28 3 — 1,500 — — *,359 8 —*

88. 5- 0. i»323 15 — *39 28 11 2 1,500 — — i*352 6 2

88. 10. 0. 1,327 xo — >43 29 7 8 1,500 — — i,356 17 8

88. 15- 0. i»33i 5 — 144 29 11 9 1,500 — — 1,360 16 9

D® i,33i 5 — 146 30 — 1,500 — — 1,361 5

D® i*332 5 — 150 30 16 5 1,500 — — 1,362 1

D° i*332 5 — IS* 3i — 6 1,500 — — 1,362 5 6

89. 0. 0. i*335 — — 153 3i 8 9 1,500 — 1,366 8 9

88. 10. 0. 1,327 10 — *57 32 5 2 1,500 — — i,359 15 2

88. 15- 0. i*33i 5 — 158 32 9 4 1,500 ‘— — i,363 14 4

89. 0. 0. i»335 — 160 32 17 6 1,500 — — 1,367 17

90. 5- 0. i»353 15 — 164 33 13 11 1,500 — — 1,3^7 8 11

90. 10. 0. 1,357 10 — 165 33 18 1 1,500 — — i,39i 8 1

90. 90. 12. 17- 6. 6. 906 5 1,038 7 167 49 — 5* 2,142 13 4 i*993 13 4i

- 40,254 12 11 - 83913 3* 45,64* J3 4 41,094 6

Appendix, (No. 35.) 12° Martii

continued*

25»°°5 * 9i

41,094 6 2t|| —

By

By

By

By

By

By

By

By

By

By -

D°

D°

D®

D®

D°

D®

D°

D®

D®

D°

Half a Year's Dividend, at 5 per-Cent. on £.60,033. 13#. 8d.

24- By Stock Bought

28. r.y - D®

29. By - D®

Dec. j. By - D°

5- By - D°

6. By - D®

8. By - D°

12. By - D®

n- By - D°

14. By - D°

15- By - D°

19. By D°

20. By - D°

22. By - D°

1,625 18

1.000 — —

2.000 — —

2.000 -

2.300 — —

2.000 — —

2.000 — —

2.300 — —

2.000 — —

2.000 — —

2.300 — —

2.200 — —

2.200 — —

2.200 -

TOTAL 26th Quarter -25th Quarter -24th Quarter -23d Quarter -

TOTAL 7th Year - £. I

67,725 6 3

41.094 6 2]

64,832 2 11}

41.094 6 if

214,746 1 7f

2,200 2,200 2,200 1,200 2,200 * 2,200 -2,200 -2, COO -2,200 -2,200 -

2,200 -

2,000 —

2,200 -- —

2,200 -

2,200 -- —

2,2 OO — —

2,200 -

2,000 -- —

2, COO ——

156 13 9

2,000 -

2,000 -- —

2,000 -

1,636 II 10

76,293 5 7

45,642 13 4 70,083 19 —

40,75* * 11

88.15. o.

88. 12. 6.

D°

88. 17. 6. 88. 15. o. 88. 10. o. 87. 15. o. 87. 10. o. 86. 17. 6. 86. 12. 6. 86. 7. 6.

86. 10. o.

87. o. o.

87. 7- 6.

87. 15. o. D° ir

8S. o. o. D1 DJ 87. 17. 6. 87. 15. o. 87. 17. 6.

87. i7- 6.

88. 7. 6.

88. 17. 6.

89. o. o, D®

D®

89. 10. o. 89. 17. 6. 89. 12. 6. 89. 10. o. 89. 5. o. 89. 15. o. 89. 12. 6. 89. 10. a

i,775 -

1,772 10 —

1,77* 10 —

2,044 2 6

i>775 — —

1.770 -

2,018 5 —

i,75o -

1,737 10 1,992 7 6

1,900 5 —

1,903 —

1,914-----36

232,772 6 10

1,922 5

1.930 10

1.930 10

1.930 10 —

1.936 -

1.936 -

',9 36 -

1,757 10 —

1.930 10 — i,933 5 —

L933 5 —

1,767 10 —

*955 5 —

1.958 -

1.958 -

1.958 -

1,969-----

1,797 jo —

1.792 10 — 140 4 8

1,785-----

i,795 -

1.792 10 1,464 15 —

37

39

43

44 46 50 5* 53

57

58

2 3

2 9

3 o

4 *4 4 7 4 18

6 18 6 6

7 1 9 * 9 — 9 12

10 16 ii

Ji 3 — u 15 —

12 19 2

>3 5

13 17

>5 1 15 7

14 10

17 3 17 9

2.000

2.000

2.000 -

2.300 2,000 < 2,000

2.300 2,000 2,000 2,300 2,200 -2,200 -

i,777 3 I®

1.774 19 4

1.775 i° 3

2,048 17 — 1,779 7 8 1,774 18 7 2,025 3 7 1,756 6 «—

i,744 1* 5 2,001 10 3 1,909 5 10 1,912 12 10

2,200 — — I 1,924 16 n

60 18 1 ,

64 17 10

65 19 II

67

71

72 74

78

79

80

81

85

86 88

67,333 19 8 40,254 12 11 64*433 *4 5 40,33» 4 7

Accruing Interest, per annum, on D® - - D° - - D°

Of which* Half a Year due 25th March next

212,354 11 7

20 3 10

21 7 II

21 13 II

22 6 ---

21 7 5

21 12 IO

i *4 3

22 3 10

23 5 9

23 11 3

!9 14 7

2.200 —

2.200 — -

2.200 —

2.200 — -

2.200 — -

2.200 — —

2.200 — —

2,000 --- —

2.200 —>*£—

2,200 — —

2,200 —

2, OC O —

0,200 --

2,200 —=- --

2,200 — — 2,200 - —

2,200 --- —

2,000 —

2,000 — (

156 13 9

2,000 -- —

2,000 — — | 2,000 — — 1,636 II IO

1,933 8 — 1.94* 5 —

1,943 9 2 i>943 15 i»949 *7 1,951 1

i>95* 7 i,77i — *>947 13 1,950 14

2

3

4

4

5 7

6

1,951 6 *7

1*785 — 8

1,974 16 9

1.978 3 10

1*979 7 11

1.979 13 11

1,991 6 —

1.818 i7 5

I,8l4 2 IO

141 l8 II

1,807 3 JO

1.818 5 9

i,816 1 3

1,484 9 7

497 11 10

76*293 5 7

839 *3 3i 460 — 8|

762 1 7| 40,752 8 11

67,831 11 6

6

*1

45,641 13 4 I 41,094 70,083 19 — I 64,893 15 if

41,094 6 2f

2*559 7 5ij *32,772 6 jo

1*147*533 7 1 Capital

£th January ifaf.

i|i27»533 7 1/ Capital at 5-per-Cent. -

20,000-----J D° - at 3f-per-Cent. -

> - - £-

£.28,538 6 8

Vickers* Secretary.

214*913 19 —f

56,376 13 4

700 — —

57,076 rj 4

=5=

728

Appendix

A. 1805

Appendix,

(No- 35-)

12° Martii,

continued.

Ireland.—Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt—

D, . ...... SINKING FUND TO LOANS

C'.

1S03.—L O A N S prior to 1797:

To Six Months Interest on £*474*3a o. xo. Stock, 5-per-Cent. per annum, duo 25 th March 1803

To Six Months Interest on £. ao, oco. Stock,

Cent, per annum, due 25th March 1803

To Six Months Interest at 5-per-Cent. on £.60,033.13.8. English, is £. 65,036. 9. 10. Irish, due 25th March 1803 * - * " * "

To Six Months Interest on £. 528,124- 10. I- Stock, 5-per-Cent. per annum, due 25th September 1803 -

To Six Mouths Interest on £. 20,000. Stock, 3j-per-Cent. per annum, due 25th September 1803 -

To Six Months Interest at 5-per-Cent. on £.60,03 3-13-*-English, is £.65,036. 9. 10. Iriflt, due 25th September 1803

To One Year's Issue of the Sum appropriated to purchase Stock in Ireland by 37 Geo. III. due 29th September 1803

To One Year's I flue of Expired Annuities, due 29th September 1803 -

To Profit on Exchange -

Out of which is to be deduced:

Charges incurred by receiving and remitting Interest of Stock in England -

1803.—*L O AN of 1797, for £.500,000:

To Six Months Interest on £.38,486. ir. 6. Stock, 5-per-Cent. per annum, due 25th March 1803

To Six Month* Interest on £. 42,264. o. 4. Stock, 5-per-Cent. per annum, due 25th September 1803 -

To Calk paid the Bank, being One Year’s Appropriation of i-per-Cent. due 29th September 1803 . -

1803.—LOAN of 1797, for £.635,000:

To Six Months Interest on £.48,877. x8. 11. Stock, 5-per-Cent. per annum, due 25th March 1803

To Six Months Interest on £. 53,675. 6. 1. Stock, 5-per-Cont per annum, due 25th September 1803 -

TaCafh paid the Bank, being Ode Year* Appropriation of i-per-Cent. due 29th September 1803

xlo3.~LOAN of 1798, for £. 318,000.

To Six Month* Interest on £. 19,853. 7. 9. Stock, 5rper-Cent. per annum, due 25th March 1803

To Six Months Interest on £.22,185. 15. 2. Stock, 5-per-Cent. per annua, due 25th September 1803 -

To Cash paid the Bank, being One Year*s Appropriation of x-per-Cent due 29th September 1803

1803.—LOAN of 1798, for £.1,7x5,950.

To Six Months Interest on £. 103,864. 2. 3. Stock, 5-per-Cent. per annum, due 25th March 1803

To Six Months Interest on £. 116,066. 1. 1. Stock, 5-per>Cent« per annum, due 25th September 1803 -

ToCalh paid the Bank, being One Year’s Appropriation of i-per-Cent. due 29th September 1803

1803.—LOAN of 1799, for £. 2,000,000.

To Six Months Interest on £.88,764. 13. 10. Stock, 5-per-Cent per annum, due 25th March 1803

To Six Months Interest on £. 102,114. 11. 11. Stock, 5-per-Cent. per annum, due 25th September 1803 -

ToCafti paid the Bank, being One Year’s Appropriation of i-per-Cent. due 29th September 1803

1803.—LOAN of 1800, for £.2,500,000.

To Six Month* Interest on £ 77,953. 18. 6. Stock, 5-per-Cont. per annum, due 25th March 1803

To Six Months Interest on £.93,750. 5. 5. Stock, 5*per-Cent. per annum, due 25th September 1803 -

To Cash paid the Bank, being One Year’s Appropriation of 1-per-Cent, due 29th September 1803

1803. LOAN of 1802, for £.1,770,232. 17. 1;

To Six Months Interest on £. 17,846. 5. 9. Stock, 5-per-Ceat. per annua, due 25th March 1803

To Six Months Interest on £.28,023. I. 7. Stock, 5-per-Cent. per annum, due 25th September 1803 -

To Cacti paid the Bank, being One Year’s Appropriation of i-pci-Cent due 29th September 1803

5th JMixary 1804.

CASH

Received.

£. *. d.

11,870 15 —

350 — —

1,615 18 3 13,203 2 3 350 — —

1,625 I. 3

67^35 * 4

2,150-----

111 19 3

99,113 1 4 44 * 10

961 3 3 1,056 11 — 5,oooo — —

1,221 19 —* i>34* 17 8

6,350 — —

496 6 8

554 12 10

3,280 — —

2.596 12 1

2,901 13 — I7ii59 10 —

2,219 2 4 *552 17 4 10,000 —

1,94s 17 — *,343 ij

15,000 — —

446 3 2

7°o IX <4

17.701 6 6

TOTAL

Received.

d.

99*07* *t

7,01* 15 3

8,913 16 8

4,330 19 6

22,657 15 1

24,771 19 f

29,292 12 2

18,849 1

114,913 19

1803.—L O A N S prior to 1797:

By Stock purchased between 25th December 1802 and ^th December 1803 -♦*-*-

1803.—L O A N of 1797, for £. 500,000:

By Stock purchased between 25th December 1802 and 25th December 1803 -

1803.—LOAN of 1797, for £.635,000:

By Stock purchased between 25th December 1802 and 25th December 1803 ——

1803.—L O A N of 1798, for £. 328,000;

By Stock purchased between 25th December 1802 and 25th December 1803 -

1803.—:LOAN of 1798, for £.1*715,950.

By Stock purchased between 25th December 1802 and 25th December 1803 -

1803.—L O A N of 1799, for £. 2,000,000 s

By Stock purchased between 25th December 1802 and 25th December 1803

1803.—LOAN of 1800, for £. 2,500,000 s

By Stock purchased between 25th December 1802 and 25th December 1803

1803.—LOAN of 1802, for£.1,770,132. 17. x.

By Stock purchased between 25th December 1802 and 25^ December 1803 ......

STOCK

Bought

£ I. d. ^7,463 7 4

7,6 ix 7 7

9,666 9 3

4,691 13 5

*4*544 *5 4

26,803 7 3

31,660 3 —

20,331 3 8

231,772 6 10

CASH

Paid.

£• x. i

99*07* 19 i

7,oit 15 J

8,9x3 16 8

4*33° 19 f

24*771 >9

19,292 1

18,849 r %i>

•14,9*3 19

Jer. Viders, Secretary.

45 Geo. III.

Appendix;

7 29

Ireland Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt-ccw^Bed. D' ' ’ ' ’ A GENERAL STATE °fthe FUND for the DEDUCTION of the NATIONAL

To ISSUE, by Act 37 G. III. appointing the Commissioners 1 One Year, to and for 29th September 1803 -

To I flue on Loan of £. 500,000 by the Bank of Ireland, by Act passed 6th June 1797:

One Ye^r, to and for 29th September 1803

To I flue on Capital Stock of £.635,000, created by Loan under the last recited Act;

One Year, to and for 29th September 1803

To Issue on Expired Annuities:

One Year, to and for 29th Srptcmber 1803

To issue, on Loan of £. 328,000 by the Bank of Ireland, by Act passed 4th June 1798:

One Year, to and for 29th September 1803

To IflFue, on Capiul Stock of £. 1,715,950, created by Loan under the last recited Act:

One Year, to and for 29th September 1803

To Issue on Capital Stock of £. 2,000,000, created by Loan by Act passed 7th Mjy 1799*

One Year, to and for 19th September 1803

To Issue on Capita* Stork of £. 2,500,000, created by Loan, by A & passed ift August 1800 5 One Year, to and for 29th September 1803

To Issue on Capital Stock of £. 1,770,232. 17. 1. created by Loan, by Act passed 3d June 1802:

One Year, to and for 29th September 1803 -

To INTEREST on Stock Purchased s In IRELAND:

For Six Months to 25 March 1803, on £.870476. 19. 4.

at 5 per-Cent ...... £,21,761 18 6

For Six D* to 25 Sept. 1803,00 £ 986,203. 11. 8.

>'5°° ...... *4*655 * 9i

lot one Year to 25 D° 1803, on £.20,000. o. o.

at 31 D° - - - . - 700 o o

In ENGLAND:

For Six Months to 25 March 1803, on £.65,036. 9. 10.

at 5 per-Cent. . - - - £1,6x5 18 3

For Six UP to 25 Sept. 1803, on £.65,036. 9. 10.

at 5 D° - 1,625 18 3

To Profit on Exchange

£• *. d.

7,635 8 4

5,000-----

6,350 — — 2,250 — —

3,280 —

*7,*59 *° —

ZOfDOO — ---

25,000 -

*7,7°* 6 6

50,368 16 gf

211 19 3

2i4»95& — *oi

DEBT. - -

By PAYMENT for Debentures Bought, and Stock Purchased, from *5* December l8o» to Hth December l8oj, to Amount of jC>*3*.77*. 6. 10 ......

fcjr BALANCE for Commission, Brokerage, Poftege, end Iofurance of Bills on receiving and remitting Two Dividend, of £.1,500. 16. 10 Englift. for Si, Month. Wft on £.60,033. 13. S. Englidi, to *Jth Much and ajth September 1803 ....

Appendix, (No. 35 ) 120 Martiit

continued.

£• «• d.

*4tf<3 »9 —{

44 1 10,

£. *14.95* 10J

An ACCOUNT of the Whole Expences attending the Execution of the Powers vetted in th'- Commissioners for reducing the National Debt $ and of the C erks and other Officers appointed by them 3 and of the Annual Allowance for their Service.

fer. Vickers, Secretary, per annum Robert Deey, Broker, - D°

£• '• d.

200 i— --

IOO -

Commission, Brokerage, Poftige, and Insurance of Bills on receiving and admitting Two Dividends of £1,500. 16 10. Engiiffi, for Six Months Interest on £ 60,033. 13. 8. English, to 25th March and 25th September 1803 ----- £*44 1

Pottage here - - - - -—4 —

Stationary and Incidental Charges, from 25th December 1802 to 24th December 1803 ——

44 j 10 ji 16 j\

356 * sk

Ax ACCOUNT of feXPIRED TERMS ud ANNUITIES, 1785.

Short Annultiet) expired 15th December 1797, yearly ... £.2,150 — —*

BaounaH■

Jth January 1804.

Jer. Vkkeri,

Secretary.

An ACCOUNT of the Progress made in the Tl EDUCTION of the PUBLIC FUNDED DE BT of Ireland, to the 5th of January 1804;

Distinguirtjing the Capitals of the several Funds; how much of each Fund respectively has been Redeemed t the Total Sums paid on Account thereof 3 and at what Average Price of Stocks, and what Sums are now applicable to the Reduction thereof; specifying their Annual Amount, and the several Portions thereof payable in Dublin*

STOCK. Description of Stock. Total SUMS Paid. Average Price of Stocks, with Interest. Suras Annually applicable in Ireland to the Reduction of the National Debt

FUNDS, CAPITALS. neaeemed oy Sinking Fund. f Annual Income of each Loan. Annual Interest on Stock Redeemed*

Loans prior to 1797 - - 1 £. t. 630,003 17 20,000 d. 10 5 per Cent 3 f ' £. r. do 31,500 3 it 700 — —

Loan of 1797 I 500,000 — — 650,003 17 44*858 7 to I 5 per Cent 555*739 * 39>i*i 1 10 4 *5 *7 9 " A 6 10 69.885 8 4 5>coo 32,200 .3 IX 2,242 18 4

Loan - 1797 . - - . 635,000 56,970 2 4 D* 49*759 *9 3 *7 6 10 x% 6,350 2,848 10 1

Loan - 1798 . - . 328,000 — 23.731 *7 7 D° 21,189 14 4 s. 5 9 3*280 — — 1,186 IX IX

Loan - 1798 - - 1»7*5*95° i»4»i54 13 xo D° 110,855 4 1 89 5 9 Tff 17,159 10 — 6,207 14 8

Loan - 1799 _ . 2,000,000 110,609 13 — D° 101,977 2 IX 9» 3 10 20,000 j.530 9

Loan - 1800 . - r 2,500,000 103,416 1 4 D0 96,274 IX 8 93 1 10 25,000 — — 5,170 26 X

Loan - 1802 - . - 1,770,232 17 1 33,788 14 1 D* 3*344 7 XX 95 14 6 -rg 17,702 6 6 1,689 8

£■ - 1.147.533 7 1 - 1*007,322 — 4 * - 164.377 410 . - T-V—* 57.076 13 4

At the Establishment of the Sinking Fund, £.ico, oco. per annum was granted for the then existing Debts, £.32,364. oney borrowed for Ireland determined by the Government of Great Britain in the Year 1797* *B<^ £-67>635* 4* Wlt" £*2,250, per cmainder of the Debt due by Ireland prior to the Year 1797, without any Reference to the Amount.

The Money borrowed for Ireland by the Government of Great Britain, is not included in the above Statement, being settled d can only be procured from the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt of England.

5th January 1804.

8 Z

U. 8. of which was appropriated to the Reduction of Annum Expired Annuities, which fell in afterwards to

for in England by the Lords of the Treasury of IreltnA

Jer. Vickers,

Secretary.

730

Appendix

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No- 35 )

x 2* Martii, continued.

An ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for the REDUCTION of the NATIONAL DEBT of Ireland, to the

5th of January 1805.—Eighth \ ear.

ACCOUNT of the Commissioners for the REDUCTION of the NATIONAL DEBT, of all Sums which have been Paid to the Bank of Ireland on their Account, and of all Debentures or Stock which have been Redeemed or Purchased by them; together with the Interest accruing thereon; and the Times of their purchasing, redeeming, and paying off the fame; and of the several Prices paid for the same; together with a General State of the Fund, specifying whetherany, and what Money, still remains unpaid to the Bank on their Account, or lies there unapplied by them -.—And all'o, An Account of Annuities for Years, the Terms whereof have expired, and which are by Law continued to the Account of the said Commissioners; together with an Account of the Sums received and paid, and the Stork purchased for each Loan;

__Also, An Account of the Whole Expence attending the Execution of the Powers vested in them; and of all Clerks und other Officers

appointed by them.

For Interest and Cash to the Bank - - Dr. By Stock Bought, or Debentures Turchafed, and c onverted into Stock - - Cr.

Date Calli to their In Ireland In Ireland, . Sum Paid Interest Paid. Total Total

Credit 5 per-Cent. Price. in vV CAPITAL

1804. 27 th Quarter. 3 f-per-Cent. ' > CASH

to the Bank. Capital Stock. Capital Srock. Irish Currency. Days Amount. Bought. Paid.

£- i- d. £. 9. d. £■ '• i £• '*• £• t. d. £• »- d. £• «. d.

Jan. 10. To Calli to Bank, and Stock Bought 41,094 6 - 1,600 — 90. 0 0. 1,440 107 »3 9 1,600 — — *>463 9 —

IL By Stock Bought 1,600 — — D° - 1,440 108 23 *3 5 i,6co — — *,463 13 5

13- By - D° i,6cc — — 9i 5- °* i,4*>c no l4 2 2 1,600 — — 1,484 2 2

j6. By - D° i, Soo — — 91. 10. 0. 1,647 — — 1 *3 27 *7 3 i,8co — — 1,674 17 3

*7- By - D® - - - - 1,050 Do i»5c9 *5 — 114 25 *5 3 1,650 *>535 3

19- By - 0* - . - - - 1,622 4 — 91. 5. 0. i,4?u 5 2 116 25 *5 6 1,622 4 — 1,506 — 8

*3- By 4- D° 1,725 92. 0. 0 >>5*7 — ~ 120 28 7 — 1,725 1,615 7 —

*5 By - D° 1,600 — — 91. 17. 6. 1,470 122 26 *4 9 i,6co 1,496 *4 9

*7* By - D® i,6co — — D° - i,47o 124 27 3 6 1,600 — — M97 3 1,516 18 6

30. By - D» 1,624 15 — 91. 12. 6. 1,488 13 6 >*7 28 5 3 1,624 *5 — 9

Feb. 1. By . D® 1,600 91. 7. 6. hV'* — 129 28 5 6 i,6co — — 1,490 5 6

2. By - D° 300 — — 91. 5. 0. 273 15 — *3o 5 6 10 300 — — 279 1 10

3- By - D® 1,600 — — 91. 2. 6. 1,458 13* 28 *4 3 1,600 —- ■— 1,486 14 3

6. By - Do 1,636 11 5 90. 5. c. M 77 — * *34 30 — 9 1,636 11 '5 1,507 — 10

8. By - D* - - ... - - 1,60a — — 89. 17 6. 1,438 136 a9 16 2 1,600 — — 1 467 16 2

10. By - D* 1,600 90. 0. 0. 1,440 138 30 4 11 1,600 — — 1,470 4 11

*3- By - D° 1,600 — — 90. 2. 6. 1,442 141 30 18 1 j,6oo 1 47a 18 X

15- By - D» 1,600 — — 90. 5 0. 1,444 *43 3* 6 10 1,600 — — L475 6 10

17. By - D° - 1,600 90. 7. 6. 1,446 *45 3* *5 7 i,6od — — *>477 15 7

ao. By - D° 1,600 90. 5- 0 1,444 148 3a 8 9 1,600 — — 1,476 8 9

w- By - D° By - Do " - 1,600 — — 100 — — 89. 17. 6. 90. 0. 0. i>438 I 9° S 150 34 18 7 1,700 1,562 18 7

24. By - D° 1,600 — — 90. 7. 6. 1,446 152 33 6 3 i,6co — — 1,479 6 S

47- By - D° - * - - - 1,690 17 2 90. 10. 0. i»53o 4 7 *55 35 18 — 1.690 17 2 1,566 2 7

29- By D° " - - i,6co —■ — 90. 2. 6. 1,442 *57 34 8 2 1,600 — — 1,476 8 1

Mar. 2. By . D° 1,600 — — D° - 1,442 *59 34 *7 — 1,600 1,476 17 mmm

5- By - D° 1,600 90. 10. 0. 1-448 162 35 10 1 1,600 — — 1,483 10 1

7- By - D° 1,600 — — 90. 15. 0. 1,45a 164 35 18 11 1,600 — — 1,487 18 11

9 By - D° " " * * - - 1,833 19 10 90. 12. 6. 1,662 1 1 166 4* *4 -4 1,833 19 IO *>703 *5 ■}

TOTAL 27th Quarter -£■ 41,094 6 2\ - - 44.3*3 7 5 - 40,16714 3 - 826 11 9i 44,3*3 7 S 41,094 6

28th Quarter.

April a. Half a Year’* Dividend, at c-per-

Cent, on £. 1,106,880. 41. and at 3 \ on £. 20,000. - 8 d. 28,02a — 11

By Stock Bought 2,000 90. 2. 6. 1,802 10 -r 8 2 3 10 2,000 1,804 13 10

4- By - D° By - D® By - D° By - D° By - Do 700 90. 0. 0. 630 10 — *9 2 700 — — 630 19 2

i»3°o 90. 2. 6. 1,171 12 6 10 1 *5 7 *>3co *>*73 8 r

5* 6. - - - 33 *4 1 90. 5. 0. 30 * 4 11 — 1 — 33 *4 * 30 9 4

2,000 — D° - i>*°5 12 3 5 9 2, OCO — j,8o3 5 9

9- 2,000 — — 90. 0. 0. 1,800 — *5 4 2 2 2,000 — 1,804 2 2

10. 11. By - D* By - D« By - D* By - Do By - D® By - Do By - D° By - Do By - D° -By - D* - - _ , 236 l6 3 2,000 — D° - 89. 10. 0. 213 a 7 1,790 16 17 4 10 *3 4 2 236 16 3 2, COO — 213 12 *>794 *3 11

*3-16. 2,000 89. 7. 6. 1,787 10 — *9 5 4 1 2,000 — *»792 *4 1

is! ao. 23. a5- 27. 30. 2,000 ■— D° - 1,787 10 ■— 22 6 6 2,000 — 1,793 *0 6

2,000 — — 89. 10. 0. 1,79° 24 6 11 6 2,000 — 1,796 11 6

2,000 90. 0. 0. 1,800 — — 26 7 2 5 2(CoO 1 — 1,807 2 5

2,000 90. 5. 0. 1,805 29 7 18 11 2,000 i, S12 18 11

2,500 — — D* - 2,256 5 — 3* 10 12 3 2,5CO 2,266 17 3

1 2,600 90. 2. 6. *>343 5 — 33 11 •4 11 2,600 a,354 19 11

2,000 90. 0. 0 1,800 — — 36 9 *7 3 2,000 — 1,809 17 3

May 1/ 2. jt To Qa/h to Bank By Stock Bought By - D° 1 -By - D° By - D° - - 41,094 6 2\ — 2,600 — — 90. 0. 0. 2,340 38 *3 10 7 2,600 *,353 * 7

7. * 2,060 — — 89. 15. 0. 1,848 17 — 40 11 ^5 0 2,0 60 j, S6o 1 9

9. * * * - * 2,000 89. 10. 0. 1,790 43 11 r* 2, LCO i,8ci 15 6

11 By - D° By - D° By - Do D, . D° By - D® By - D° 2,500 — — 89. 15. 0. 2,243 15 — 45 *5 2 2,500 — — 2>*59 3 2

14/ 16. * - - > 2,000 — — 2,000 — 89. 12. 6. 89. 10. 0. 1,792 10 — 1,790 47 50 12 *3 17 *3 6 "it 2 , OCO 2, C ~ 0 — •— 1*805 7 1,803 *3 6 if

18. 2,085 89. 5. 0. 1,860 17 3 5 * *4 *7 — 2, C?5 r>875 *4 3

19. 2,000 89. 0. 0. i,7So 54 14 *5 10 2, C CO — i,79) >5 10

21. * 1,000 D° - 890 — — 55 7 10 8 1,coo — -— 897 10 8

23. Bv - no 2,000 88. 15. 0. 1 *7 7 5 57 *5 12 4 2, CCA 2,790 12 4

43- Half a YcarV Dividend, at C-per- . 2,500 D° - 2,218 15 — 59 20 4 1 2, SO0 1,238 19 1

* C:nc. on £-60,033. 13 s. 8 d.

26. 28. it £.65,036. 91. 10J. Irish _ 1.625 *8 3

By Stock Bought By - D° By - D^ * - 2,000 — 88. 7. 6. 1,767 IO — 62 16 *9 8 2,000 —- ,784 9 t

30- _ * m 2,000 — 88. 5. 0. 1,765 64 *7 10 8 2, COO 1,782 10 8

2,000 87. 15. 0. b7S5 66 18 1 7 2jOCO *>773 * 7

June 1. By - D° 2,000 1,778 11

2. By - D° ' - 88. 0. 0. 1,760 68 18 12 / 2,000 7

5- By - D° _ 500 88. 5. 0. 44* 5 — 69 4 14 6 500 445 *9 6

6. By - D° 2,000 D° - 1,765 72 T9 *4 6 2.COO 1,784 *4 6

8. By - D 2,067 87. 17. 6. 1,816 7 6 73 20 *3 5 2, Ch7 — 1,857 — 11

11. By - D° 2,200 •— 87. ia. 6. 1,927 15 — 75 22 12 2,2CO i,95«> 7

*3- By - D° 2,000 87. 10. 0. *,750 /b 21 7 5 2,0('0 — —* *>77* 7 5

J 5- By - D° 2,000 — *— 87. 12. 6. 1,752 10 — 80 21 18 4 2, CCC — 1,774 8 4

i8 By . Do 2,000 — 88. 15. 0. 1,775 82 22 9 4 2}CC0 i,"Q7 9 4

ao. By . D° 2,800 88. 12. 6. 2,481 10 — 85 32 12 2. SCO 2.514 2 —

0.2. By - D> 2,042 88. 2. 6. 1,799 3 87 24 6 8 i, Si3 ,6 11

T AT . f -£■ 3*195 2 IO 88. 0. 0. 2,811 14 6 S9 3S T9 — 3,195 2 }° 2,850 15 6

* y ‘ al xotn Quarter 70,742 4 7 ~ 78,919 *3 a - 70,309 19 11 - 534 *5 10 78,^19 13 2 .70,844 *5 9

Eft

45 Geo. III. Appendix.

731

Ireland Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt—continued.

For Interest and Calli to the Bank -

Dr

Date

1804.

Jtily 9. 11.

*3*

16.

iS.

20.

23.

*5-

•7-

31*

Auf. 1.

3*

6.

S.

10.

*3-

>5*

17-

20.

22.

*4*

*7*

*9*

■31-

29th Quarter.

To Calli to Bank, and Stock Bough By Stock Bought -By . D°

By - Do By - D®

B? - D®

By - D°

By - D° -

By 2 D°

By - D°

By - D°

Bf

By

By

By

D° D° D° D®

By - D° By - D° By - D° By - D° By - D® By - D° By - D° By . D® By - D® By - D®

Sept. 3. J Bv - D°

5 ! B y - D®

7. By - D®

TOTAL 29th Quarter •

- - - 1 __________

0*i.

3*

I:

xo.

12.

*5-

>7*

*9*

22.

• *4-

•5-

26.

29.

30.

Nov. 2.

5*

7.

9*

12.

14.

i*.

>9

20.

21.

*3*

26.

28.

« 3°* Dec. 3.

5-

7-

10.

12.

*4-

>7*

21.

*4

30th Quarter.

Half a Year’s Dividend, at 5 percent. on £. 1,235,381. 91. 7d> and at 3\ on £. 20,000. -By Stock Bought ...

By

By

By

By

By

By

By

By

By

By

By

By

By

D®

D°

D°

D°

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D#

To Cash to Bank By Stock Bought

By

By

By

By

By

D®

D®

D°

D®

D®

Calli to Bank, and Stock Bought -By Stock Bought ...

By - D®

To Calli to Bank -

Half a Year's Dividend, at 5 percent. on £. 60,033, 131. 8d. is £. 65,036. 9 r. io</. Irish By Stock Bought -

By

By

By

By

By

By

By

By

By

By

By

By

By

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D®

D°

D®

D®

TOTAL 30th Quarter -29th D®

28th D° -» 27th D®

TOTAL 8th Year -

Cadi to their Credit to the Bank.

£■ >• d. 44,6oj 11 9

44,60s 1* 9

lly Stock Bought, or Debentures Purchufed, and converted into Stock

Cr.

31,234 10 9

- J -

*5»675 11 l\

11,458 14 1

*7.47* 7

1,625 18 3

77,466 1

44,605 12 70,742 4 41,094 6

233,908 5 4

In Ireland, 3j-per-Cent. Capital Stock.

In Ireland,

5-per-Cent. Capital Stock.

J.

1,800 87. 12.

i,8co D®

1,800 87. 10.

1,800 88. 0.

1,800 — — 87. 17.

i, 800 88. 0

1,800 88. 2.

1,800 — — 88. 17.

1,83s — 89. 0.

1,847 5 — 88. 15.

600 —* —

88. to. c.

1,800 88. 5. 0.

1,800 — —* D®

2,000 — — D"

1,800 — — 88. 0 0.

1,800 — — 88. 2. 6.

1,800 — — DJ

1,800 D°

1,850 2 4 D°

1,800 00 0° p p

D®

1,968 2 4 D°

1,820 1 7 D®

1,800 87. 17. 6.

1,800 — — D®

1,800 — — 87. 15. 0.

1,661 — 6 87. 17. 6.

49,581 11 9

2.300 a>336 2,362

2.300 *,300

2.300

2.300

*»3°°

2.300

1.300

2.300 150

2.500

2.300

2.300

2.300

2.500

2.300

2.300

2.300

*>550

2.400

2.400

2,4°o

2.400

2.400 2,600

2.400 a, 500

2.400

1.400

2.400 2,436 2,5°° 2,700 2^00

2.400 94

5 9

* 5

86,129 14

49>5Sl 11

78,919 13

44*3*3 7

259,014 6

Price.

vy. w.

89. 12. 6. 89. 10. o. 89. 7. 6.

89. 15. o.

Accruing Interest, per Annum, on D‘ - - D° - - D° -

Half 2 Year due 25th March next

Sum paid in

Irish Currency.

d.

*>577 5 —

i»577 5 —

i»575 -

i*5s4-----

1,581 15 —

1.584 —

1.586 5 —

i*599 *5 — *.633 3 — 1,639 8 8

532 io —

j.593 -

1.588 10 —

1.588 10 —

1,765-----

1.584 -

*>5*6 5 —

1.586 5 —

1.586 5 —

1,630 8 4

1.584 -

1.584 -

1,731 18 10 1,601 13 5

i>5*^*5 —

i>5*i *5 — 1,579 10 — 1,459 * 6

43,682 14 9

Interest paid.

106

108

110

11

*5

1 *7

120

12V 124 127 I 28

129 * 31 *34 136 13* 141 *43 *45 148 150 *52 *55 *57 *59

162

164

166

90. 7. 6. 2,078 12 6

90. 2. 6. 2,105 10 11

00. 0. 0. 2,126 9 6

89. 10. 0. 2,058 10 —

89. 7. 6. 2,055 11

89. 2. 6. 2,049 17 6

89. 0. 0. 2,047

D° 2,047

89. 7. 6. 2,055 12 6

89. 5. 0. 2,052 15 —

D* 2,052 15 -

D° 133 17 6

D» 2,231 5 —

89. 7- 6. 2,055 12 6

89. 7. 6. 2,055 11

89. 11. 6. 2,061 7 6

9O. O. O. 2.250

89. 15. 0. 2,064 5 —

90. O. O. 2,070

D° 2,070

D® 2,295

89. 17. 6. 2,157

90. 0. 0. a, 160 — —v

89. 17. 6 *>*57

90. 0. 0. 2,160 — —

89. 17. 6. 1,157

89. 15. 0. *.333 *° —

89. 10. 0. 2,148

89. 5. 0. 2,23* 5 —

DJ 2,142

D° 2#l42

89. 17 6* *>*57

D° 2,189 12 3

2,243 *5 — 2,419 17 6

2,148 — —

2>i45-----

84 14 11

77,192 10 1

43,682 14 9 70,309 19 11 40,267 14 5

2 3*452 *9 2

1.3*6,547 *3 7

20,000 ——

1,406,547 13 7

Amount.

£. J.

26 2

26 12

27 2

27 17

28 7 *8 17 —

29 11 9

30 1 7

3* 3 4 32 2 7 10 10 5

31 16 2

32 6 —

33 *0

37 5 2

34 —

34 *5

35 5

35 *5 37 *0

36 19 8

37 9 7 41 15 10 39 2 10 39 4

39 18 ii

40 S 9 37 IS 4

922 l8 ---

17 IO II 2

4 6

I 11 14 6

II

18 7

II 2 IO 1 9 2 9

— 12 4 10 12 4

10 14 3

11 6 10

* *9 5

14 —' 9

13 10 11

14 3 6

15 2 5

*7 9 3

17 in

18 1 7

18 14

19 7

20 7

22 15

21 13

23 12

23 6

24 -

24 19 8

26—6 27 7 *1 30 13

27 18 *1

28 12 —

* 3

3i

555 16 io{ 922 18 —

534 *5 *°B 826 11 9$

2,840 2 6

Total

CAPITAL

Bought.

1.800 — -

1.800 — — i,8ce — —

1.800 — —

1.800 — —

1.800 -

1.800 — —

1.800 — —

i.*35 -

i>*47 5 — 600 ——

1,800 ——

1,800 — —

1.800 -

2,000 — —

1.800 -

1.800 -

1.800 — —

1.800 — —

1,850 2 4

1.800 — —

1.800 -

1,968 2 4 1,820 1 7

1.800 — —

1.800 -

1.800 -

1,661 — 6

49,58111 9

2.300 — -

*>336 5

2,362 15 -

2.300 -

2,3co —

2.300 —

2.300 —

2.300 —

2.300 —.

2.300 —

2.300 -

150 —.

2.500 —

2.300 —

2.300 — -

2.300 —

2.500 — -

2.300 —-

2.300 -

2.300 — 2,550 —.

2.400 —

2.400 —

2.400 -

2.400 -

2.400 — —

2,600-----

2.400 — —

2.500 — —

2.400 -

2,40®-----

2.400 -

*436 s

2.500 -

2,700-----

a .400-----

2.400 -

94 * 5

lOTAt

CASH

Paid.

1.603

1.603

- ,602

1.611

1,61c

1.612 *,615 1,62, 1,664 1,671

543 —

ds

8

7

5

3

1,624

1.620

1.621 1,802 1,618

1.621

1.621

1.622 1,667

1,620 1,621

*.773

1,640

1,620

16 2

16 — 10 10

5 * — 6

— 4

10 2 1

18

*9

9

»4

16

if

1,621 13 11 1,619 *8 9 *>497 7 10

44,605 12 g

2,080 10 4 2,108 2 x 2,129 *4 —

2.062 XI IX 2,060 7 —

*>°55 4 7 *,053 6 —.

*.°i3 18 7

1.063 3

2.c6i 5

2,061 17

*34 9 2,241 17 2,066 6

8

z

9

10

4

9

2,066 19

2.C7J 6

2,264 — 2,077 * 5 11 2.084 3 6

2,08 2

2,312 9 *.174 * 2,178 1

4

it

9

5

3

11

1

86,129 14 2 49,58* n 9 78,9*9 *3 * 44.383 7 5

259,014 6 6

Capital at 5 per-Cent. -D°, at 3 £ per-Cent. - -

Capital - *

- £.35*013* *3- *c

».*75 »,i79 2,177 2,3 5* 2, *69 2,254

2.165

2.166 2,181 2,215 2,171 2,45° 2,175 2,173

85

9

ix S

x 1

13 11

7

10

134,293 1 8

69,317 7

70c-----*

;c,c2* 7 8

5th January 1S05*

Jer. Vickeis, | Secretaries,

Appendix,

(N°- 35-)

12° Mariii\

continued.

19 8 12 9 2 11

* S 18 11 12 — 18 2*

77,748 6 nf 44,605 is 9 70.844 15 9. 41,094 6 if

Geo. Palmer, Junr

732

Appendix.

A. 180,

o.

Appendix,

(No. 35.)

12° Mart ii,

continued.

Ireland_Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt continued.

D,........./.........SINKING FUND TO LOANS

- C'.

1804.—LOANS prior to 1797-

to Six Months Interest on £. 5*3»837- *• *• Stt*k> 5-per-Cent. per annum) due 15th March 1S04 -

To Sis Month* Interest oh £.641,295. *• 1*. Stock, 5-per-Cent. per annum, due 25th September 1804 -

To Ono Year's Interest on £. *0,000. Stock, 3 { percent. per annum, due 25th September 1804 -

To One Year'* Interest, at 5-per-Cent. on £.60,033. *3.8. English, is £. 65,036. 9. 10. Irish, due 25th September 1804 -

To One Yeart I (Tue of the Sum appropriated to Jiurchafe Stock in Ireland by 37 Oto. III. due 29th September 1804 -

To One Year’s I flue of Expired Annuities, due 29th September 1804 -

To Charges received, which were carried down as Balances in the Year 1800, of £.44. o. 11.; and in the Years 1801, 1802, and 1803, of £.44* I. 10. each

To Profit on Exchange -

1804.—L O A N of 1797, for £. 500,000.

To Six Months Interest on £.46,208. 8. o. Stock, 5-per-Cent. per annum, due S5th March 1804 -

To Six Months Interest on £. 50,277. 3. xi. Stock, 5 per-Cont. per annum, due 25th September 1804 -

To Cash paid the Bank, baing One Year’s Appropriation of i-per-Cent. due 29th September 1804 -

* 1804.—LOAN of 1797, for £.635,000.

To Six Months Interest on £. 58,684. 13. 6. Stock, 5‘-per-Cent. per aunum^ due 25th March 1804

To Six Months Interest on £.63,852. o. 11. Stock, 5-per-Cent. per annum, due 25th September 1804 -

To Cash paid the Bank, being One Year's Appropriation of 1-per-Cent. due 29th September 1804

1804.—L OAK of 1798, for £. 328,000.

To Six Months Interest on £.24,617. 10. 2. Stock, 5-per-Cent per annum, due 25th March 1804

To Six Months Interest on £. 27,128. o. 8. Stock, 5-per-Cent. per annum, due 25th September 1804 -

To Cash paid the Bank, being One Year's Appropriation of 1-per-Cent. dee 19th September 2804

1S04.—L O A N of 1798, for £. 1,715,950.

To Six Months Interest on £. 128,787. 18. 4* Stock, 5-per-Cent per annum, due 25th March 1804

To Six Months Interest on £, 142,921. 17. a. Stock, 5-per-Cent. per annum, due 25th September 2804 -

To Cash paid the Bank, being One Year's Appropriation of i-per-Cent. due 29th September 1804

1804.—LOAN of 1799, for £.2,000,000.

To Six Months Interest on £. 116,009. 16. 8. Stock, 5-per-Cent per annum, due 25th March 1804

To Six Months Interest on £. 130,368. 6. 4. Stock, 5-per-Cent. per annum, due 25th September 1804 -

To Cash paid the Bank, being One Year’s Appropriation of i-per-Cent. due 29th September 1804

1804.—-LOAN of 1800, for £.2,500^00.

To Six Months Interest on £. no, 166. 5. n. Stock, 5-per-Cent. per annum, due 25th March 1804

To Six Months Interest on £. 127,143. 19. 3. Stock, 5-per-Cent. per annum, due 25th September 1804 ..

To Cash paid the Bank, being One Year’s Appropriation of i-per«Cenu due 29th September 1804

1804.' LOAN of 1802, for £. 1,770,132. 17. 1.

To Six Months InteTeft on £. 38,568. 9. 11. Stock, 5-per-Cent. per annum, due 25th March 1804

To Six Months Interest on £.49,491. 17. ,0. Stock, 5-per-Cent per annum, due 25th September 1804 -

To Cash paid the Bank, being One Year’s Appropriation of i-per-Cent due 29th September 1804

LOAN of 1804, for £.1,404,531. 5. o.

T° "rth‘ Intt"ftJon <£• 3>9°l- O. 7. Stock, 5-per-Cent. per annum, due 15th September ,804. -

To Ctfli paid the Bank, being Haifa Year’. ApproprU-tion of i-pepCent. due ,9th September 1804 .

5th January 1805,

CASH

Received.

£. a. d. I4>595 18 7

16,032 7 7 700 — —

3,151 16 6

*7*35 * 4

,*50 — —

176 6 j

S08 9lt

TOTAL

Received.

£■ «• d.

*55 4 1 *.15* * 7 5»°c° — —

*>4*7 * 4 *.59* < — 6,350-----*

<15 > 9 *7* 4 -3,180 — —

3,119 ,4 —

3.54* —

17*>59 *0 —

*.900 4 *» S»*59 4 * 20,000 -- —

*>754 3 * 3,178 12 — 25,000 — —

964 4

1,i3y ft —

17,702 6 6

97 «i 6

7,022 13 11

104,850 7 4

74»* * 9

9*4*3 t 4

4.573 9

•3>9*7 4

*6,159 9

1°>93* 15

*9s903 16 8J

7,1*0 4 71

1804.—LOANS prior to 1797.

By Stock purchased between <2 5th December 1803 and 25th December 1804 -

1804.—LO AN of 1797, for £. 500,000.

By Stock purchased between 25th December 1803 and 25th December 1804 ....

1804-—LOAN of 1797, for £.635,000.

By Stock purchased between 25th December 1803 and 25th December 1804 ....

134,293 1 8

1804.—L O A N of 1798, for £. 328,000.

By Stock purchased between 25th December 1803 and 25th December 1804 -

1804.—LO AN of 1798, for £. 1,715,950.

By Stockpurchased between 25th December 1803 and 25th December 1804 -

1804-—LOAN of 1799* for £. 1,000,000.

By Stock purchased between 25th December 1803 and 25th December 1804 -

1804.—L O A N of 1800, for £. 2,500,000.

By Stock purchased between 25th December 1803 and 25th December 1804 -

1804.—LOAN of 1802, for £. 1,770,232. 17. 1.

Bp Stock purchased between 25th December 1803 and 25th December 1804 -

1804.—LOAN of 1804, for £. 1,404,531. 5. o.

By Stock purchased between 24th June 1804 d 25th December 1804 -

L 1. d.

H5>944 >6 6

8,196 — 5

10,408 18 it

5*055 *7 3

26,450— 6

28,908 4 6

34,172 18 2

21,976 10 8

7,900 19 7

7i4» 3

9*4*3 4

4*573 3

23,917 4»

*6,157 3

30,931 i>

15

*9>9°3

it i\

7,110 4

Jtr. Vickers,

Geo. Palmer, Jun.

Secretaries.

43 6ko.1II.

Appendix.

733

Ireland -Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt-co»f»W.

Dr

A GKNERAL STATE of the FUND for the REDUCTION of the NATIONAL DEBT - -

——-----"

To ISSUE, by Act 37 Geo. III. appointing the Commissioners:

One Year, to and for 29^1 September 1804 -

N To issue on Loan of £. 500,000. by the Bank of Ireland, by Act

i paired 6.h June 1797:

1 One Year, to and for 29th September 1804 -

1 To Issue on Capital Stock of £.635,000. created'by Loan under the lart reciri-d Act:

| One Year, to and for 29th September rSe>4 -

To issue on Expired Annuities:

I One Year, to and for 29th September 1804 -

To Iilue on Loan of £.328,000. by the Bank of Ireland, by Act | passed 4th Juae 1798:

I one Year, to and for 29th September 1804

To issue on Capital Stock of £. 1,715,950. created by Loan under I the last recited Act:

' One Year, to and for 29th September 1804

1 To issue on Caoital Stock of £.2,000,000. created by Loan, by Act pall'd 7th M.iy 1799:

I One Year, to and for 29th September 1804 -

*To Issue on Capital Stock of £. 2,500,000. created by Loan, by

Act palVd ilf August 1800:

1 One Year, to and for 29th September 1804 - -

To issue on Capital Srock of £. 1,770,232. 17. 1. created by Loan,

I by Act passed 3d Jui.e 1802:

One Yea*-, to and for 29th September 1804 -

To Issue on Capital Stock of £. 1,404,531. 5.. o. created by Loan, by Act pdfl'-u T6th May 1804:

Half a Year, to and fur 29th September 1804 -

To INTEREST on STOCK Purchased:

In IRELAND:

For Six Months, to 25 March 1804, on £. 1,106,880^ 4. 8.

at 5-per Cent. - - £. 27,672 — 1}

For Six D* - to 25 Sepr. 1804, on £. 1,235,381. 9. 7.

at 5-per-Cent. - 30,884 xo 9

For One Year, to 25 Sept. 1804, on £. 20,000. 0. o.

at 3 Uper-Cenc. - 700 — —

In ENGLAND:

For Six Months, to 25 March 1804, on £. 65,036. 9. 10.

at 5-pei-Cem. - - - - £. 1,625 8* 3

Fot Six D* - to 25 Sept. 1804, on £. 65,036. 9. 10.

at 5-per-Cent. - 2,625 18 3

CL

To Charges received, which were carried down as Balances, in the year iSoo, of £.44. o. 11.5 and in the years 1801, 1S02, ami 1S03, of £.44. 1. 10. each -

To Profit on Lxchange -

£. s. d.

67,635 8 4

5,000 — —

6,35°-----

2,250 — —

3,280 —» -•

17,159 8° —

20.000 — —

25.000 — — 17,702 6 6

7>M 23 14

7 4l

176 6 s 208 9 IX

»34,»93 1 8

By PAYMENT for Debentures Bought, and Stock Purchased. from 15th December 1803 to 14th December 1804, to Amount of £.159,014. 6. i ......

Am ACCOUNT of the Whole Expences attending the Execution of the Powers vested in the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt; and of the Clerks and other Officers appointed by them; and of the Annual Allowance for their Service.

Ter. Vickers and Geo. Palmer, jun. Secret trips, per annum Robert Dcey, Broker - -- - D° -

Commission, Brokerage, Portage, and Iflfurance of BiHs on receiving and remitting two Dividends of £.1,500. 16. 10. English, for Six Months Intereflon £. 60,033. 13. 8. Lnglish, to 25th March and 25th September 1S04 - - £. 44 1 10

Portage here - - - - "5 —

Stationary and Incidental Charges, from 25th December 2803 to 25th December 1804 ——

£. ,. d. 200 — — 100 — —

44 6 10 12—9

3S* 7 7

Appendix,

(No. 35.)

ii* Martiit

continued.

£• 1:4.193 i

An ACCOUNT of EXPIRED TERMS and ANNUITIES, 1785s

Short Annuities, expired 25th Decemberj 797, yearly

- £ *,*50 —

5th January 1805.

Jcr* Vickers, Geo. Palmer,

■ I

Jun. j

Secretaries.

An ACCOUNT of the Progress made in the REDUCTION of the PUBLIC FUNDED DEBT of Ireland, to the 5th of January 1805;

Distinguishing the Capitals of the several Funds 5 haw much of each Fund respectively has been Redeemed } the Total Sums paid on Account thereof j and at what Average Price of Stocks, and what Sums are now applicable to the Reduction thereof; specifying their Annual Amount, and the several Portions thereof payable in Dublin.

STOCK Redeemed by Sinking Fund. Description of Stnck. Total SUMS Paid. Average Price of Stocks, with Interest. Sum* Annually applicable in Ireland to the Reduftioa of the M arional Debt;

FUNDS. CAPITALS. ^Annual Income of each Loan. Annual (nterest on Stock R' deemed.

Loans prior to 1797 -Loan of 1797 - 0 0 8 0 1 . 1 I- »• 745.948 14 4 20,000 — — 5-per-Cent. si - - - . - £. 1. d. 37,297 8 8 700

765,948 14 4 53.°54 7 6 5-per-Cont. 660,590 6 2 46.593 4 1 86 4 10-ri 87 »6 5 A 69,885 8 4 5,000 37>v97 * 8 2,652 14 4

Loan - 1797 - 635,000 — — 67.379 > 3 - D° 59>x73 7 7 *7 >6 j-.’f 6,35 3.368 19 1

Loan - 1798 - 328,000 — — 28,787 14 IO - D° 25,763 7 1 89 9 101*5 3,180 L439 7 9

Loan - 1798 I>715>95° 150,604 14 4 - D° 134,7a* 9 — 89 9 >°T« 17,159 10 — 7.530 4 9

Loan - 1799 - 2,000,000 — 139»517 17 6 - D° 128,136 12 — 91 16 I07J? 20,000 6,975 17 10

Loan - 1800 - 2,500,000 — — 137,588 19 6 - D° 127,207 6 10 91 9 »U 25, CCO — 6,879 9 —

Loan - 1802 1,770.232 17 I 55*765 4 9 - D° 51,148 4 7* 93 '3 jot? 17,702 6 6 2,788 5 3

Loan - 1804 ----- 1,404,531 5 — 7,900 29 7 . D° 7,>10 4 7i 9° 1 4 TZ 14,045 6 3 395 1 —

— >>406,54713 7 . 1,241,615 2 — - 178,422 11 1 70,027 7 8

M

to

Th and c-i

to the Reduction of which fell in afterwards

At the Tirtubfifttm^nt of the Sinking Fund, £. ico, oooo. per annnin was granted for the then exjfting Debts, .£. 32,364. 11. 8. of which was appropriated ' ney b>>;roved for Ireland by the Government of- Great Britain in the year 1797* an^ £• 67,635* 8* 4* w*lh £. 2,250. per annum Expired Annuities, w n<

Remainder i f the Debt due by Ireland prior to the year 1797, without any reference to the Amount

"* M >ney borrowed for behind by the Government of Great Britain, is not incluJed in the above Statement, being settled for in England by the Lords of the Treasury of Irclan

o.iy be procured from the CommissioncTS lor reducing the National Debt of England.

Tt<r I irlrrr.t *1

5th January 2S05.

Jcr. Vickers, 1 _

Geo. Palmer, Junr i ecretar

' VOL. 60.

9 A

734

Appendix.

A 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 36.)

140 Martii.

Jovis, 140 die Martii, 1805.

RESOLUTIONS reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raism*

the Supply granted to Ills Majesty.

1. RESOLVED, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to Ilia Majesty, the Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize (not being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain) and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof from Ireland; and also the Duties payable upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Ireland; and also the Duties granted by an Act of the last Session of Parliament upon Ships, Vessels, or other Bottoms, trading to Ireland from any Country whatsoever, over and above all other Duties payable on the tonnage thereof, and upon Entries Inwards and Outwards in the Port of Dublin over and above all Fees payable on the fame; and also the Bounties and Allowances granted, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, on the Exportation of certain Manufactures of Ireland, and on the Importation of Bark or Hemlock for Tannen use, do cease and determine; and that the several and respective Duties, Drawbacks, Allowances, and Bounties following, be paid and allowed in lieu thereof; Viz.

' 1. SCHEDULE (A.)

A SCHEDULE of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, therein enumerated nr deferjbed (not being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain) and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the due Exportation thereof from Ireland.

1. Schedule (A.)—Inwards,

A.

Adianthum

the lb.

Alum, Roch -

Amber -

Ambergris

Ambra Liquida

Anchovies

Angelica

Annotto

Antimonium; viz.

-----Crudum .... the cwt.

-----Preparatuin, or Stibium - the lb.

Apparel - for every £. 100 of the value

And an additional Duty, by the lb. or by the yard, on the materials of which such Apparel is made, according to the respective Rates to which such materials are subject.

Apples - - -' -

-----dried -

Aquafortis -Algol -

Ariliolocbia, or Birth wort

the buftiel the buftiel the cwt. the cwt. the lb.

Arrow Root, the cwt. viz.

—— -----of the growth or produce of the British

Plantations or Colonies in America

■ 1 -----of any other country -

Arsenic ...... the cwt.

Aflafoetida - - - the lb.

Afarnm Root - the lb.

Asphaltum, or Bitumen Judaicum - - the lb.

A lies

for every £. 100 of the value

B.

- the cwt.

- the 1,000 the lb.

Bacon and Hams -Balls; viz.

" Tennis Balls -

- bathing Balls Ball am, the lb. viz,

-----Artificial ——

----- Canada -

-----Copaiva. or Capivi -

-----— Natural -

-----not otherwise enumerated or described, - for every £. 100 of the value

Band Strings, and Band String Twist, - - the dozen

knots; viz.

-—- Strings

-----String Twist -

-—.-----if of Silk, or mixed with Silk, a further

Duty by the lb. as Silk Manufactures.

Agates; viz.

-----Rough, small as a Bean - the 100 dozen

-----Rough, large - the piece

-----Rough, or polished, not otherwise described - for every £. 100 of the value Alkali, not particularly enumerated or described - for every £. 100 of the value Alkanet Root - the lb.

Alkernies, Confe&io - the oz. Troy

-----Syrup ----- the lb.

Almond Paste - - for every £. lots of the value

Almonds, the cwt. viz.

-----Bitter -

-■ . — Jordan -

-----in the* Shell -

-----of any other fort -

Aloes, the lb. viz.

■ - SuecotriAa, or Socotorina -

Hepatica, and any other fort

- the cwt.

- the lb.

- the oz. Troy

for every £. 100 of the value

- the barrel of 16 lbs. of fish

- the lb.

- the lb.

Duties. Drawbacks.

£■ s. d. £• s. d.

O 0 4 0 0 3

0 5 2 0 3 8

O 0 2 0 0 1

20 5 4 16 13 4

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 6 0 0 4

0 1 7 0 1 2

0 2 4 0 2 2

33 0 0 29 8 0

1 2 1 0 19 10

2 6 8 1 19 8

0 13 6 0 10 3

1 6 6 1 4 2

0 1 8 0 1 7

0 0 10 0 0 9

0 9 8 0 8 7

*0 0 1 ii 0 0 io|

0 2 2 0 2 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 5 0 0 3 6

0 0 3l 0 0 2j

0 0 6 0 0 5

0 9 0 0 7 6

0 0 *1 0 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 8

0 1 5

0 3 7

0 6 3

0 0 5

0 11 8

1 3 4

0 8 3

0 0 7

0 0 5

0 0 5

20 5 4

0 11 7

1 1 4

0 0 6

0 1 7

0 0 74

0 1 5«i

0 2

33 0 0

0 8 3

0 3 5

005 o 011 000 0 4 o 004

o 10 8

0 9 4 o 6 o o o o

o

6

4

0 0 4

16 13 4

0 9 7

0 12 4

0 0 5

0 1 4

0 0 H

0 1

0 2 >4

29 8 0

0 6 9

0 3 2

1. Schedule (A.)—Inwards.

Bark; viz.

-----Red Mangrove, in calks not less than - 150 lbs.

-----not otherwise enumerated or described, - for every £. 100 of the value Basket Rods, the bundle, not exceeding three feet in circumference at the band

Baskets; viz.

-----Hand Baskets - the dozen

-----Wicker Baskets, for every £. 100 of the value

Ball Ropes ----- the cwt.

Battery, Baftirones, and Kettles - - the cwt.

Beads; viz.

----- Amber -

Arangoe t

Bone, or Box

Coral

Cryllal

Glass

Jalper

Jet -

- the lb.

for every £. 100 of the value

- the great gross

- the lb.

- the i ,000 for every £. 100 of the value

- the 100 stones

- the lb.

-----not otherwise enumerated or described - for every £. 100 of the value

Beer, the barrel of 32 gallons; viz.

---Mum -

---Spiuce Beer ——

---or Ale of all other forts ——

Benjamin ----- the lb.

Bergamot, ElTence of - - - - the lb.

Berries; viz.

-----Bay ----- the cwt.

— ---Juniper ----- the cwt.

-----not otherwise enumerated or described - for every £. 100 of the value Birds, Singing Birds - the dozen

Blacking ...... the cwt.

Bladders - - - for every £. 100 of the value

Blades, the dozen; viz.

—■ (of Foils -

----- for Razors -

Blankets, or Blanketing - - the square yard

Bole Armoniac, or Armenian Bole - the cwt. Bones and Hoofs of Cattle - for every £. 100 of the

value

Books, the cwt. viz.

----- bound -

-----unlxjund - -

Borax, refined ----- the lb.

-----unrefined, or Tincal the lb.

Bottles; viz.

-----of Earth or Stone - - the dozen bottles

-----* of Glass, covered with wicker - for every

£. 100 of the value

— ----- Green or common Glass Bottles, full or

empty, not of less content than one pint, and not being Phials, - for every £. 100 of the value

Bowls or Buckets of \\ ood, not bound with iron - the

dozen

Boxes; viz.

-----Drafting Boxes -

for every £. 100 of the value

the gross of 12 dozen nelis,-each nest of 8 boxes the gross of 12 dozen nests, each nelt of 4 boxes Sand Boxes - - the gross of 12 dozen

- Snufl Boxes, not being gold or hiver - for every f 100 of the value Bracelets, or Necklaces of Glass - - for cvevv

Nest Boxes, Pill Boxes,

Duties. Dra*baiU

C *• rf. £■ «.i

0 0 00 0 0 3i

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 1 6 0 1 4

0 1 3 0 1 1

20 5 4 16 13 4

0 1 9 0 1 4

3 n 54 3 i k|

0 7 4 063

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 10 10 0 9 3

0 11 (JJ 0 7

1 1 0 18 Oj

83 16 5 80 4 5

Ol8 8 0 12 9

0 18 0 1 s

33 0 0 29 8 0

1 1 4 0 18 6

1 10 10 1 7 6

Q 11 2 0 10 0

0 0 10 008

0 3 ‘I 0 3

062 0 5,2

0 1 1 0 0 11

•20 5 4 10 13 4

0 3 io 0 2 4

0 15 7 0 13 4

20 5 4 16 13 4

029 026

0 2 2 0 1 10

176 1 6 9

0 5 7i 050

*054 16 13 4

2 0 2

1 17 0 1 n 4

0 0 10 008

004 0 04

0 3 1 027

83 16 4 80 4 4

83 4 So 4 4

013 0 1 1

20 5 4 id 13 4

0 17 2 0 14 n

022 0 0 8

047 0 4 2

33 0 0 29 8 ®

£. too of the value [83 16 5

So 4 5

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix

735

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, &c.—continued.

l. Schedule (A.)—Inwards.

33

o

o

© o

5 9 2 ‘2

5 10

6 4

l 6 1 8

33 o o

.'6 8 o

o

Ligneu

Cafmr, - the lb.

Catlings, or Lutestrings - the grols of 12 dozen knots Cattle olive; viz. Bulls, Cows, Oxen, or Steers - for every £.100 of the value

Caviare ...... the cwt.

Chalk - - for every £. loo of the value

Chaiulets, the yard; viz.

—----- unvvatend, or Mohair -

-----watered " ,

-----half Siik, half Hair -

——-----and if made of, or mixed with Silk. - a fur-

ther Duly by the lb. as Silk Manufactures Cheese - ... the cwt.

Cherries ----- the cwt.

Chelis of Iron, fniall - .- the piece not exceeding in

length one yard

-----— large - the piece exceeding in length

one yard

China Root the

o o o o o l

o 3

* 3

3 9

o 19 i o 12 8 o 211

o 3?

Brass Manufactures, not particularly enumerated or described - - for every £. 100 of the

value

Bricks ...... the 1,000

Brimstone ----- the cwt.

Brililes, the dozen lbs. xiz.

- ---— du-’i-d -

- - . id Mnlcovy or Russia, imported in

Foreign Shipping -----rough, or undie:h*d

- - - ol Mukovv or Russia, imported in

foreign Shipping -Bronze f igures and \\ares - - for every £. 100

of the value

Brooms, f lag Brooms or Whilk'Brooms, - for every

£• loo of the value

Bugle, groat ...... the lb.

-----imali or feed «... the lb.

C.

Cables, tarred or nnt 1 rml - the cwt.

Cuddas or C.ewc! Rioh.tml, the dozen pieces, not exceeding i£ mein s m tmadth, - ea. li piece

of 36 yards

-----and if of S;ik, or mixed with Silk,- a further

Duty by the In. ,13 5>iIk MaiiUl.a turos.

CatToy - - the yard

— and1. 1 k»R, or mi c 1 with Nik, - afuiiher

i uiv tr. t..e lb. as ".h; Manufactures.

Cithimus ----- the lb.

Chile 01, the - ai d; l iz.

-----prm I, paliiM-d, ft a red, i*r dyed, or partly

i< >i

CanrDtto, h Ji S. k, half 11 ir - - the yard

-----amid iiothei i utv by the lb. as Silk

M. ini iuli;rcs.

CanioiivV I!)* is - the lb. 0 0 2

Campt me I i. viz.

- --- r \ ;*u ----- o

-----um 1 - - o

C.nnilcs, the c\\ i.; iz.

-----'l\lm* -W ...... ‘

Candlewh k - the cwt.

C*m*s; vtz.

-----I. a t 1 ns - - - - the 1,000 1 6

----- lb-id C.nes - - - - the t,o«< «> o 4

-----walk n_ ‘ iTir*’. not being mount* d - the i.iko 3 o 11 {

Cans of w<uh1, not hound with iron - the d'/en o l Cantharides ----- the lb. o 2 3.;

Capers - - the lb. O O 3 (

Caps of Cotton, woollen, or worried - - for every

£. 100 of tlu* value [44 o o Cardamoms ----- the lb.

CV'-iU, PUving Cards - the (io/en pa> ks

•-----umi lmther - - for every lb. weight thereof

Carpets of lir. Key, less than lour curds kpiare, - the

carpet

-----four yards llpiare, or upwards, tlje

carpet

—r— — not particularly enumerated or described, for every £, 10 oi the v.due Carriages, with or without the appurtenances, - for every £. loo of the value

— —-----and further on the Ilamcts, it of Siik or

Leather, the Duties by the lb. according to their refj. ‘wive rates.

Casks, emnty - - the tun of 252 gallons content

C atria; tin* ib. xiz.

----- Buds -

----- Fibula -

Duties.

£ «. d.

Drawbacks.

£• i. d.

29 8

° 5

o 1

o 1

6

3

o to o 2 7 G

211 4

0164

o 1 3

2 1 7

003

0 10 10

1 10 7

33 o 20 5

5 9

7

5

5i

iJ

1 11

20 5

o 9 20 5

o o o 1

4

o|

4

9

3

2

1 13 4

2 10 7 o o

o 1

29 8

17

o

o

8

o

2

o

5

*1

8

o lG 9

9 5

021

O 2|

4 n

011?

o bj

0 13 5

1 6 3

005

1 5 ni

O 1 2$

o 1 g\

O O 3§

40 8 o

012

2 1 7

003

0 5 10

1 3 n

29 8 o

1613 4

o 411

©07

004

o 1 4i o 2 ioi 0 12

l6 13 4

o 6 8j 16 13 4

007

O Oil

018

018

038

9 4

230

00

1. Schedule (A.)—Inwards.

China—continued.

China, Porceluine, or Earthen Ware, not particularly enumerated or defenbed, or otherwise charged with Duty, - - for every £. 100 of the vidue

Chocolate ...... the lb.

Cider, - - - - the tun of 252 gallons

Cinnabaris Nativa - - - - the lb.

Cinnamon ...... the lb.

Citterns of Latten - - - - the lb.

Citron, preserved with salt - - - for every

£. 100 of the value Civet - - - - the 02. troy

Clocks; for every £. 100 of the value, riz.

-----of wood ——

-----not of wood -

Cloves ...... Xbe lb.

Coals, Culm, or Cinders - the ton

Cobalt, or Zaftre - - for every £. 100 of the value

Cochineal - - the lb.

Cocoa Nuts ----- the lb.

Coculus Indicus ----- the lb.

Cotlee, the lb.

-----the produce of any Britishi Colony or Plantation in America -

-----the produce of any other country or place -

Columbo Root ----- the lb.

Combs of Ivory - - for every £. 100 of the value

Comfits -----. the lb.

Copper, the cwt. xiz.

----- Ore -

----- unwrought, viz.

----- - - - Copper Bricks, Rose Copper, and

all call Copper -

----- - - - in plates, and Copper Coin -

----- part wrought, hammered or raised, bars, rods,

or ingots -

----- Manufactures, not particularly enumerated or

defenbed, and Copper-plates engraved, for every £. 100 oi the value

Copperas, the cwt. viz.

■-----blue -

green -white -

Coral, the lb. xiz.

-----in fragments -

-----whole, poll (bed - -

-----unpolished -

Cordage, tarred or untarred - - - the cwt.

Cork - - - the cwt.

Corks, ready made - - the gross erf 12 dozen

Cortex, she lb. viz.

----- Anguttura -

-----Eleutherice or Cafc.irilla -

— Limonum or Aurentiorum, or Lemon or

Orange Peel -

----- Peruviunus or Jesuit’s Bark -

----- Simarouba -

----- Winteranus -

— — not otherwise enumerated or described - for every £. 100 of the value Cow-itch ----- the lb.

Cranberries - - for every £. 100 of the value

Crayons - , *- for every £. 100 of the value

Cream of Tartar - - the cwt.

Crvital; viz.

— ----- broken in pieces - the lb.

— ____not particularly enumerated or described - for every £. 100 of the value Cucumbers, pickled or preserved - for every £. 100.

of the value

Currants, the cwt. viz.

-----imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

-----in Foreign Shipping -

Cuttle Bones ----- the 1,000

D.

Dates - ...... the cwt.

Dice ----- for every pair Dimity - for every £. 100 of the value

-----and further - - for every square yard

Down - - - fur every £. 100 of the value

Drapery, the yard, viz.

-----old -

Duties.

Drawbacks.

new

Drawings - - - for every £. 100 of the value

Drugs, not enumerated or described - for every £. 100

of the value

Elephants Teeth -Emery Enamel -Euphorbium

E.

- the lb.

- . - - the lb.

for every £. 100 of the value

- the lb.

£ 1. d. £ 1. d.

44 0 0 40 8 0

O 1 5 O 1 2

8 18 0 8 7 O

0 1 3 0 1 1

0 1 loj 0 1 5i

0 0 8 0 0 6

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 2 9 0 r 8

20 5 4 16 13 4

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 3 3 0 3 0

0 2 7 0 2 0

•20 5 4 16 13 4

0 0 11 0 0 1

0 1 5 0 1 4

0 1 10 0 1 8

0 1 4 0 1 4

0 1 8 0 1 8

0 0 10 0 0 9

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 1 10$ 0 ,1 o{

0 0 7* 0 0 7i

0 6 *1 0 1 n|

0 11 8 0 7 5

1 3 4 0 12

33 0 O ! 29 8 0

0 8 2 0 5 9

0 0 3 0 0 0

0 8 9 0 6 11

0 0 7i 0 0 si

0 8 0 5 oi

0 4 2 0 2 5

0 18 0 0 16 8

0 6 oi 0 5 ik

0 1 11 0 1 10

0 0 2 © 0

0 0 3 0 0 3

0 0 0 0

0 1 3 0 1 1

0 0 7i 0 0 si

0 0 3i 0 0 *2

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 7i 0 0 5*

20 5 4 16 13 4

20 5 4 16 13 4

0 9 11 0 5 11

0 0 7z 0 0 si

33 0 0 29 8 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

1 13 1 12 5l

1 16 4 1 H

0 8 10 0 8 2

1 12 1 1 7 9

1 O 0 1 0 0

20 5 4 16 13 4

0 2 1 0 2 1

20 5 4 i5 13 4

1 8 3 1 7 9

0 7 8 0 7 5

33 0 0 29 8 0

33 0 0 29 8 ©

0 0 2 0 0 1

0 0 1 0 0 1

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 32 1° 0 *2

Appendix,

(No. 36.) 140 Martii, continued.

E—»■ IP

736

Appendix

A. 1805

Appendix,

(No. 36.)

14* Mar

continued.

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, &c.—can tinned.

I. Schedule (A.)—Inwards.

— Cod riih

— Herrings

----- ling -

-----Salmon

Stock -

Fan-mounts, of Leather, for every £• 100 of the value

-----and further - - for every lb. thereof

Feathers, for Beds - - - " cw

----- Oftridge, or Fftridge, the lb. 1 iz.

...... d re fl ed -

...... und refled -

----- Vulture - - for every £. 100 of the value

. --- nut particularly enumerated or described (and

not being Bed Feathers) - - for every

£. 100 of the value Ferret Ribband - - per gross of 12 dozen

—-----if of Silk, or mixed with Silk, - a fur-

ther Duty by the lb. as Silk Manufactures. Figs, the cwt. viz.

—— imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

----- - - in Foreign Shipping -

Fill); viz.

- * the barrel of 32 gallon* for every fix score lish

- the barrel of 32 gallons for every lix score

for every barrel of 32 gallons the 120

not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, and not by any law exempt from Duty - for every £. 100

of the value

Flannel ...... the yard

Flax, the cwt. viz. -

-----■ drelled, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - in Foreign Shipping -

Flint Stones for Potters - - the ton of 20 cwt.

Flocks - the cwt.

Flower Roots - - for every £. 100 of the value

Flowers, Artificial - for every £. 100 of the value

Follils, not particularly enumerated or described - for every £. 100 of the value Frames for Pictures or Prints - for every /. too of the value

Frankincense - - -- - - the cwt.

Fruit, Artificial for every £. 100 of the value Furriers Waite, fit only for making glue - for every

£. 100-of tha value

G.

Galanga * the lb.

Galbanum - - - the lb.

Galls - - the cwt.

Gamboge - - - the lb.

Garnets, the lb. viz.

—^-----Cut -

-----Rough -

Gauze of Thread - for every £. 100 of the value

* -----and further, for every square thereof

Gentian - - - - the lb.

Ginger; viz.

-----of the British Colonies or Plantations in America or the West Indies - the cwt.

-----not of the produce of the British Colonies or

Plantations - the cwt.

-----preserved - the lb.

Ginseng - the lb.

Glass ;• viz.

* -----broken, fit only to be re-manufactured, the cwt.

* ----- Plate Glass, and all other Glass Manufactures,

not particularly enumerated or described, for every £. 100 of the value Glue ----- the cwt.

Grains, Guinea ----- the lb.

Grapes - - - for every £. 100 of the value

Groceries, not particularly enumerated or described, for every £. 100 of the value

Gum; viz.

■--- Ammoniacum - the lb.

----- Animi ...... the lb.

-—Arabic - - -■ -- the cwt.

—— Calhew ----- the cwt.

- - of the growth or produce of the British Weft

India islands, or of the Bahama, or Bermuda, or Somers Hies, - the cwt. Copal, - - for every £. 100 of the value

Klemi Guaiacum -Lac; viz.

----- Cuke I^ac

-----Shellac, or Seed Lac

----- Stick Lac

Opoponax -Sagapenum

Sandrake, or Juniper -

Sarcocolla

Senega

-the lb. the lb.

the lb. the lb. the cwt. the lb. the lb. the cwt.

the lb. the cwt.

Duties.

£■ s. d. £■ s. d.

33 0 0 29 8 0

O 0 4 0 0 4

0 15 10 0 9 5

1 19 7 1 19 7

O 10 74 0 10 74

33 0 0 29 8 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 2 11 0 2 7

0 16 8 0 M 5

0 *7 *4 0 *4 ni

0 5 6 0 4 4

1 2 0 0 16 5

0 6 7 0 0 0

2 4 0 I 9 5

0 10 1 0 8 7

0 . 3 »4 0 2 loj

13 5 7 9 13 7

0 1 1 0 1 0

1 12 5 x 1 8 10

2 1 lo 1 18 3

0 1 l 0 0 10

0 9 9 0 7 0

*5 0 0 25 0 0

33 0 0 29 8 a

20 5 4 16 13 4

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 7 *4 0 6 84

33 0 0 29 8 0

20 5 4 16 13 4

0 0 10 0 0 7

0 0 10 0 0 8

0 8 10 0 3 10

0 0 10 0 0 8

1 4 6 0 18 10

0 7 0 0 6 6

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 9 0 0 9

0 0 2* 0 0 *4

0 17 6 0 15 7

2 0 16 1 19 0

0 0 ill 0 0 9l

0 1 U 0 0

0 1 8 0 l 4

33 id 5 80 4 5

0 5 6 0 3 6

0 0 3 i 0 0 3.{

33 0 0 29 8 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 74 0 0 64

0 0 5 1 0 0 4

0 5 0 1 64

0 5 7 0 2 9

6 3 10 0 1 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 5 0 0 4

0. 1 3 0 1 2

0 0 *1 0 0

0 0 34 0 0 3

0 5 10 0 5 lo

0 2 6 0 2 1

0 0 61 0 0 44

0 *3 1} 0 10 3-i

0 0 61 0 0 44

0 5 *4 0 l 62

Drawbacks.

1. Schedule (A.)—Inwards.

Gum—continued.

----- Tacamuhaca - - - - the lb.

----- TragaCantha ' - - - - the lb.

----- not particularly enumerated or described - for every £. 100 of the value

Gunpowder, the cwt. viz.

-----Corn - -

-----Serpentine -

II.

Haberdashery Wares, not particularly enumerated or described - for every £. 100 of the value

-----,-----—-----if of Silk, or mixed with Silk

further Duty by the lb. Silk Manufactures.

Hair; viz.

-----• Camel, - -

-----• Cow, or Ox -

----- Elk ......

--- Goat, or Turkey Goats Wool

—- Horse -

----- Human -

Hair Powder, the cwt. viz.

plain

— perfumed

the lb. the cwt. the cwt. the lb. the lb. the lb.

the dozen

Handkerchiefs

-----if of Silk, or mixed with Silk - a further

Duty by the lb. as Silk Manufactures

-----if of Muffin, and imported by the Fait

India Company of England, - a further Duty for every square yard

----- if of Muslin, and not imported by the

East India Company of England - a further Duty for every square yard Hand Scoops - - for every £. 100 of the value

Hardware Manufactures, not particularly enumerated or described - for every £. 100 of the value Hartshorn, Spirits of - for every £.100 of the value Hats; x'iz.

----- Bast, Straw, Cane, and Chip Hats, or Bonnets,

for every £. 100 of the value —7 made of, or mixed with Felt, llair, Wool, or Beaver ----- the hat

----- not particularly enumerated or deferihed, the hat

----- if of Silk or Leather, subject to further Duties

by the lb. according to their respective rates Hatbands - the grols

-----if of Silk - - a further Duty by the lb. as

Silk Manufactures.

Hellebore ----- the lb.

Hemp, the cwt. viz.

-----drelled, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

----- - in Foreign Shipping -

-----Cullen or Steel, and all other drelled Hemp,

imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

----- - ... in Foreign Shipping

Hides; viz.

-----Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox, in the Hair, not

tanned, tawed, or in any way drefl'ed - the piece

----- - tanned - - - the lb.

----- Htrfes, Mares, or Geldings, in the Hair - the

piece

----- - ----- tanned - the lb.

----- Lolh - the lb.

----- of Muscovy or Rufllu, tanned - the lb.

----- raw, or undrelVed, of the British Colonies or

Plantations in America, not particularly enumerated or described - for every £. 100 of the value

----- and also on such of the Hides hereinbefore

enumerated, being tanned or drelled in oil (not particularly provided for, and charged as such by the lb.) the following farther Duties; viz.

— -----as tanned - for every 10 lbs.

—— as drolled in oil - - for every lb. thereof

" or pieces of 11 ides not particularly enumerated or described, and not tanned or drelled in oil - - for every £. 100 of the value

— — tanned or drelled in oil, ot what kind loe\er,

and all parts or pieces thereof not being manufactured, and not particularly enumerated or described - - for every £. 100

of the value

Duties. Drawback!

£■ *• (i. £■ ». J.

0 1 3 0 1 1

OO7 005

O O eo CO 29 8 6

3 1* 11 3 5 n

3 6 6 3 3 4

33 0 0 29 8

004 00a

0 9 G 078

0 8 10 0 5 6

002 000

004 003

029 026

4 5 3 17 a

(>32 5 18 11

0 18 8 0 16 n

0 2 1 0 1

0 211 0211

*0 5 4 16 13 4

33 0 0 29 8 0

33 0 0 29 8 9

33 0 0 •29 8 t

1 11 4 1 10 4

069 0 6 t

1 it 11 1 to 5

0 0 24 0 0 i{

l l 8 0 18 6

l 7 2 1 4

1 8 7 1 5 10

1 18 6 1 15 9

018 0 t 2

!>. O O 0 0 5

0l8 0 1 2

0 0 8 006

0 1 3 0 1

0 1 o$ 0 0

3 !9 0 7

012 0 1

0 0 0 0 3

•i0 5 4 16 13 4

-----further, if tanned

• -----it drelled in oil

Hones -

Honey -

Hoops of Iron - T

* -----of Wood -

Hops -

for every 10 lbs. - lor every lb. the 100 of 5 Icore the cwt. the cwt.

• - the 1,000

* - the cwt.

20 5 O I

o o

o

4

2

3

9 11

o 11

o 8 o 3 3 0

id 13 o o o 0 0

0

1

1 2

0 3

7 ‘1

o O

6 10 0 4

5

11

Uj

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

737

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, &c

i. Schedule (A.)—Inwards.

Horns, the loo; viz.

-----Bullulo, Cows, Oxen, or Steers -

*-----*1 laris or Stags -

«----- not purtiruld.lv enumerated or described, and

horn 1 ips - for every £. 100 of the value

Horses, Mares, or Gildings -

each

I. and J»

Jalap ----- the lb.

Japaned or lacqtn red W ares, not particularly enumerated oi deicnbed - - lor every £. loo

of the value

Jet - ...... the lb.

Jewels; viz. Pearls, Kmeralds, Rubies, and all other precious Stones and Jewels (except Diamonds), for every £. loo of the value

Inkle; viz.

- - unwrought - the lb.

---• wror Jit - the dozen lbs.

India RuhLer, or Burracha - - - * the lb.

Indigo ..... the loo lbs.

Ink for Printers - the cwt.

Iris or Orris Boot -

Iron, the C*n ot 20 cwt. viz.

- --in B ir* or unwrought (except of the Britishi

Colonies or of the I nited States ot Anic.ica) ......

—— flit or hc.Tinicred into Rods, and Iron drawn or hammered, lets than $ of an inch square, iaupo. in Shipping of the United Kingdom ......

——— - - - - in Foreign Shipping

•--cart - - for esery £. loo of the value

---Cinders ..... pfr ton.

---Liqimr - - for every £. 100 of the va*ue

---old broken, and olii cad Iron - - the ton

---Ore ----- the tm

- Pig Iron (except of the British Colonies, or of the United States of America) - - the ton

.— Wares, not parliculai !y enumerated or described, for every £• too of the value Ifinglass - the lb.

Juice of Lemons or Oranges - the tun of 25 2 gallons

---of Limes - - - - ti e gallon

Junk, old, in pieces not exceeding 5 fathoms m Itiuth,

the ton

Ivory, unwrought ----- the lb. ---wrought, not particularly enumerated or described - - for every £. 100 of the value

Kelp -

K.

Labdanum -Lace; viz.

-----Bone Lace of Thread

----- . - of Silk

• ---Silk, of all other forts

Lamp black

Lapis Caliminaiis

----- Tutkc

Latten, the cwt viz.

• -----black

-----lhaven

Lavender Flowers Lead; viz.

• ---black -

-----Litharge

• ---Ore -

— pig - .

—— red -

■ ---fla-et -

—— white, or Cerufla -Leather Bafils -----— and further,

■ --— Manufactures,

Leader is tl tanned, or the ton of 20 cwt.

the 11.

the drzni yards the lb. o) 10 oz. the li>. of 16 <*/. - the cwt. the cwt. tin lb.

- - the lb.

- - the cwt.

- - the cwt.

the ton of 20 cwt. the ton of 20 cwt.

- - the cwt.

the cwt.

- - the cwt.

or Manufactures

- - and further - - for every lb. thereof.

4----- - if dressed in oil

Leaves of Gold - the 100 let

——-----of Roles or Violets - - - the

Lemons ----- the 1,

—-----Essence of tl.(

~-----pickled . thr. tr.n of 252 gal

Lentiles -

Lignum QuaflF.ce - * - '

-----Rhodium -

Limes - th<

Vol. 6a.

A \v t

hur:r

Duties. Drawbacks.

£■ *• d. j r. s. d.

° 4 9 035

0 ‘5 7i 0 10 5>

Jo 5 4 6 13 4

24O l 13 0

O 1 3 Oil

33 0 0 - 29 8 0

0 1 3 012

3 19 2 072

0 0 0 009

1 14 lO, 1 li 2

0 O 2» 0 0 2]

0 14 0 OOOO

0 9 9 O 6ll

« 1 3 O IQ 9

O *— K) 00 0 12 8

Ol8 0 Ol8o

0 19 6 0 19 6

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 1 1 010

3 19 2 072

070 060

0 n 10 012

0 12 8 0 12 8

33 0 0 29 8 0

007 e 0 6

3 5 ■2 10 2

OOIO 008

0 19 81 012 6

0 1 10 018

u. c* 0 0 to OO O

0 9 10 0 5 4

0 1 3 0 0 6

1 7 7 0 13 7

11 \i 7 Jo 15 5

7 17 4 7 5

0 15 10 0 13 4

0 4 5 0 3 c

0 0 4 0 0 4

0 17 7 Oil 11

120 0 16 i

004 0 0 t

0 12 1 Oil i

0 3 8 0 3:

0169 0 13 t

1U 5 1 0

0 7 1 0 6

026 0 1

080 0 6 (

3 5 3 3 4

0 0 4 0 0 -

20 5- 4 16 13

004 0 0

009 0 0

0 1 11 0 1

004 0 0

, 0 14 7 0 10

.031 £ 0 2 1

2 15 10 2 2

0 0 1 0 0

! 0 :3 0 6 6

! 0 10 3 0 5

: ! 0 1 ) 0 0 I

Schedule (A.)—Inwards.

4

9

7

4

9

io|

0

1 o

2

tc a c

f Barras, Dutch or Holland, or HdTen Canvas, the 100 ells of 6 score And further, for every square yard thereof Packing Canvas, Guttings, and Spruce Canvas - the 100 ells of 6 fcort And further, for every square yard thereof Poledavies, Spruce, Klbing, or Queenfbo-rough Canvas - the bolt of 28 ells And further, for every square yard thereof 'Of Dutch or Holland making, thevard And further, for every square yard j? J thereof

•5 ] Of Silefla making - - the yard And further, for every square yard _ thereof

Of Du tch or Holland making the yard And further, for every square yard thereof

Of Silefla making the yard And turther, for every square yard thereof

And for and upon all Damask Towelling, Nap-kining, and Cloths, made of Flax or Hemp, the following further additional Duty; viz. Damalk, for e\ ery yard thereof, if the fame be one yard wide or under

----- if the fame be above one yard, and

under two yards wide -- ■—- if the fame he two yards wide, Dr more Of Dutch or Holland making, theyard And further, for ever}’ square yard thereof

Of Silefla making - - the yard

And further, for every square yard thereof

Napkins of Dutch or Holland making, the

dozen

And further, for every square yard thereof Of Dutch or Holland making, theyard And further for every square yard thereof

f Silefla making the yard And further, for every square yard thereof

Drillings and Packducks, the 100 ells of fix score And further, for every square yard thereof Bag Holland of Dutch or Holland making, the ell And further, for every fqu&re yard thereof Oil Cloth the yard

And further, for every square yard thereof And all other Linen Manufactures of Flax and Hemp, not particularly enumerated or described - for every £. 100 of the value And further, for every square yard thereof

U

Liquorice; viz.

.-----Powder

----- Root -

Lupines

M.

the cwt. the cwt. the cwt.

the lb.

the lb.

each the lb.

Mace - -

Madder, the cwt. viz.

— ----- Crop Madder ...

-----Fat ......

-----Mull ......

-----Roots ......

Manna -

Maps ......

Marmalade -

Maliick, the lb. viz.

-----Red -

-----of any other fort -

Mats of Russia, the 100,

-----in Shipping of the United Kingdom

-----in Foreign Shipping -

Matting, theyard; viz.

— -----of Barbary or Portugal -

— ----- Dutch or Holland

________— not particularly enumerated or described, for every £. 100 of the value Mattraffcs - - for every £. 100 of the value

Mead - - - -; - the gal on

Medals - - for every £. too of the value

________and further, if of gold or fdver - the oz. troy

Medlars ...... the bushel

Melatlcs, the cwt. viz.

__________of the produce of the British Colonies or

Plantations in America or the West Indies -

__________ of tue produce of any other place -

Mercury, Precipitate, or Sublimate the lb.

9b

Duties. Draw-backs.

c s. d. £■ s. i.

1 3 3 1 0 6

0 0 V 9 O 0 9

1 0 3 0 18 5

0 0 9 O 0 9

0 6 4 O 4 6

0 0 9 O 0 9

0 2V 9 O 2 6

0 0 9 O 0 9

0 1 7 O 1 3

0 O 9 O 0 9

0 1 1 0 0 11

0 0 . 9 0 0 9

0 0 8 0 0 6

0 0 9 0 0 9

0 0 9 0 0 9

0 1 10 0 1 10

0 2 '8 0 2 8

0 1 11 0 1 7

0 O 9 0 0 9

0 1 *1 0 0 10

0 O 9 0 0 9

0 9 n 0 8 11

0 0 9 0 0 9

0 0 8 0 0 7

0 0 9 0 0 9

0 0 7 0 0 6

0 0 9 0 0 9

1 0 3 0 14 3

0 0 9 0 0 »9

0 2 8 0 2 2

0 0 9 0 0 9

0 2 8 0 2 5

0 0 9 0 0 9

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 9 0 0 9

2 1 3 1 17 8

0 11 0 0 8 4

0 3 9 0 3 3

0 5 0 4

0 7 2 0 4 6

0 5 10 0 3 2

0 1 2 0 0 10

0 8 6 0 5 9

0 0 10 .0 0 9

0 0 2 0 0 1

0 0 l\ 0 0 si

0 0 5 0 0 3

0 0 10 0 0 8

o 18 li o 19 Oi

O O 7| o o $}

20

20

Q

20

O

O

0 5 4 0 10 5 013

16 13 16 13 o o 16 13

O 1 O 1

o 4 t 092 oil

Appendix, (No. 36.) 14* Martii, continued.

o 18 ij

o 18

005

003

GOO^lC

738

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix.

(No. 36.)

140 Martiif

continued*

Schedule of the Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, &c.—continued.

1. Schedule (A.)—Inwards.

Metal; viz,

-Bell Metal - - - the cwt

- - - Leaf Aletal (except of Leat Gold or Silver)

the packet of 250 leaves

_______prepared for Battery - - - for every £.100 of the value

Metheglin ...... th(; Sallon

Millinery Wares, not particularly enumerated or described - for every £. 100 of the value

r. . -__________and a further Duty by the lb. or by the yard, on the materials of which 7 such Millinery Wares shall be made, according to the respective Rates to which such materials are subject. Minerals and Fofiils, not particularly enumerated or described - - for every £. loo of the value

Morells ...... ii'-

Moss, Rock Moss - - -' the ton of 20 cwt.

Mother of Pearl Shells - for every £. 100 of the _ ' value

Mules - •- for every £. 100 of the value

Musical Instruments, not particularly enumerated or described - for every £.too of the value

Mulk ...... the 02. troy

Muslin, plain White, the square yard,

—-----having been imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies -

----- . ———-----not having been so imported

► —being worked or figured, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, Romuls and all manufactures af Cotton, or of Cotton and Linen mixed, whether plain, printed, painted, flamed, or dyed, not being particularly enumerated or described - for every £. 100

of the value

- -■ ■» And further, for every square yard thereof,

If the fame had been imported by the United Company of Merchants of Eng-

Duties.

Drawbacks.

c■ 1. d. & s. d.

0 9 9 0 6 0

0 0 3 0 0 3

20 5 4 16 13 4

O 0 7 0 0 5

33 0 0 29 8 0

>0 5 4 16 13 4

0 1 io| 0 1 7i

1 13 11 > 0 18 1

20 5 4 16 13 4

•20 5 4 16 t3 4

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 3 0 2 5

land trading to the East Indies - Not having been so imported -

Myrrh

Nutmegs

----- -Candied

Nuts; viz.

~r Cashew

-----Chesnuts

—— Piftachia Npts

-----Small Nuts

-—- Walnuts Nux Vomica

N.

the lb.

the lb. the lb.

for every £. leo of the value

- the bushel

- - - the lb.

- - the bushel

the lb. the lb.

a

- the cwt.

the lb. the lb. the lb. the lb. the lb.

- - the oz. troy

- - - the lb.

the tun of 252 gallons

the lb.

• - the lb.

the tun of 252 gallons

• - - the lb.

- - - the lb.

* - the lb.

Oakum Oil; viz.

— of Almonds

— of Amber

— of Annil’eed

— of Carraway Seeds -

— of C aft or

— of Cinnamon -

— of Cloves

— of Hempfeed

— of J diamine -

— of Juniper -

— of Linseed

— of Maqe -

— of Marjoram -

— of Nutmegs -

— of Oranges ...... the lb.

— ordinary Oil of Olives, as Seville, Minorca, Ma-

jorca, Apuglia, Provence, and Portugal, and all other ordinary Oil of Olives, - the tun of 252 gallons; viz.

...... imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- — "in Foreign Shipping ...

— Palm - - thtewt.

of Rapeseed - - the tun of 252 gallons

— of Rosemary ..... the lb

— Salad Oil, the gallon; vii.

" — imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

— —----- - - - in Foreign Shipping -

T- of Saflat ...... the ]b

— Seed Oil, not particularly enumerated or described

the ton of 252 gallons

— of Thyme ...... the lb,

— of rurpentine - - - - the u>o lbs.

* for every 100 lbs,

— of Walnuts - . the gallon

2 11

4 9

0 2 3

046

20 5 4 16 13 4

0 2 1 0 2 1

0 2 11 0 2 11

0 0 10 0 0 9

0 3 0 0 2 1

0 1 2 0 1 1

33 0 0 29 8 4

0 2 6 0 2 2

• 0 5 0 0 4

0 1 iof 0 1 5s

0 1 3 0 0 11

0 1 6 0 1 4

0 1 0 0 0 6

0 0 5 0 0 2

0 0 10 0 0 9

0 1 9* 0 2

0 1 O; 0 0 9r

0 r 0 0 74

0 3 1 i 0 3 0*

0 5 6 0 3 6"

9 7 0 8 1 0

0 2 6 0 1 11

0 0 1 0 0 0

16 10 10 H 11 10

0 3 10 3 6

0 1 uj 0 X 9|

0 6 9 0 3 9

0 2 2 0 1 10

1. Schedule (A.)—Inwards.

8 6 7 6 1 11

9 4 10 7 © 2

0 11 3 0 9 11

16 10 10 13 19 1

0 1 3 0 1 1

0 2 2 0 1 0

0 3 *3 0 3 0

0 1 8 0 1 2

8 16 0 6 16 0

0 1: 0 1 92

1 11 3 1 10 9

1 0 10 l 0 10

0 2 2 0 1 8

Oil—continued.

— all other Oils, being chemical Oils, not particu-

larly enumerated or described - for every £ 100

of the value

— or Blubber from Fish, the tun of 252 gallons; viz.

— - Blubber of Newfoundland, of the Fishing of the United Kingdom, or of the Fishing of Newfoundland -

-----of any other fort, of the Fishing of the United Kingdom -

- - ----- of Foreign Fishing -

-----Fish Oil, or Train Oil, of the Fishing of the United Kingdom -

- - - of Foreign Fishing -

— Spermaceti Oil, or Head Matter, of Fishing of the United Kingdom

-----of Foreign Fishing -

the bushel

- - -• the cwt.

the hogshead of 63 gallons

- - - the bushel

- - the lb.

- - - the gallon

- - - the 1,000

1 - - - the cwt.

- - - the cwt.

Oker, or Ochre Olibanum, or Incense Olives -Onions -Opium 1 Orange Flower Water Oranges -

Orchal -

Orchelia, or Archelia Ore, not particularly enumerated or described - for every £. 100 of the value Origanum ----- the lb.

Orfedew or Frosting - the lb.

P.

Pails or Kits of Wood - the dozen

Painters Colours, not particularly enumerated or described - for every £. lpo of the value Paintings on Glass - for every £. 100 of the value Parted Wares, not particularly enumerated or described - for every £. 100 of the value

Paper; viz.

- -----for and upon every lb. weight avoirdupois,

- - of all Paper fit or proper, or that may

be used for, or applied to, the uses and purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or any of them, and of all Elephant Paper and of all Cartridge Paper

- - of all coloured Papers and Whited Brown

Papers, other than except Elephant and Cartridge Papers, fit or propw for the use or purposes of wrapping up goods, and not lit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to, the uses or purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or any of them

- - of Brown Paper fit and proper for the

use and purpose of wrapping up goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to, the uses or purposes of writing, drawing, and printing, or any of them, and of all Button Paper or Button Board -——■ for and upon every lb. weight avoirdupois,

- - - of Paper fit or proper, or capable of

being used for, or applied to, the uses or purposes of Paper Hangings ----- for every hundred weight,

• — of Pasteboard, Millboard, and Scale-board, and Paper commonly called by the name of Sheating or Sheathing Paper

— - - - of Glazed Paper for clothiers and hot-

preffers -

— — - Gold Paper - the finall gross

-----— Hangings - - for every square yard

*-----of all forts, whether plain, printed, painted

stained, or dyed, and not particularly enumerated or described - for every lb.

Duties. Driwbach,

C d. C 1. 1

33 0 0 if 8 1

048 0 0 0

0 11 7 0 0 0

•23 2 0 16 2 s

0 17 4 000

23 2 0 l6 2 Q

2 6 2 OOOO

*4 5 1 16 18 1

0 1 7 1 2

1 ll 8 1 9 7

3 18 9 2 18 5

0 0 7} 0 0 4

038 0 3 2

0 1 lof 0 1 q

0 14 7 014 j

0611 0 5 9

056 oof

20 5 4 16 13 4

0 0 jj 0 0 4

0 0 10 0 t

022 0 1 1

20 5 4 16 13 4

33 0 0 19 1

33 0 0 19 *

- the dozen of H2 sheets

- the cwt.

- the bushel

- - the bushel

- - - the lb,

for every jf. 100 of the value for every £. 100 of the value

Parchment

Pearl or hulled Barley Pears -

■-----dried -

Pellitory Pencils -Pens -

Pepper, the lb.; viz.

-----* Black or white, of the East Indies

-----Cayenne

-----Guinea ——

----- Long -

Perfumery, not particularly enumerated or described, for every £. 100 of the value Perry - - - - the tun of 252 gallons

Pewter, old - - for every £. too of the value

Pickles, not particularly enumerated or described, for every 100 of the value

009

0 0

003

004

oo#

t

t •

0 Q

2 0 0

1 0 0

0 8 6

O 0 8

1 0

2 9 0

0 13 if

0 1 8

0 1 2

0 0 s*

20 5 4

20 5 4

0 1 6i

0 3 jl

0 0 5

0 0 5

33 0 0

12 12 0

10 5 4

33 0 0

0 Q

0 0 0

0 4 8

0 0 5

0 1 0

1 7 0

0 12 4

0 1 6

0 0 10

0 0 4

»6 13 4

16 13 4

0 1 6J

0 2 ?}

0 4

0 0 4

24 8 0

12 12 0

1613 4

29 1

* 45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

739

•: Nn.i

• . 5

u* I

' L.,:;

" vi ^1

*n

• ... *i,

-iii.’i

Lt X

1HX . -M V

KX\i. it:

1 to*

I't :‘i -.*fi «f

: 'i.-

' 15? "Li

iK £

11?

; r.7-

J*

VI-’

Schedule of the Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, &cc.~continued.

l. Schedule (A.)—Inwards.

Pictures and Picture Frames - for every £. too of the value

Pimento, the lb. viz.

-----of the British Plantations -

- — not of the British Plantations -

Pink Root - - for every £. ioo of the value

Pitch, the lall of 12 barrels, each barrel of 311 gallons; riz.

-----oi the produce of any of the Dominions or

Plantations of the Crown of the United Kingdom - - - - .

—— of the produce of any other place,

■ -----imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- ■— ----- in Foreign Shipping

-----Burgundy or Rhinehurtt - - the cwt.

Platter oi Puns ...... the cwt.

Plate; viz.

-----of Gold wrought - for every £. 100 of the value

- —- - - further - - «- for every oz. troy thereof

- — of Silver gilt, part gilt, or ungilt - for every

£. 100 of the value —— - - further - for every oz. troy thereof ----- - - if gilt ......

----- - - it puU gilt -

Plated Wares, not particularly enumerated or described - for every £. 100 of the value And further - for every oz. troy of plate thereon Platters of Wood - the dozen

Platting or other Manufactures of Balt, Straw, Chip, Cane, or llorfehair, to be used in, or proper for making Hats or Bonnets - for every £. 10a of the

value

Pomatum ...... the lb.

- - - - the 1,000

Peels - - r the cwt.

Poppy-heads, or Capita Papaverum - the 1,000 Pots; viz.

-----melting Pots for Goldsmiths - the 100

-----of Stone - for every £. 100 of the value

Prints of Paper, plain or coloured - for every £. 100

of the value

Printing Letters or Types the cwt.

Provisions (not being Groceries) not particularly enumerated or described, for every £. 100 of the value Prunelloes the lb.

Prunes, the cwt. viz,

-----imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

—— —. — in Foreign Shipping -Efyilium - - the lb.

Duties.

Drawbacks.

Pomegranates

Quicksilver, or Argentum Vivum -Qpinces -

R.

the lb. the 100

the barrel

Radde -

Radix; viz.

Contrayerva ----- the lb. Enulae Campanae, or Efulae - - the cwt.

Eringii - the lb.

Ipecacuanha - the ib.

Serpentariai, or Snake Root - - the lb.

Raisins, the cwt. viz.

Belvidere, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

----- in Foreign Shipping , -

Denia, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

----- in Foreign Shipping

Faro, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - - - in Foreign Shipping

Lexia, imported in Shipping 01 the United Kingdom -- -- in Foreign Shipping -

Li pari, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - - - in Foreign Shipping -

Smyrna, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

----- in Foreign Shipping

of the Sun, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- in Foreign Shipping -

not particularly enumerated or described, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - in Foreign Shipping - -

Rape of Grapes - for every £. 100 of the value Razors - the dicker of 10 Razors

Regulus ...... the cwt.

Relina Jalapp® for every £.

Rhubarb ----- the lb.

c- s. d. £ s. d.

33 0 0 •; 19 8 0

O 0 3 O 0 3

O 0 4 O 0 3

33 0 0 19 8 0

0 18 5 O 14 9

1 l 8 0 18 0

1 2 6 O 18 10

0 9 8] 0 8 1

0 0 7 0 0 6

16 16 2 16 16 2

0 8 2 0 2 4

16 6 2 16 6 2

0 1 2 0 0 9

0 1 1 0 0 9

0 1 0 0 0 9

20 5 4 16 13 4

0 0 9 0 0 9

0 0 9 0 0 6

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 1 1 0 0 9

1 2 6 0 14 2

0 9 ii 0 6 5

0 a 8| 0 1 lii

0 3i 0 1 ij

44 O O 40 8 0

33 O O 29 8 0

1 14 8 1 10 8

13 5 7 9 13 7

0 0 8J 0 0 52

0 6 8 0 4 2

0 7 3 0 4 9

0 O 2± 0 0 2j

0 1 1 0 1 1

0 1 6 0 1 3

0 1 10 0 1 8

0 0 11} 0 0 ul

0 10 0 0 10 0

0 0 2- 0 0

0 *3 Si 0 2 4 i

0 1 3 0 1 2

0 18 1] 0 16

0 18 4 0 16 11

0 16 6 0 15 2

0 lb Sj 0 15 4

0 18 1] 0 16

0 18 4 0 ib 11

0 18 Qi: 0 16

0 19 °4 0 17

0 18 l\; 0 16 81

0 18 4 0 16 11

1 1 3i 1 1 0 5}

1 1 0 10;

1 4 4i \ 1 1 T.

1 10 0 1 8 3

0 16 6 0 15 2

0 16 8} \ 0 15 4

20 5 4 \6 13 4

0 6 9 0 6 2

0 9 11 0 6 0

33 0 0 29 8 0

1. Schedule (A.)—Inwards.

viz.

Ribband, the lb. of 16 oz

----- of Silk -

of Gold, or Silver, or both

the cwt.

Rice

Rosin, or Colofornia, the cwt. viz.

-----* of the Dominions or Plantations belonging to

the Crown of the United Kingdom

-----not of the produce of any of the Dominions or

Plantations belonging to the Crown of the United Kingdom, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom ----- - - in Foreign Shipping -

S.

Saccharum Satumi Safflower Saffron Sago; viz.

•---whole

-----* powdered

Sal; viz.

Alkali -Ammoniacum -Cornu Cervi Glauber Prunella -Succini -Tartari -----Volatile Ammoniacum

for every £. 100 of the value -: -. - the lb.

the lb.

the lb.

for every £. 100 of the value

the lb.

- - the lb.

the lb. - the cwt.

- - the lb.

- the lb.

the lb. for every £. 100 of the value the ib.

Salep, or Salop ——

Salt; viz.

White, or Bay - - the bushel of 56 lbs.

not Bay - - - the bushel of 56 lbs.

Rock - the ton of 40 bushels, each bushel of 65 lbs.

Saltpetre Sanguis Draconis Sarlaparilla -Safiafras -

Saunders, or Sanders Wood; viz.

-----Red -

-----White or Yellow -

Scammony -Scoops of Wood Scordium Sea Cow Teeth Sea Holly Roots Sea Horse Teeth Sea Morse Teeth

Seeds; viz. Anniseed Canary Seed -Carraway Carthamus Clover -Cole

Coriander Cummin Fennel Fenugreek

the cwt. the lb. the lb. the cwt.

the cwt. the lb. the lb. the dozen the lb. the lb. the cwt the lb. the lb.

- - the cwt.

- the cwt

- the cwt. the lb.

- the cwt - the quarter of 8 bushels

- the cwt.

- the cw t the lb.

* ...... - the cwt.

Garden Seed, or Forest Seed, not particularly enumerated or described - the lb.

Lucern ...... - the cwt.

Maw - - - - the cwt

Millet ...... the cwt.

Multard ...... the cvrt-

Onion ----- the cwt.

Pioni or Peoni ----- the lb

Rape the quarter of 8 buffiels

Worm - the lb.

Not particularly enumerated or described, and not being Drugs - for every £. 100 of the value Senna ----- the lb.

Ships; viz.

___Prize Ships, with their tackle, apparel, and

furniture (except fails) for every £. 100 of the value

Shovels of Wood, unftiod - - - the dozen

Shruff, or old Brass, lit only to be re-manufactured,

the cwt.

Shumac, or Sumac - - - - the cwt.

jo 1 1J I

a 3

Silk * viz.

Knubbs or Hulks of Silk the lb. Organzine - - - " the lb.

Raw, of Turkey - - - the lb

- - - of any other country, except His Colonies or Plantations - the lb.

_____of the British Plantations - the lb.

Thrown, dyed - the lb.

.... . undyed the lb.

Watte Silk not particularly enumerated or or otherwifs charged with Duty

of 21 oz of 16 oz of 24 oz Majesty’s of 24 oz of 24 oz of 16 oz of 16 oz, described, - the lb. of 16 oz.

Duties.

Drawbacks.

c $. d. £• s. J.

7 3 0 7 0 6 K

8 9 1 8 I 1

0 5 JO 0 5 2

0 2 6 0 2 2

0 3 6J 0 3 *1

0 3 9 0 3 5

33 0, 0 29 8 0

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 4 8 0 3 5

0 0 5 0 0 4

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 1 3 0 1 2

0 0 ii 0 0 ii

0 0 5 0 0 5

0 1 16 6 0 9 1(V

0 0 3f 0 0 3$

0 1 io| 0 1

0 0 4 0 0 3

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 0 li 0 0 54

0 1 5 0 0 0

0 2 0 0 0 0

3 0 0 0 0 2

0 0 3 0 0 0

0 1 1 0 Q 11

0 1 1 0 1

0 4 0 0 3 4

0 8 3 0 0 ST

0 0 8 0 0 1

0 4 5 0 3 8

0 1 8 0 1 6

0 0 3 0 0 2

0 0 10 0 0 8

0 12 1 0 0 10

0 1 0 0 0 11

0 0 11 0 0 10

0 17 11 0 15 8

1 6 3 1 3 5

0 7 9i 0 7 of

0 0 3t 0 0

0 7 H 0 4 5i

0 is 2 0 9 11

0 7 0 6 4i

0 11 lOi 0 10 of

0 0 *4 0 0

0 5 7 i 0 4 9k

0 0 3 0 0 3

0 6 7 0 3 7

0 16 6 0 12 9

0 3 10 0 2 10

0 2 4 0 1 10

0 18 7 0 13 7

0 0 2 0 0 2

0 5 0 0 3 7

0 1 2 0 1 1

20 5 4 16 13 4

0 0 Hi 0 0 9i

5 0 0 0 0 0

0 4 2 0 3 5

0 12 10 0 10 2

0 3 1 0 2 3

0 0 6 0 0 5

0 3 8 0 2 11

0 1 C 0 1 11

0 2 7 0 1 11

0 O 9 0 0 1

0 9 1 0 8 4

0 6 4 0 5 7

0 0 6 0 Q 4

Appendix,

(No. 36.) 14* Martii,

continued.

740

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix, (No. 36.) 14* Martii, continued.

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, Slc.—continued.

1. Schedule (A.)—Inwards*

Silk, continued.

—— wrought, mixed with gold or fdvcr, or both, not particularly enumerated or ddcribed, the lb. of 16 oz. Manufactures of all other lorts, whether ot Silk only or mixed with any other materials, and not being particularly enumerated or described, the

lb. of 16 oz.

— Worm Gut - for evfery £. 100. of the value Skeets for Whitfters - the sheet

Skins; viz.

Badger Skins, undressed - - - the 1km

Bear, undressed -

Beaver, undressed, or Indian, halfdressed, the (kin, riz. of the British Colonies or Plantations - ...... - of any other place - -

- - - if dressed in oil, a further Duty - the lb. Calve, in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way

drefl'ed, the dozen ikins,

* - - Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- - - - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - tanned ----- the lb.

- - - but if dressed in oil, a further Duty for every lb.

Cat, undressed - the 100 skins

Coney, undressed - - - the dozen skins

Cordivants, drefl'ed, of Spain - - the dozen

----- of Turkey - - the dozen

Deer, undressed - the skin

- - - dressed - . the (kin

- - - Indian, half drefl'ed or shaved - the skin Dog in the hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way

drefl’ed, the dozen skins,

- - - Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom ----- in Foreign Shipping -

Dog Fish, undressed - - - the dozen skins

Elk Skins in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way drefl'ed - the skin

- - - Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

----- in Foreign Shipping -

Ermine or Arm in, undrelled, the timber of 40 skins Fisher, undressed - the skin

Fitches, undressed - - - - the skin

Fox, undressed - the skin

- - Tails - - for every £. 100 of the value

Goat, raw or undressed; viz.

- - - if imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom,

the dozen

----- in Foreign Shipping - the dozen

- - - tanned ----- the dozen

- - - but if drefl'ed in oil, a further Duty - the lb.

Hare, undressed - the 120 skins

flufl'e, undressed - the skin

Kid in the Hair - the 100 skins

- - drefl'ed* - the 100 skins

Lamb, undressed in the wool - the 120 skins

-----drefl’ed in alum, salt, or meal the 1O0 skins

-----drefl'ed in oil - - - the 100 skins

----- find further for every lb.

----- Slink, undressed, in the wool - the 120

Leopard, undressed - - - - the skin

• Lion, undressed ----- the skin Marton or Martron, undressed, the timber of 40 skins

-----Tails, undressed - the 120

Minever ----- the man^|e . Mink, undrdVed - - the timber of 40 lkins

- - - tawed - the timber of 40 skins

Mole, undrelled - the dozen

Moose, undressed - jj-jn

Mufquafh, undressed - the 100 skins

Otter, undressed - - ,- . the skin

Ounce, undressed - fl^n

Panther, undressed - the skin

Pelts ol Goats, undressed - the dozen

d re fled - the dozen

- - - of all other forts, undressed - - the 100

Kacoon, undressed - - - the 100 skins

Sable, undressed - the skin

- - - Tails or Tips of Sable, undressed - the piece Seal in the Hair, not tanned, tawed, or in any way

dressed, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - - - - . the /kin

- - - Imported in Foreign Shipping - the skin Sheep, undressed, in the wool - the dozen skins

- - - dressed in oil, tanned, or tawed, the dozen

lkins

- - - and further, as dressed in oil, for every lolbs. Squirrel or Calabar, undressed, the timber of 40 skins

...... - the timber of 40 skins

...... for every £. 100 of ti t

Swan, und^d -

, . 11 ‘ * V.v J:.: 1:

•vu, u.e.aiej - . - \

Duties.

Drawbacks.

£ , s. d. £■ d.

7 13 9 7 11 2

5 13 4 5 11 2

20 5 4 16 13 4

0 0 2 0 0 2

0 0 11 0 0 9

0 7 7 0 6 7

0 0 4 0 0 2

0 1 1 0 0 11

0 0 3 0 0 3

0 1 2 0 0 0

0 4 2 0 3 0

0 0 8 0 0 7

0 0 3 0 0 3

0 16 4 0 H 1

0 0 7$ 0 0 5$

l 2 0 0 16 10

0 19 6 0 16 7

• 0 4 0 0 2

0 1 1 0 0 11

0 0 4 0 0 2

0 0 8 0 0 6

0 1 0 0 0 10

0 3 9 0 2 9

0 0 8 0 0 1

0 1 0 0 0 5

0 16 8 0 15 2

0 2 0 0 1 10

0 0 2* 0 0

0 0 ih 0 0 4l

33 0 0 29 8 O

0 1 10 0 0 2

0 9 0 0 7 4

.2 8 9 2 4 5

0 0 4 0 0 4

0 4 6 0 1 6

0 0 3 0 0 3

0 1 1 0 0 0

1 W 6 1 *3 8

e 7 10 0 4 0

1 2 6 0 19 6

2 12 10 2 0 10

0 0 7 0 0 7

0 2 7 0 1 11

0 10 2 0 9 1

0 4 2 0 3 9

3 16 10 3 12 6

0 13 6 0 13 2

0 4 7 0 4 0

1 H 4 1 2 10

1 9 1 9 9

0 0 4 0 0 3

0 4 1 0 3 7

1 0 4 0 18 3

0 2 5 0 1 11

0 5 4 4 8

0 8 4 0 7 3

0 2 2 0 1 10

0 3 10 0 3 7

0 12 4 0 10 11

1 10 2 0 19 4

0 4 5 0 3 10

0 0 9 0 0 7

0 0 2 0 0 0

0 0 10 0 0 8

0 1 IO 0 1 5

0 6 5 0 6 3

0 0 6 0 0 6

0 3 4 0 2 7

0 4 0 3 1

j. 3 0 ° i J 8 0

- 1 6 0 1 3

0 5 0 J 0 3 9

Ol 'r: 1 <j t G

r ,i 7 2

1. Schedule (A.)—Inwards.

Skin9, continued.

Wolf, tawed - the skin

Wolverings, undressed - the skin

And also l’uch of the Skins hereinbefore enumerated, except those which are particularly provided for as tanned or dressed in oil, shall be subjetl to the following further Duties; viz.

----- if tanned - - for every 10lbs.

-----if dressed in oil - - for every lb.

and pieces of Skins, not particularly enumerated or described, whether undrelled, or tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, for every £. 100 of the value

- - - and further, if tanned - for every 10 lbs.

----- if drefl'ed in oil - the lb.

Slate Pencils - for every £. 100 of the value

Snuff ...... the lb.

Soap; viz.

Hard - - the cwt.

Soft, or Black Soap, for every £. 100 of the value Spa Ware - - for every £. too of the value

Spelter ----- the cwt.

Spermaceti, Fine ----- the lb.

Spirits, the gallon; viz.

Arquebufude -

Arrack -

Brandy, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

...... - in Foreign Shipping

Citron Water -

Cordial Water, not particularly enumerated or described,

----- in Shipping of the United Kingdom ----- in Foreign Shipping -

Geneva, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

...... in Foreign Shipping

Hungary Water -

Lavender Water -

Hum, of the growth, produce, or manufacture of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations -

- - - not of His Majesty’s Colonies hr Plantations, Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - - in Foreign Shipping -

all other Spirits, not particularly enumerated or described,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

Ana for and upon every gallon of Spirits, called Brandy, Geneva, and Rum, above the quality of Single Spirits, an additional Duty for such Spirits to he paid in proportion to the Duties payable for Single Spirits of the like denomination, according to the comparative degree of strength which they shall bear to Single Spirits of the like denomination.

Sponge - - - the lh.

Spouts of Wood - - for every £. too of the value

Spruce, Essence of - for every £. 100 of the value Squills ----- the cwt.

Starch ----- the cwt.

Stavefacre ----- the cwt.

Steel, the cwt. viz.

---Gad Steel -

---Long Steel -

---Wisp ......

Stockings, for every £. 100 of the value; viz.

-----— Cotton, Thread, or Worsted -

Stones, viz.

Blood Stones ----- the lb.

Burrs for Mill Stones - - - - the 100

Dog Stones, not exceeding four feet in diameter, above six inches and under twelve inches in thickness, the lull of three pair Emery Stones ----- the cwt.

Filtering Stones - for every £. too of the value Flag Stones - the 100 l’quare feet

Flint for Potters - - the ton of 20 cwt.

Grinding Stones - - the chalder of 30 cwt.

Marble Blocks - for every £. 100 of the value Mill Stonfes, above 4 feet in diameter, or if 12 inches in thickness or upwards, the piece Pomice Stones - - - the ton of 20 cwt.

Quern, not exceeding 6 inches in thickness, the lall of three pair; viz.

-----under 3 feet in diameter -

-----3 teet and not above 4 feet in diameter

Sculptured Marble, or Stone and Statuary, for every

£. too of the value Slates in Frames, the dozen; viz.

* ...... not exceeding 12 inches in length

-----exceeding 12 inches in length -

Sliek ----- the 100 stones Whet ----- 1GO rtoncs Storax or Styrax, Calamita, and Liquid* - the lb.

Duties. Dra* back

£■ •*. d. :l

0 IS 4 0 11 0

0 5 2 0 4 g

012 0 1

003 003

U/ O O <© 00

0 1 a 0 1 ,

O03 0 3

20 5 4 1613 4

0 2 5$ 0 2 4j

1 5 3 1 2 9

3 19 2 07a

33 0 0 29 8 0

0166 0 12 9

0 1 6 0 1

0 9 4 0 9 1

094 0 9 1

0 9 1 0 8 10

0 10 1 0 9 10

0 9 4 ® 9 1

0 9 4 0 9 1

0 10 4 0 10 1

090 0 8 it

0 10 0 0 9 l)

094 0 9 1

t>9 4 0 9 1

0 7 3 0 7 1

O P O 0 9 15

0 110 0 10 9

093 0 9 0

0 10 3 0 10

0 1 3 0 0 11

20 5 4 16 13 4

20 5 4 16 13 4

0 3 4 0 3 4

0 12 10 0 u .7

0 17 11 0 13 S

Oil 0 0.9 0

068 0 4 10

0611 0 4 11

O O 40 8 0

0 2 2 018

1 9 1 09 7

0 18 2 .0 11 to

Oil 0 1 0

20 5 4 16 13 4

0 16 6 089

Oil 0 1 1

042 0 3 5

20 5 4 16 13 4

0 19 0 0 7 5

1 5 0 1 5 0

078 0 5 3

1 911 1 5 1

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 1 k 0 0 10

022 0 1 u

0 5 0 4 9i

030 028

0 0 10 008

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

741

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, &c_

l. Schedule (A.)—Inwards.

Stuffs of nil forts made or mixed with Wool, not particularly enumerated or described - the yard And if mixed with Silk, for every lb. a further Duty by the lb. us Silk Manufactures, Succades or Succurds - the lb.

Succus Liquoritia; or Liquorice Juice or Ball, the cwt, Su^ar, the cwt. viz.

----- not being of the British Plantations

...... White -

•----- - -- -- -- -- Brown or Muscovado

<----- of the British Plantations

...... White

----- - . — ----- Brown or Muscovado -

-----of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the

Lull indies, having been imported into Kng-land by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the Last Indies, for every £• loo of the value thereof, British Currency, according to the grols pi ice at whic h such Sugar Hull have been puM' lv sold at the Last India Company's sale in Lonuon -

and further - for every cwt. of such Si car ----- Candy, the cwt. t iz.

—— - - - - white -

----- - - - i«fnicd of all other forts - the* cw t.

ujar Moulds ----- the loo Sulphur Vivum ----- the cwt "Sword Blades, the dozen; viz.

— -----fine -

-- - * coaife -

T.

Talc, green or white - the lb.

Tallow - the ca t.

Taimuinds ----- the lb.

Taaners V» He - - for every £. loo of the v due

Tupem y, not c: S.lk - for every £. loo of the v due Tapioca ----- the lb.

Tar, ti e lall of 12 barrels, each barrel of 31 ] i,i lions; viz.

— - - - of the produce of any of the Dominic

of the (down of the A iiiu d Kmtd . .* -

— - — of the pmducr of un\ o:b-* pD c

—— ----- impoited in flopping ot toe Cl * >i

Kingdom -

-----in foreign shipping

-----Barbudocs ----- the lh.

Tares - for every £. 100 of the v due

Tarrus ----- the bulbil

Tea; viz.

-----imported from Great Britain, having hem pur-

chiih ii at any of the laics of the Kail India Coj.ipany in Ixmdon, for lei's than is. 61I. rriruh, the lh. weight avoirdupois, for every £. 100 of the value thereof, according to such

price

-----imported from Great Britain, having been purchased at any of the sales of the Last India Company »u London, for is. 6d. British, the ]b. wviglit axomlupnis or upwards, for every £. 100 of the value thereof, according to such

price

Teafels ----- - the 1,000

Ttlefcupes - - for every £. 100 of the value

Terra; rtz.

----- Japonic* - for every £. 100 of the value

----- Umbra ...... Bie cx't*

-----\ew\,i - - for every £.100 of the value

Thermometers- - for every £. 100 of the value Thread; 1 iz.

Bruges or Bi n!, rs - the d >zen lhs.

Cotton - for every £. 100 of the value

Gold and Silver Thiead - the lh.

Outna! ----- the dozen lbs. Pack Thread - the 10011 s.

Siliers Thread ----- the lb. Wlnted brown Thread - - the d zen lhs.

lint particularly enumerated or described, for every

/. 100 of the value

Tib s; viz.

Flanders Ties* -* - - t - -the 1,000

Galley ’I iles - the hot fqtiure

Pantiles ...... the 1,000

Paving Tilis, the 1,000; viz.

- - not exceeding 10 inches fquure ----- exceeding 10 inches square

Plain Tiles, or any other Tiles not particularly enumerated or dcicril ed, for every £. 100 ot

the value

Tin, unwrought ----- the cwt. Foil - - - for every £.100 of the value

Vol. Co.

45

o

o

o

o

I":

» o

o

J3

o

33

33

o

20

10

6

1

1

0

1

33

1

0

1

33

33

Duties. Drawbacks. 1. Schedule (A.)—Inwards. Duties. Drawbacks.

d. £■ 8. d. Tobacco; viz. £. 8. d. C 8. d.

unmanufactured, of the growth or production of His

7 7 O 5 10 Majesty’s Colonies, Plantations, Blands, or Ter-

ritories, in America, the lb. 6 O 8 0 O 8

if imported by ft rangers, or if it be by any law now

1 3 O 1 1 in force subject to Aliens Duty, then a further

3 l* 1 19 7i iWv for every lb. 0 O 1 0 O* 1

Tobacco Pipes - - - - * - the gross 0 1 6 0 1 1

Tooth Powder - - for ever}* £. 100 of the value 33 O 0 29 8 0

*4 3 >+ 2t Tornfal or Turnsole - - - - the cwt. 0 IO 8 0 io 8

9 54 2 9 si Tortoise Shell - - - - the lb. 0 1 5 0 1, 0

/ Togs, uot particularly enumerated or described, for

10 11 0 0 0 . every £. 100 of the value 33 O 0 29 8 0

6 6 0 0 0 Trays of Wood - - - the shock of 60 0 6 3 0 5 10

Trenchers of W'ood - - the grols of 12 dozen 0 1 si 0 1 o*

Truffles - w the lb. 0 3 5i 0 3

'Pubs of Wrood not bound with iron - the dozen 0 1 1 0 0 9

Turmeric ----- the lb. 0 0 3i 0 0 32

Turnery, not particularly enumerated or described,

for every £. 100 of the value 33 0 0 29 8 0

Turpentine; viz.

1 2 45 l 2 common ----- the cwt. 0 3 0 3

5 2 0 5 2 of Venice, Scio, or Cyprus - - - the lb. 0 0 6} 0 0

of Germany, or any other place, not common Tur-

12 9 , 4 12 9 pentine, and not otherwise enumerated or de

8 4i 7 8 4t fori bed - - - - the cwt. 0 16 6 0 13 9

8 4t 7 8 4* Twine - ----- the cwt 1 3 5i 1 0 2*

>3 0 0 11 4 Twill; viz.

10 10 0 9 11 of Cotton of all kinds, for every £. 100 of the value 44 0 0 4° *

* of Gold, or Silver, or both - the lb. of 16 oz. ’ 7 8 6 5 H 9

12 6 0 9 5

8 4 0 0 3 V.

Velonra ----- the cwt. 0 1 0 0 0 I

Vurnish ----- the cwt. 0 12 5 0 11 8

0 3 1 0 0 3? Vases - - - for every £. 100 of the value 33 0 0 29 8 0

1 lo 0 1 10 Vellum - the (kin 0 1 10 0 1 9

0 3 i 0 0 < Verdt gris; viz.

5 4 16 13 4 common ----- -the lb. 0 0 10 0 0 9

0 0 8 0 chrvftallized - the lb. 0 1 6J 0 1 52

0 33 0 0 *2 Vermicelli ----- the lb. 0 0 32 0 0 2 2

Vermillion or Cinnabar - - - - the lb. 0 1 5i 0 1

Vinegar or V erjuice - - the tun of 252 gallons 10 15 3 8 15 7

Vinelloes - - the lb. 0 6 7 0 5 9

15 0 0 12 1 W.

Watch GlalTe* - - for every £. 100 of the value 8316 5 80, 4 5

Watches of Gold, Silver, or other Metal, for every

16 f V 0 13 7? £. 100 of the value 33 0 0 29 8 0

17 r 0 14 7 and further, for every ounce troy of Gold or Silver

0 •2V 0 0 2l thereon 0 1 0 0 1 0

5 7' 9 13 7 Water, mineral or natural, the dozen bottles or stalks,

0 6 0 0 4 each bottle or Hulk not exceeding 3 pints 0 2 9 0 2 7

Wax; viz.

Bees, unmamifadured - the cwt. 1 16 7 1 10 i°

White or manufactured, not otherwise described,

the cwt. 2 4 3 1 17 0

Hard - - the lb. 0 0 9 0 0 6

Myrtle, or Bay - the lb. 0 0 6 0 0 4

14 0 48 4 0 Weld ----- the cwt. 0 2 0 0 1 2

Whale Fins or Whale Bone, the ton of 20 cwt. riz.

of Foreign fishing ----- 132 1 0 6 13c 1 5 0

of fishing of the United Kingdom, and imported in

Shipping thereof 1 13 0 1 li 3

Whip Cord - - the lb. 0 0 4 0 0 3

*4 0 81 4 0 Wicker Ware - for every £. 100 of the value 20 5 4 16 13 4

0 3 0 0 2 Wine, the tun of 252 gallons; viz.

0 0 29 8 0 French, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 87 0 0 82 16 0

..... in Foreign Shipping - 89 9 0 85 5 0

0 0 29 ' 8 0 Rkemfti, Germany, and Hungary Wines,

6‘ 10A 0 5 ij - - - Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 60 0 0 55 5 6

5 4 16 13 4 61 >4 8 i7 0 2

5 4 16 13 4 Madeira, imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 59 1 2 55 18 2

60 H 2 57 11 2

1 10 0 H 0 Portugal, Spanish, and Canary Wines, and all Wines

0 0 4° 8 0 of the Dominions of Spain, and the Wines of

5 .0 6 3 2 Sicily and Naples, and all other Wines not Other-

8 , 1 1 4 °i wife enumerated or described, -

3 51 1 1 n - - - - Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 58 0 O 55 18 0

6 8 0 4 9 59 13 4 57 11 4

8 1A 1 7 0$ WTire; viz.

Urals, or Copper - - - - the cwt 2 i 11 1 11 6

0 0 29 8 0 Gilt or Plated - for every £. 100 of the value 33 0 0 29 8 0

2 2 0 6 10 thereon 0 0 9 0 0 9

0 4 0 0 3 Iron the cwt. 4 8 7 3 ’9 6

5 4 1 2 6 Latten the cwt. 1 *9 11 1 11 3

Silver or Gold - for every £. 100 of the value 20 5 4 16 13 4

2 7 1 0 0 - and further for every oz. troy of such

15 / 9 I 0 9 gold or hiver 0 1 0 0 1 0

Steef the lb. 0 1 1 0 1 0

Virginal, Brass, or Copper - the lb. 0 1 5 0 1 4

0 0 8 0 0 1 6 0 1 5

t7 7 if 0 13 7 of any other fort, not particularly enumerated or 0

/ 0 4 0 29 8 0 described, for every £. loo of the value 33 0 Q 29 0 ©

Appendix, (No. 36.)

14° Martiiy continued.

Appendix, (No. 36.) 14* Martiiy continued.

742

Appendix.

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, ke.—continued.

1805.

1. Schedule (A.)—Inwards.

Woad, green Wood - * - - the cwt.

Thouloule Woad * the cw*

Wood; viz*

Anchor Stocks, each; viz.

- - imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

...__________ in Foreign Shipping

-----of the produce of the British Plantations -Balks, the t20; viz.

- - being 5 inches square, and under 8 inches square, or if 24 feet in length or upwards

Duties.

£. s. d. 027 4 5

017

018

007

Drawbacks.

£• * *. 019 035

O Oil

010

o o

l. Schedule (A.)—Inwards.

Wood, continued.

-----imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

-----under 5 inches square, and under 24 feet in

length,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - of all forts, under 8 inches square, of the

growth and production of the British Colonies and Plantations in America, the 120

- - - being 8 inches square and upwards, are to be

confide red as Timber, and pay Duty as such.

Duties. t)rawbiitv

£• i. d. 7T7

5 3 10 3 H lo

5 8 c> 3 17

1 18 0 1 9 3

2 4 1

Oil O 0 0

Wood, Battens, and Batten Ends, not exceeding 7 inches in breadth, the 120; viz.

Being In Length,

Battens, 8 feet and under 12 feet,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - 12 feet and under 14 feet,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

-----14 feet and under 16 feet,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

-----16 feet and under 18 feet,

* Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - 18 feet and not exceeding 20 feet.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - exceeding 20 feet,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

Batten Ends, under 5 feet,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

• * - 5 feet and under 8 feet,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

Being in i hickness not exceeding

Wood, continued.

Battens, and Batten Ends, of all forts, of the growth and production of the British Colonies and Plantations in America - -

- - - exceeding 7 inches in breadth to be deemed

as Deals and Deal Ends, and to pay Duty as such, according to their respective dimensions

Beech Plank, being 2 inches in thickness or upwards, the load of 50 cubic feet,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping

-----of the growth or production of the British

Colonies or Plantations in America, the 120

- - - Quarters, the 120, viz. beings inches square,

and under 8 inches square,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being under 5 inches square,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -" - - in Foreign Shipping -

-c - - of all forts, under 8 inches square, of the growth and production of the British Colonies and Plantations in America, the 120 Boards, barrel, the 120,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -" - - in Foreign Shipping -

-----Beech, under 2 ins. in thickness, the 120, viz.

- - - being under 15 feet in length,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 15 feet length and upwards.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - Clap Boards, or Clap Holt, not exceeding

5 feet 3 inches in length, and under 8 inches square, the 120; viz.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping

- - - of the growth and production of the British

Colonies and Plantations in America

( 2 Inches and J. 3 Inches.

Duties. Drawbacks. Duties. Drawbacks.

C . 1. d. C , s. d. £. s. d. C s. d.

O 13 3 O 11 3 O 14 3 O 12 1

O 15 7 0 13 1 O 16 7 O H 4

0 15 4 i 0 13 o\ 0 17 0 0 H 3

0 17 7i 0 15 3* 0 18 9 0 16 3

0 >7 7i 0 14 10 i 0 19 0 0 16 1 '1

1 0 9 17 54 1 1 11 0 18 10

0 18 9 0 16 4 1 0 ij 0 »7 74

1 1 8 O >9 1 1 3 *4 1 0 84

1 1 3 0 18 4 1 2 6 a «9 7

1 3 5 1 1 5 1 5 1 1 2

1 5 6 1 2 7 1 7 4i 1 4 *4

1 9 11 1 6 5 jl 11 104 1 8 H

0 2 9 2 7 0 3 0 0 2 10

0 3 3 0 3 1 0 3 7 0 3 5

0 3 9 0 3 6 0 1 4 iJ 0 3 94

0 4, 4 0 4 1 I'J 1 4 94 0 4 54 j

, t 1

£. s.

o >5 o 17

3 Inches and £.

Duties. I Drawbacks

4 Inches.

D ulies. Drawback;

d. \£. s. d. d. i||o 12 oJ,o 16 3

7fo 15 2 o 18 7

o of;o 17 g\

019 3

1 1 3

o ifio 17 2} 1 16 3 i!2 1 o 2] 1 4 9

116 1 5 1

1 4 o

1 6 8

1 9 o

i 13 8

0 3 3 o 3 10

4 n

5

056 0 0 6

0 15 4 090

0 16 8 0 10 0

034 O 0

2 14 8 260

326 2 IO 11

1 10 6 * 5 2

1 12 10 176

Oil 0 010

0 15 5 0 14 7

O 16 6 0 15 0

1 7 4 1 211

1 11 10 * 5 7

1 14 2 1 8 8

1180 1 10 3

1 5 74 0 *17 10J

1 6 4$ 0 18 6|

O 00 CO 009

18 11

2 3

112 1 4 7

1 5 11

1 10 5

030 0 3 7

4 *4

3

2 10J 7

1 5 3

1 8 5

1 12 if 1 16 6 4

4 Inches and

jT. s. d. o it, 11 o 16 1

0164 o 18 n

0 18 .5

1 1 7

: Putin. Dr«»Mi

'£■ j. i. 0 >7 3

0 19 8

• 0 4i

1 2 5;

1 2 1'-

1 6 8;,

1 o 2J i4 3 1 3 92 1 8 3

1 2 10

1 6 3

£■*■ 4 o 14 10 0 17 1

0 *7 5i

1 0 4

0 19 7I

1 3 uj

> 5

» 5 3

1 70 1 3 11 1101 184

i 8 gf 1 13 3 1 13 of 1 19 1

o 3 ?i° 3 4f« 3 ,0l o 4 lfo 3 9f:|o 4 4i

o 5 lio 4 6f!jo 5 6 o 5 8Co 5- 2j,io 6 3

Wood, continued.

Beech, Linn Boards, or White Boards for (hoe makers, 4 feet in length, the 120; viz.

- - Under six inches in thickness,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping

- - - being 6 inches in thickness, or upwards,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - in Foreign Shipping -

- 4 - Oak, under 2 inches in thickness, the 120, viz.

- - - under 15 feet in length.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - 15 feet in length or upward*.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - Paling, hewed on the one side, the 120; viz.

- - - not exceeding 7 feet in length,

Imported in Shipping of the U nited Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - exceeding 7 fret in length,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping - -

- - - Pipe, under 8 inches square, the 120; viz.

- - - above 5 feet 3 inches in length, and not exceeding 8 feet in length,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping -*

• - - under 8 inches square, the 120; vit.

-----exceeding 8 feet in length,

Imported in Shipping'of the United Kingdom -

- ‘ - in Foreign Shipping -

1 9 p 15 5

0 3 6J

0 4 i?

0 410 0 510

2 17 9

333

5 15 6

6 6 6

1 18 6

236

229 2 8 s

4 56 5106

l 11 2 1 16 2

210 7} *9 "j 216 si1 5 "i

o 4 4} 0 2 10*

.4 9l 0 3 3

086 o 9 1

0 4 10 0 5

1 5 3 10’V.

u 13

i 7 3 1 8 4

0 16 1* 0 1*

43 G k o. III.

Appendix.

743

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, &c,—continued.

1. Schedule (A.)—Inwards. Duties. Drawbacks. 1. Schedule (A.) —Inwards. Duties. 7 ra w backs.

Wood—continued. Board*, of all forts, exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in length, and under 8 niches square, of the growth ami production of the British Colonies and Plantations in America - the £• d. £. *. d. Wood—continued. with Duty, being of the growth and production of the british Colonies and Plantations in America *■ * the 120 Boxwood, the ton of 20 cwt. viz. £. t. d. 034 £■ *. 003

120 AVainfcot, containing 12 feet in length, and one inch in thickneh, and lb in proportion for any greater or Ids length or thickness, the foot, 0 6 7 O O Settlements in America or Africa Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -- - - in Foreign Shipping - - 112 2 8 8 211.5 019 1 9 5 1 12 2

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom - 0 0 igJ 0 0 6A Brazil or Fernainbucco Wood - the ton of 20 cwt. 3 3 3 0 5 9

- - - in Foreign shipping -— of ail lorts, not particularly enumerated or deicrihcd, or otherwile charged Wood, Denis, and Deal Ends, the 120; viz. 0 0 11^ 0 o yl Brazilietto or Jamaica Wood - the ton of 20 cwt. Cam - the ton of 20 cwt. 0113 1 5 8 0 io 3 024

Being i in Thickness not exceeding a.

f 2 :4 Inches. 3 Inches. < *1 Inches. 4 Inches. 1 Inche 3. A

Being in Ler^th,

DlilU'S. Drawback >. il Duties. ii Drawbacks. 1 Dufies. D 1 a vbacks. Duties. Drawbacks. Duties. ! , ! Drawbacks.

Deals, 8 feet and under 12 foot, /- . 4. <L £• *• d. \£ . s. d. £ . 4. d. £ '. 4. d. £ S. d. r. . *. d. £■ ► *. d. > £■ d. £■ s. d.

Impoited in shipping of the United Kingdom 1 1 9 1 0 6* 1 3 It 1 2 1 5 li 1 4 1 7 6 1 5 10 f 1 9 4^1 1 7 5

- - - in Jhtn'fruu Shipping - t 6 6 1 4 4 1 8 4. 1 3 H 1 10 4* 1 6 44 1 12 5 1 10 4 t 15 5-b 1 12 5i

- - - 12 feet and under 14 tea,

Imported m Shipping 01 the United Kingdom 1 5 3 1 3 i° p 1 7 1! 1 5 xoi 1 i 101 1 7 *i 1 10 7i I 9 ’ 5 r I 12 6 1 11 6

- - - in Forc;gu Shipping - - - 1 9 7 1 8 2 i 1 11 m 1 9 1 M 1 12 8A 1 16 5i 1 15 ii i\ I 18 11 i H 7

• - - 14 feet and under id set t.,

Imported in Shipping the United Kingdom 1* 9 4d 1 7 3i 1 11 7l 1 9 7i 1 14 4* 1 11 1 li 17 1 H 1 19 7i 1 16 84

- - - in Foreign Shipping - ! 3; 1 12 7i| 1 17 io£ 1 15 2 0 1 18 oA 2 2 9i 1 19 id *2 6 4# 2 3 64

- - - 16 feet and under 18 feet. I

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom {l *3 ion a 11 1 18 9 1 14 8 0 2 1* 1 17 4* 2 5 4i 2 0 ii' 2 8 7i 2 2 94

- - - iu Foieion Shipping - 1 ! 19 42 1 H 4U 2 3 9 2 0 8 2 7 7 i •2 3 loi ■2 11 5 i 2 7 2A 2 15 3d 2 10 5f

- - 18 feet and not exceeding 20 feet, 1

Imported n Shipping of the United Kingdom I *7 i}' l 14 5i‘ 2 0 4* 1 17 4i 2 3 9 2 0 6 2 7 0 2 4 3 i 2 10 4i 2 6 44

- - - in Foreign Shipping - I 2 °A (2 0 6£ 2 5 4' 2 3 1J A •2 9 3 2 6 9 2 12 6 2 10 10 * 18 oi 2 15 34

- - - exceeding 20 fert and not c\<*t *iiing 25 feet.

Imported in Shipping 01 the Uni led Kingdom 4 6 '*2 2 5 1 2 7 10v 2 5 H 2 11 ii 2 9 if 2 H 6 2 12 8 2 l7 9 2 16 0

- - - jn Foreign Shipping - 2 12 3 2 10 3 2 16 71 2 *4 3 0 5*i 2 18 1 k 3 3 3 3 2 2 3 8 2 3 7 1

- - - exceeding 25 feet and und r 30 feet.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom > H 6 2 11 4 > 18 7l 2 15 4i 3 2 9 2 19 10 3 6 i°i 3 4 io1 3 11 9 3 8

- - - in Foreign Shipping - - - 3 $ 3 LO 3 0 8 3 9 7i 3 5 74 3 H 10 3 10 6 3 *9 5i'3 »5 4* 4 5 6 4 1 8

- - - 30 feet and upwards,; * 1 I

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 3 4 4i 3 0 4? 3 9 3 3 4 11 3 H 3 3 9 11 ’4 0 0 3 l6 8 4 5 9 4 0 4

- - - in Foreign Shipping - 3 16 5i; 3 11 3d 4 3 7 3 17 0 4 9 8 4 1 8 4 16 0 4 9 0 5 5 7 4 16 4

Deal Fnds, under 5 feet. | !

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom 0 5 6 0 5 2 J 0 6 0 0 5 7 0 6 7i 0 6 0 7 4i 0 6 7i 0 8 3 0 7 3

- - - in Fore.fcn Shipping - j 6 3 < 0 5 6! 0 7 4 0 6 8 0 8 ‘4 0 7 4i 0 8 i«j 0 7 lif 0 9 11 0 8 it

- - - 5 feet and under 8 feet. i

Imported m Shipping of the United Kingdom t y 7 3 < 0 6 10 0 8 0 0 7 6 0 8 6 0 8 0 0 9 4* 0 8 OC 0 10 p 9 34

- - - in Foreign Shipping - - - * y 8 % 8 < 0 8 2 0 9 5 0 8 10 0 10 2 0 9 6 0 10 9i 0 10 0 12. 0 li >4

Wood—cow //Jived,

Deals, and Deal Ends, of all forts, of the growth or production of the Britdh Colonies and Plantations in America ----- the 120

Ebony, the ton of 20 cwt. viz.

- - - - of the growth or production of the British Colonn>s, Plantations, or Settlements, in Africa or America -• - - - of any other country or place -

Eire Wood, the fathom, being 6 feet wide and 6 feet . high, viz.

Imported in Slapping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

----- of the Britnh Colonies or Plantations in America -

Fir Quarters, the 120; viz.

• - - - - under 5 inches square, and under 24 feet in length.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

----- 5 inches lrpiare and under 8 inches

square, if 24 feet or upwards in length, Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - of all forts under 8 inches square, of the growth and prodiu*tion of the British Colonies or Plantations in America -Fustick - the ton of 20 cwt.

Handspikes, the 120; viz.

----- under 7 feet-in length,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -- - - in Foreign Shipping -

056 0 0 6

O 14 O OOOO

8 16 0 8 3 9

023 Ol8

029 0 2 2

O O OOl

14a 1 1 8

176 1 4 2

184 2 2 6

2 15 0 17 7

Oil 0 O l O

0 16 6 Ol6

056 0 4 2

0 5 7 O43

029

\V ood—cont inued.

Handspikes, of the growth or production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America - o 1 6

- — being 7 feet in length and upwards.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - - of the growth or production of the British

Colonies or Plantations m America

Knees of Oak, under 8 inches square, the 120, viz. ----- under 5 inches square,

Impoited in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Slapping -

-----being 5 inches and under 8 inches square.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - - of all forts, under 8 niches square, of the

growth or production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America - - - being 8 inches tquare and upwards, the load of 50 cubic feet, viz.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - - of the growth or production of the British

Colonies or Plantations in America, being 8 inches square or upwards -

Lathwood, the fathom, being 6 feet wide and 6 feet high, viz.

- - - — in pieces under 5 feet in length,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping

002

0 8 o j o 7 5 0961082

003

O 7 6 0 5 1

0 8 8 0 6 3

1 14 O 1 2 5

1 15 2 x 3 9

0 5 6 0 0 6

0 11 0 0 8 4

0 12 I 0 9 2

0 3 8 0 Q 4

o 17 9 * 4 9

o 14 o 110

Appendix,

(No- 36.)

14* Martii,

continued.

D - ized by

V

744

Appendix.

4- 1805

Appendix,

(No. 36.) 14* Martii,

continued*

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares, See. continued.

i. Schedule (A.)—Inwards.

Wood —continued.

Lathwopd in piece^, being 5 1®*^ length or UP" wards,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -... in Foreign Shipping -

- - . - Jof all forts, of the growth and production

of the Britilli Colonies and Plantations in America - - the fathom

Lignum Vitae - - - the ton of 20 cwt.

Logwood - - - - the ton of 20 cwt.

Mahogany, the ton of 20 cwt. viz.

..... the growth or production of any part of America or the West Indies

_____the growth of any other country or

place -

Masts, Yards, and BowfpriU, being 6 inches and under 12 inches in diameter, *he piece, viz.

. - being 6 indict, and under 8 inches in diameter Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- * - r in Foreign Shipping -

.... of the Briuih Colonies or Plantations in America -

• - - being 8 inches and under 12 inches in dia-

meter,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - of the British Colonies or Plantations in America - -

- - - being 12 inches and upwards in diameter,

the load of 50 cubic feet, viz.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - of the British Colonies or Plantations in America -

N. B. Mail*, Yards, and Bowsprits, under 6 inches in diameter, to pay Duty as Spars of the like denomination.

Nicaragua Wood - the totn of 20 cwt.

Oak Plonk, ueing 2 inches and upwards in thick-nefr. the load ot 50 cubic feet,

Import' d tn Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - of Ji i* n , of the giov. vh or production of

tr.e bnulh Colonies or Plantations in America - the 120

Oars, the 120; viz.

Impoittd in Shipping of the United Kingdoqi -

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

r - - of the growth or production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America Olive Wood, the ton of 20 curt. viz.

----- of the British Colonies, Plantations, or

Settlements, in Africa or America

• - - of the growth of any other place

Red or Guinea Wood - - the ion of 20 cwt.

Round Wood in pieces under £ inenes square, the 120, viz.

* - - under 6 feet in length,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 6 feet in length and upwards,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - in pieces of ail forts, under 8 inches square,

of the growth and production of the Bri-r tish Colonies or Plantations in America -Sapan Wood, for every JT. 100 of the value, viz. ----- of the British Colonies or Plantations

- - — - - of the produce of any other country -Spars, the 120; viz.

- - - under 22 teet in length, and under 4 inches

in diameter, exclusive of the bark,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 22 feet in length and upwards, and

under 4 inches in diameter, exelulive of the bark,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -• - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - 4 inches and under 6 inches in diameter, ex-

elusive of the bark,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping

- - of all forts, under 6 niches in diameter, ex-

dufive of the bark, of the growth or pro-ciuaion of the British Colonies or Plantations in America -N. B. All Spars, 6 inches and upwards in diameter, are to pay Duty as IVJalts, according to their respective dimensions Speckled W ood, the ton of <10 cwt. viz.

* * " ~ " "c" S*lhe HritilhColomes, Plantations,

or Settlements, in Africa or America

" * of tLc §rowth °1 any other country or place

Duties. Drawbacks.

£ *• £• d-

1 6 1 0 10J

1 8 01 1 2 6J

0 3 10 004

074 008

061 007

0 14 4 0 t 4

2114 ) 1 18 4

027 0 111

0 * 2 8 020

0 2 2 016

* 5 4 036

• 5 8 0 4 5

0 4 5 0 3 1

0 17 3 098

0184 0 10 9

0 15 5 0 7 10

2 12 5 1 16 5

0189 0121

104 0 13 8

056 006

2 3 I * 9 4

2 10 1 1 16 4

O 13 2 012

083 O Q 9

l6» 0 2 8

l6o 0 2 8

Oil 0 O56

0 12 1 067

12 0 011 0

1 4 2 O 13 2

0 2 2 0 0 2

3 19 2 OOOO

20 5 4 16 13 4

081 0 3 10

0 8 11 048

0 16 6 ! 0711

0 17 7 O90

1 15 2 O I? 4

1 17 5 O 19 7

• 6 7 O 7

0110 0 19

2 15 0 *34

1. Schedule (A.)—Inwards.

Wood—continued.

Spokes for WTheels, the 1,000; viz.

. - not exceeding 2 feet in length,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -. - - in Foreign Shipping

- - - exceeding 2 feet in length,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - of all forts, of the growth or production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America -

Staves of all forts, the 120; viz.

- - - not exceeding 50 inches in length

- - - exceeding 50 inches in length - -

Sweet Wrood, the ton of 20 cwt. viz.

- - - of the growth or production of the British

Colonies, Plantations, or Settlements, in Africa or America -

- - - of any other country or place -Timber; viz.

- - - Fir Timber, the load of 50 cubic feet; viz.

- - - being 8 inches l'quare, and not exceeding to

inches square,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -- - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - exceeding 10 inches square,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being 8 inches square or upwards, of the

growth or production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America

- - - Oak Timber. 8 inches square or upwards, the

load of 50 cubic feet; viz.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - of the growth or production of the British

Colonies or Plantations in America

- - - of all forts, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, being eight inches square, or upwards, the load of r>o cubic teet,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - of the growth or production of the British

Colonies or Plantations in America Treenails, or Trenails, the 1,000; viz.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

Users, the 120; viz.

- - - under 5 inches square, and under 24 feet in

length,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping ...

- - being 5 inches and under 8 inches square, or

it 24 feet in length or upwards,

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

-----of all forts, under 8 inches square, of the

growth or production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America Wainscot Logs, 8 inches square or upward*, the load of 50 cubic feet; viz.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

- - - being of the growth or production of the

British Colonies or Plantations in America Unmanufactured, of the growth or production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £. too of the value

- - - not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - lor every /. 100 of the value

Wool, viz.

Beaver ----- the lb.

- - - cut or combed - - - - the ib.

Coney ----- the lb.

Cotton, the 100 lbs. viz.

-----of the growth or production of the British

Colonies or Plantations in America

- - of the growth or production of Turkey

- - - of the growth or production of any other

country or place -Eftridge or Oft rich, the cwt.

Imported in Shipping of the United Kingdom -

- - - in Foreign Shipping -

Hare* ----- the 100 lbs.

042

007 0 1 1

0110

360

o 8 10 090

096 o 10 3

018

O 15 0

o 15 19 O38

o 4 5

0 5 3

o i 8

0 3 10 0 4 5

1 13 0 1 14 1

3 10 4

3 11 6

o 8 10

o 17 8

0189

028

3 19 2

33 0 0

Yarn, viz.

Cable Yarn Camel or Mohair Cotton

- the cwt. the lb. ot 16 oz.

the lb.

0 1 1

1 3 1 001

091

087

o 13 9

o 5 10 0126 030

o 3 10 009

004

0 0 5

0 0 1 0 0 1

0 4 f

2 16

0 7 a

080

0 7 7 0 8 5

0 0 1

0 10 6 0 11 4

004

0 £ 9 0 3 7

002

9 1 10 025

1 10 1 11 1

3 4 4 3 56

0 0 10

0 9 n 0 n

004

0 7

9 8

0 0 0

1 1 9 oo°

0 0 0

0 0 0

0 0 0

0 5 0 14 6 o 0 3

0 3 o 0 0 0 0 3

Appendix

745

45 Geo. III.

Schedule of the Net Duties payable on Importation into Ireland of Goods, Wares^ &c.—continued.

l. Schedule (A.)—Inwards.

Yarn—continued.

Grogrmu ----- the lb.

Haw Linen Yarn, made of Flax - - the lb.

Wick Yarn - - for every £. loo of the value

Woollen and Bay Yarn - - - the cwt.

Worsted, being of two or more threads, twilled or thrown - the lb.

of any other fort, not particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £. too of the value

Duties. Drawbacks.

£■ ». <!■

0010 0 0 6

0 0 3 0 0 3

33 0 0 29 8 0

0 19 7 oil 8

00 0 0 e* 0 0

33 0 0 0 00 o> c*

l. Schedule (A)—Inwards.

Z.

Zedoaria

the lb.

All other Goods, Wares* and Merchandize, whatsoever, not being particularly enumerated or described, or otherwise charged with Duty, and not being prohibited to be imported into, or used in, Ireland, and not being exempt from Duty, for every £x 100 of the value thereof; viz.

Being either in part or wholly manufactured Not being either in part or wholly manufactured

Duties.

Drawbacks.

£■ s.d.

O O 10

33

£■ d‘ 0 0 9

29 8

20 5 4 I *6 13 4

l. SCHEDULE (B.)

A SC II E D I) LE of the Net Duties to be charged on the Importation intb Ireland of Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, therein ehumerated ot described, being of the growth, produce, or manufacture of the United States of America, and of the Drawbacks to be allowed on the Exportation thereof from Ireland.

1. Schedule (B.)—Inwards.

Arrow Root - * - the cwt.

Cotton Wool - the 100 lbs.

Gum, Cashew - - - - the cwt.

Hides, the piece; viz.

----- Buffalo, Bull, Cow, or Ox, in the hair -

* -- Horses, Mares, or Geldings, in the hair -

----- - or pieces of Hides, raw or undressed,

not particularly enumerated or doferibed, or otherwise charged with Duty - for every £. 100 of the value

Hops ...... the cwt.

Indigo ----- the 100 lbs.

Molasses - - the cwt.

Oil, the tun of 23-2 gallons; viz.

-----Spermaceti or Head Matter

* --Train Oil or Blubber, or Fi/h Oil -

Pitch - the lall of 12 barrels, each barrel of 31 and

gallons

Provisions (not being Groceries) - for every £. 100

of the value

Rice ----- the cwt.

Rosin, or Colophonia - the cwt.

Seed, Rape - the quarter of 8 buffiels

Skins, Beaver, undrelTed the (kin

-----Calve, in the hair, nut tanned, tawed, nor in

any way dressed - - the dozen skins

Snuff - - - the lb.

Spermaceti, fine ----- the lb. Tor - the lall of 12 barrels, each barrel not exceeding

31 and £ gallons

Tobacco, the lb. viz.

----- unm&nufaClured -

•----- if imported by strangers, or if by any Law

now in force it be subject to Aliens Duty, then a further Duty of -Turpentine, Common - the cu t.

Whale Fins, or Whale Bone - the ton of 20 cwt. Wood; viz.

Anchor Stocks - - the piece

Balks of all forts, under 8 inches square - the 120 Battens and Battens Ends of all forts - the 120 Beech Planks of all forts - the 120

Beech Quarters of all forts, under 8 inches square

the 120

Boards, the 120; viz.

-----Clap Boards, not exceeding 5 feet 3 inches

in length, and under 8 inches square - — - Pipe Boards, exceeding 5 feet 3 inches in length, and under S inches iqiuire Box Wood - the ton of 20 cwt.

Deal and Deal Ends of all io:ts - - the 120

Ebony - + the ton of 20 cwt

Fire Wood - the fathom 6 flet wide and 6 feet

high

Fir Quarters of all forts, under 8 inches square - the

120

I Iandfpikes, the 120; xiz.

----- under 7 feet in length - - - 4

- . - - — 7 feet in length and upwards Knees of Oak of all forts, under 8 inches square,

the 120

----- 8 inches squart or upwards - the load

of 50 cubic feet

Duties. Drawbacks. l. Schedule (B.)r-Inwards. Di

£■ s. d. d. Wood—continued. £. i

O 11 8 O lO 8 Lath wood in pieces of all forts - the fathom, 6

0 9 1 0 0 0 feet wide and 6 feet high 0

O 3 10 O 1 0 Lignum Vitae - the ton of 20 cwt. 0 Mahogany - - - the ton of 20 cwt. 0 ]

O 0 71 0 0 74 Masts, Yards, or Bowsprits, 6 inches in diameter,.

O 0 74 0 9 74 and under 8 inches the piece 0 - - - 8 inches in diameter, and under 12 inches, 1 the piece 1 0 - - - 12 inches in diameter and upwards - the 1 '

20 5 4 16 13 4 load of 50 cubic feet I 0 1

3 0 0 2 5 6 Oak Plank of all forts - - . - the 120 1 0

0 H 0 0 0 0 0ars - _ -. - - - - the 120 1 0 1

0 5 4 0 4 1 Olive Wood - - - the ton of 20 cwt. 1 0 Round Wood in pieces of all forts, under 8 inches

*4 5 1 16 18 1 square - - - the 120 I 0

23 2 0 16 2 0 Spars of all forts, under 6 inches in diameter, ex- 1 elusive of the bark - - the 120 | 0

0 18 5 H 9 Speckled Wood - the ton of 20 cwt. 1 0 ] Spokes for Wheels of all forts - - the i,t>oo I 0

>3 5 7 9 13 7 Staves of all forts, the 120; viz. 1

0 5 10 0 5 2 - - - not exceeding 50 inches in length - - 1 o

0 2 6 0 2 2 exceeding 50 inches in length - - - 1

0 5 0 0 3 7 Sweet Wood - the ton of 2a cwt. 1 0:

0 0 4 0 0 2 Timber, Oak, being 8 inches square or upwards, 1 the load of 50 cubic feet 0

0 1 2 0 0 0 - - - of all forts, not particularly enumerated 1

0 2 5 h 0 2 44 or described, or otherwise charged with I

0 1 6 0 1 5 Duty, being 8 inches square or upwards, I the load of 50 cubic feet 1 0

0 15 0 0 12 1 Users of all forts, under 8 inches square - the 120 I 0 Wainscot Logs, being 8 inches square or upwards, I

0 0 8 0 0 8 the load of 50 cubic feet ! 0 Unmanufactured, not particularly enumerated or | described, or otherwise charged with Duty, not I

0 0 1 0 0 1 being exempt from Duty - for every £. 100 1

0 3 l4 0 3 0 4 of the value I 3

132 0 0 13° 5 0 All other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize what- I

0 0 7 0 0 0 ever, not being particularly enumerated or

0 11 0 0 0 0 described, or otherwise charged with Duty in 1

0 5 6 0 0 6 this Schedule, and not being prohibited to be 1

0 3 4 0 0 4 imported into, or used in Ireland, being of the 1 growth, production, or manufacture of the 1

0 11 0 0 1 0 United States of America, and imported ac- 1 cording to Law, shall and may be entered and I landed on payment of such Duties of Cu&oms j

0 8 3 0 0 9 (and also of Excise, in cases where Duties of I Excise are due and payable thereon) and no I

0 6 7 0 0 7 higher, as are payable on Goods, Wares, and 1

1 1 2 O s 1 9 Merchandize of the like denomination or de- 1

0 5 6 0 0 6 feription, upon their importation into Ireland, 1

0 H 0 0 0 0 in Hupping of the United Kingdom, from any 1 other Foreign Country; and in cases where 1

0 0 7 0 0 1 different Duties are imposed upon Goods, 1 Wares, and Merchandize of the like denomina- I

0 11 0 0 1 0 tion and description, imported from different I Foreign Countries, then, upon payment of the 1

0 1 6 0 0 2 lowed Duties which by Law are required to J

0 2 9 0 0 3 be paid on the Importation in Shipping of the I United Kingdom, of any such Goods, Wares, or

0 5 6 0 0 6 Merchandize, from any Foreign Country. J

0 3 8 0 0 4 1

3 1° 7 4

2 2

Drawbacks.

£• s. dn

o o o o .0 1 4

4

8

01$

031

o 7 10 006 o 12 009

2 2 I o o 2

6 7

11 o

4

o

o

o

o

o

o

1

0

5

1

1

4 9

38004

1 8

8 10

o 2 o 10

3 8 1 o o 4

3 19 2 1 o 7 2

Vol. 6or

Appendix, (No. 36.) 14" Marti i.

' continued.

Appendix,

(No. 3&)

; 14* Martii»

continued.

j

746

Appendix'*

A.

1. SCHEDULE (C.)

A SCHEDULE of the Duties payable upon the Exportation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Ireland.

l. Schedule (C.)^Outwards.

Allies of Wood

-- of all other forts -Bacon -

-----other, and Hams

Bones, Ox -1 — unmanufactured -

Calves Skins, 7 »■—Valves j

Cards, Wool, the dozen; viz. —.----- - - new

the last of 12 barrels for every /. 100 of the value the flitch . - - ' the cwt.

- the 1,000 for every £. 100 of the value

for every £. 100 of the value

Cheese -Coney Hair or Wool, black or white

the cwt. the lb.

for every f. 100 of the value . - - - the lb.

for every £. 100 of the value - the cwt.

- - the barrel

for every £. 100 of the value

Copperas -

Fur, called Rabbit’s grey Fur Furrier's Wade -Greaves, or Grease Guts, Ox Guts -

-----of other Animals

Hair; viz.

-----Harts -

-----Horse

— Human -

-----Kids

-----Ox, Cows, or Bulls -

Hartfhom -

Hides, Raw and Untanned -Hogs or Pigs -Hogs Lard ...

Horns; viz.

— Backs -■ — Goats - . -

— — other Horns

— -----Ox

-—-— Rams -

-——Sheep -

*>—— Stags ——

-----Tips of Horns -

Horn Shavings - - - foT every £. roo of the value

Horses, Mares, Geldings, and Mules - the piece

Hoofs of all forts - - for every £. 100 of the value

Lead, cast or uncaft - the ton of 20 cwt.

— Ore - - " - - for every £. 100 of the value

Leather of all forts, tanned, tawed, or in any way dressed, the cwt.

- ... the cwt.

- the cwt. for every £. 100 of the value for every £. 100 of the value

- the cwt.

- the cwt.

- the piece

- - the piece, alive

- - - the cwt.

- the hundred of & score

----- the cwt.

- the 1,000 of 6 score to the hundred; viz.

Linen Rags or Shreds Linseed, or Flaxfeed -Litharge of Lead Oxen, Cows, or Steers Oysters in Pickle Rapeseed -Skins; vis.

Badger - - —

Cat -Deer, undressed Dog -Fox -

Goat, undressed Hair, undressed Kid, dressed or undressed Kips and Runners -

the ton of 20 cwt. the quarter of 8 bushels

- - - the cwt.

- the fyead

- - - the gallon

the quarter of 8 bushels

- - - the piece

- the hundred of 5 score for every £. 100 of the value

- the dozen

- the piece

for every £. 100 of the value for every £. 100 of the value

- the hundred of 6 score for every £. 100 of the value

Lamb,«lrefl'ed, without the Wool on the hundred of 6 score

- - tanned, tawed or dressed ... the cwt.

Martin for every £. 100 of the value

Otter, raw - ...... - the piece

- - - tanned ----- the piece

- - - Wombs - - - for every £. 100 of the value

Rabbits and Conies, the hundred of 6 score; viz.

-----black, with or without hiver hairs, dressed or tawed -

- - - - grey, seasoned ......

- - - grey, flagged - - - - . .

- - - - grey, tawed ......

Duties.

£ s. d.

O 1 8

5 0 0

0 0 1

0 0 2

0 0 4

5 0 0

5 0 0

0 0 8

0 0 5

0 0 6

0 .0 7

5 0 0

0 0 3

5 0 0

a 0 2

0 1 0

5* 0 0

0 2 2

q 8 0

5 0 0

5 0 0

a 2 0

0 1 6

0 2 0

0 3 0

0 a li

0 0 3

0 0 6

0 2 6

0 1 0

0 0 2

0 1 7

0 0 9

5 0 0

1 0 0

5 0 0

2 13 9

5 0 0

0 1 4

3 5 8

0 3 0

0 0 3

0 6 6

0 0 1

0 0 6

0 0 1

0 l 4

5 0 0

0 0 2

0 0 1

5 0 0

5 0 0

0 3 0

5 0 0

0 3 0

0 1 4

5 0 0

0 0 1

0 a 2

5 0 0

0 1 4

0 1 0

0 0 6

0 0 8

]. Schedule (C.)—Outwards.

Skins—continued.

~-----— dressed, tawed or dyed into colours -

Sheep, the 120; viz.

■ - — dressed, without the wool on -

-----with the wool on ——

-----tawed, with the wool on -

- '---Pelts, dressed or undressed -

----- tanned, tawed, or dressed - - - the cwt

Squirrel ----- the 1,000

Stag - -- -the piece

Swan - - the piece

Slugs of Horns - - - -for every £. 100 of the value

Soap Boilers Waste, andall other Manure (except Lime), the ton Tallow - -‘--the cwt.

Tanners Waste - - - - for every £. 100 of the value

Tongues, called Neats Tongues - - - - the dozen

Tripes - -- - the cwt.

Wax, unmanufactured ----- the cwt.

Weld - -- - the cwt,

Woad ----- - the ton of 20 cwt.

-----Nets - - - - -the hundred of 5 score

Yarn, Linen, for every pack of statutuble Linen Yarn, - of 40* lbs. weight, at (3 score to the hundred

In addition to the Duties hereinbefore charged on certain Goods of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Ireland,

, exported from thence, and all’o on all other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the growth, produce, or manufacture of Ireland, the following Duties are to be paid: All Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Ireland, except as herein after mentioned, exported to any part of Europe, or to any port or place within the Streights of Gibraltar, for every £. 100 of the true and real value thereof Except

-----Linen of the manufacture of any part 0. the United Kingdom.

—. Bullion.

-----Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, exported from Ireland

to the Isle of Man* which may be legally exported to the said Island.

-----Cotton Yarn, and all other Cotton Manufactures, being

of the manufacture of Ireland.

-----Corn or Grain.

-----refined Sugar in Loaf complete and whole, or Lump duly

refined, or any refined Sugar called Baltards, or ground or powdered Sugar* or refined Sugar broken in pieces, or any Sugar called Candy, or Melasses made from Sugar, of the Britishi Plantations.

All Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Ireland (except as herein after mentioned), Exported to any port or place whatever, not being in Europe, or within the Streights of Gibraltar, or within the limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the lvii! Indies, for every £. 100 of the

true and real value thereof ......

Except

-----Linen Manufacture of any part of the United Kingdom.

-----Bullion.

-----Corn or Grain.

-----Cotton Yarn, or other Cotton Manufactures, being of the manufacture of Ireland.

-----any sort of Craft, Food, Victuals. Cloathing, or Implement, or Materials, lit and necessary for the Britishi

Fisheries established in the I Hand of Newfoundland, for the life and support of the Manners or other perform employed on board the vessels, or on shore, in earning on the said Eilhery.

-----• all refined Sugar, or I.oaf complete and whole, or Lump

duly refined, and all refined Sugar called Bastards, and ground or powdered Sugar, and refined Sugar broken in pieces, and all Sugar called Candy, and Melasses made from Sugar, of the Britishi Plantations.

Dunes.

L u

0 1 0

3 0

0 0

1 6

1 6

* 4

2 6 0 6

0 4 0 0

0 0

1 6 0 0

0 4

0 1

4

1 3

0 10 0 006

1 0

1 10

0 0

1. SCHEDULE (D.)

A LUn E of !!’* ,rUtieSpay?Ue HP0" SlliPs> Vessels, or other Bottoms, trading to Ireland, from'any Country whatsoever, over and above payable for the*fame1 * nna®e tljercof J a"d of the Duties payable on Entries Inwards and Outwards in the Port of Dublin, over arid! above ail

1. Schedule (D.)

ton 0fie^ShiP’ or other Bottom, trading to Ireland (except Coasters, and except

hips laden with Coals only trading to the Port hi Dublin) ......

Unnn ^nwart^’ mru*e in the Port 0! Turin except Port Entries and Entries on Coals) -

Lpon e\ery Entry outwaids made in the Port cf Dur.-hn ...... -

Duties.

£■ S. d.

O O 2

O 0 6

O 2 6

45 Geo. Ill,

Appcndi k»

747

\i. SCHEDULE (E.)

A SCII E I) U E E of Bounties and Allowances* to be paid on the due Exportation of certain Manufactures of Ireland therein mentioned; and also of the Bounties to be allowed and paid on the Importation of Bark or litmlork for Tanners use.

Appendix,

(No. 36.) 14* Martii, continued-

Schedule (E.W Bounties—Outwards.

Limn.

AH Munufa^ures of Buckram, Filletting, and Linen of the breadth of 25 inches or more, whether plain, print' d, painted, Itained, damped, or uyed; and idl printed, painted, li -tiued, damped, or dyed. Calico or Cotton, or C otton mixed with Linen, of the like breadth; viz, For every yard thereof

Under the value of y <1. which ll: ill be exported from Ireland to Africa, America, Spain, Portugal, Gibraltar, or Minorca -

Of the value of 5 d. and under the value of Cd. which null he expoited to any of the places aioiehtid

Of the v.Jue ol 6 c/. and not exceeding is. <*«/. in value, which Hull be exported to any of tae pi jits aforehiid And so in proportion for any gie ter 01 Jets quantity. The value o| inch Linens, Calicos, ano Cott ins, if punted, painted, Itained, ltanipai, or dytd, or oi tuen c ottons mixed with Linen, whereupon they are to he ri-ipechvely entitled to the Bounties atoiclaid, to he dev toed thei .* caluc v. ben in a plain date, and exclusive of such printing, painting, framing, damping, or d\ing.

Mote.—Ken tings, and al! Fabricks made of Linen and I lemnen Vain 1 nly, to he deemed and considered as Linen.

All Manufactures of Linen, chcrqucd or frriped with any other material than Linen Yarn, of the breadth of 25 inches or more, and o* the value ot 7 d, the yard, and not exceeding 11. 6d. in value, which Hull be exported to any of the places aforesaid - for every yard thereof

And io in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

AVhen any of the aforesaid Linens shall not be of the breadth of 25 inchc«, they shall be entitled to receive the Bounty alter the rates aforesaid, deeming every nine hundred square inches equal to one yard of 25 inches breadth or upwards.

Bounties i Bounties'

and Sch edule (E.)—Bounties—Outwards. and

Druv. bucks. Drawbacks.

/C• d. All Mu.uifactup's of Diapers, Huckabacks, Sheetings, or Linens, urwit;,ls oi one uri in hieufM., arid not exceeding 1$. 6d. £• 1. d.

IU\ square yard n valre, which Hull be exported to any of the p1 u s alb. *:aid - - fur every square yard thereof 0 0 ii

And (<» m pivpoition for any greater 01 h-.s quantity. *, T

All Maiiuliutui"s of Sail Cloth or Canvas fit for or made into

Sails, winch shall be exported - for every three ells thereof b 0 6

01 y\nd io in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

0 O Silk,

O O 1 Manufactures of Ireland made of or mixed with Silk, exported

n n uqder cerium Regulations, for every lb. thereof avoirdupois.

U V Ribli.nids and Studs made of Silk only - Silks, and Ribbands made of Silk, mixed with Gold or 0 3

Silver ----- 0 4 9

Silk Stockings, Gloves, Fringes, and Laces, and Stitching

nr Sewing SiLk - - ' ' - 0 1 ' 3

Studs made of Silk and Grogram Yarn mixed 0 0 8

Stuffs made of Silk and Worded mixed - 0 p 6

Stuffs made of Silk mixed with lncle or Cotton 0 1

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

Books.

Books unbound, if printed on British or Foreign Paper - for every lb. thereof avoirdupois 0 9 X

O O h Inwards*

For and upon every Barrel of Bark or Ilemlock which shall be imported into Ireland; viz.

From any country in Europe except Great Britain - 0 4 0

From America ----- 0 5 0

2. RESOLVED, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards railing the Supply granted to His Majesty, there be charged a Duty of Six Puunds upon every One hundred Pounds of the amount of the Duties payable by Law on all Goods, Wares, and Merchandise (except Sugar, and except Goods the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain) which shall be imported into Ireland by any pertouu being a Retailer or Consumer of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize.

3. RF.SOLV E D, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of Four Pence per Gallon be allowed on all Spirits distilled in Ireland from Malt made of Corn of the growth of Ireland, w hen the price of Barley lha.ll not exceed Sixteen Shillings British currency the barrel, and which shall be export'd from Ireland, except to Great Britain.

4. RESOLVED, That it is the Opinion of thie Committee, That a Bounty of One Shilling and Nine Pence for every thirty-two Gallons be allowed on all Strong Beer or Ale made wholly from Malt the growth or produce of Ireland, when the price of Barley shall not exceed Sixteen Shillings per Barrel British currency, which shall be exported from Ireland, except to Great Britain.

5. R E S O L V E D, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Countervailing Duties following be charged on the several Goods and Merchandize herein after mentioned, being of the growth, produce, or manufacture of Great Britain, and imported from thence into Ireland, in lieu of former Countervailing Duties on the like Aitides; (that is to say)

5. SCHEDULE <F.)

COUNTERVAILING DUTIES payable on the Importation from Great Britain into Ireland, of certain Articles of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain, in lieu of Countervailing Duties on the like Articles under former Aris.

5. Schedule (F.)—Countervailing Duties.

Bf.fr.

For and upon every Barrel of Beer or Ale, containing thirty-two callous, brewed or made in Great Britain -

Cards and Die e.

For and upon every pack of printed, painted, or playing Cards, made and manufactured in Great Britain -And a further Duty, per lb. weight - For and upon every pair of Dice, made or manufactured in Croat Britain

Paper.

For and upon every lb. weight avoirdupois,

Ol Paper fit or proper for, or that may he used for, or applied to, the uses or pur poles of Writing, Drawing, or Printing, or tither of them, and all Elephant Paper and Cartridge Paper -Of all coloured Paper, and Whited-brown Papers, other than and except Elephant and Cartridge Paper, tit or proper for the tiles or purposes of wrapping-up Goods, ami not tit or proper, or capable of being used for, or applied to, the uses or purposes of 'Writing, Drawing, and Printing, or either of them, and also except Paper Hangings -

Of Brown Paper fit and proper for tire use and purpose of wrapping-up Goods, and not fit or proper, or capable of being tded for, or applied’ to, the uses or purposes of Writing, Drawing, <k* Printing, or either of them - ......

Duties.

£■ j. d.

0 6 irj

O 2 0

O 0 3

O 15

O 0 3

o

5. Schedule (F.)—Countervailing Duties,

For and upon every hundred weight

Of Glared Paper for Clothiers and Hotprefiers -And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

Of Palieboard, Millboard, and Sculeboard

And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

For and upon every pound weight of every fort or kind of Paper not hereinbefore particularly enumerated or described, other than and except Papers commonly called or known by the names of Sheathing Paper and Button Paper, or Button Board and Paper Hangings - - * -

Stained Paper.

For and upon every square yard of printed, painted, or stained Paper for Hangings or other uses, and so in proportion for any greater or less quantity - -

For and upon every pound weight avoirdupois of Books bound or unbound, and of Maps or Prints, which shall be imported into Ireland from Great Britain - -

Wrought Plate.

For and upon every ounce Troy weight of Gold or Silver Plate, wrought, made, or manufactured in Great Britain

Duties.

£ s, d,

O 5 9

19#

9 0 3

o

o 1

1

748

Appendix.

1805.

Appendix,

(No. 36.) 14* Martii, continued.

Countervailing Duties payable on Importation, in lieu of Countervailing Duties on the like Articles under former A

5v Schedule (F.)—'Countervailing Duties.

Silk Manufactures.

For and upon all Silks, being of the manufacture of Great Britain, and imported diretfly from thence, the following

Duties 5 viz. r . -

For and upon every pound weight thereof, containing 16

ounces, of all Ribbands and Stuffs of Silk only -

Of all Ribbons, and Ribbands of Silk, mixed with Gold or Silver Of all Silk Stockings, Silk Gloves, Silk Fringe, Silk Laces, Stitching and Sewing Silk - -

Of all Manufactures of Silk, not otherwise enumerated or described - - " " __"

Of all Stuffs of Silk and Grogram Yam -Of all Stuffs of Silk mixed with Incle or Cotton

• Of all Stuffs of Silk and W01 fled, mixed -

Of all Stuffs of Silk mixed with any other material -And so in proportion for any greater or less quantity.

Spirits.

For and upon every gallon of Spirits, being of the manufacture of Great Britain - "

* Sugar Refined.

Of the manufacture of Great Britain, '

~ For and upon every hundred weight, containing 112 Jbs.

Of all Sugars called Bastards, whole of ground -g Lumps ——

Single Loaf Sugar -Powder Loaf and double Loaf ~ Sugar Candy, brown -

Sugar Candy, white - - -' -

Of all Refined Sugar of any other forts -

Duties.

d.

o 2 61

034,

2 Of o 7f o ioi

o 5 O 7*

5

1 6 6

a 9 H

2 13 o a 16 ul

a 9; 8$ 2 l6 Ilf 2 l6 Ilf

5. Schedule (F.)—Countervailing Duties.

Sweets or Made Wines.

For and upon every barrel, containing 32 gallons Wine measure, of British Sweets, or other British Liquor, made determined by infulion, fermentation, pr otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit and Sugar mixed with any oilier material or ingredient whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the name of Made Wines -

Tobacco and Snuff.

For and upon every pound weight Avoirdupois of unmanufactured Tobacco, of the growth or produce of Great Britain, over and above any Duties of Cidioms now payable - For and upon every pound weight Avoirdupois of,

British manufactured Short Cut Tobacco, or Tobacco nianu-faClured into what is commonly known or called by the name of Spanish -

British manufactured Shag Tobacco, cut - - * -

British manufactured Roll Tobacco -British manufactured Carrot Tobacco -Of every other fort of British manufactured Tobacco not hereinbefore enumerated or described -British manufactured Rappee Snuff -British manufactured Snulf, called Scotch Snuff - * -

British manufactured Snuff, called Brown Scotch Snuff British manufactured Stalk Flour - For and upon every pound weight of every other fort or kind of British manufactured Snuff* or Snuff Work not hereinbefore enumerated or described -

Diittps.

L' *• i

5 5

0 9

0 * 5

0 1 3

0 1 5

0 1 3

0 1 5 0 1 a 0 1 9 0 1 1} 0 1 8

6. RESOLVED, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the several and respective Inland Duties and Taxes now payable in Ireland, by virtue of two Acts made in the Iaft Session of Parliament (except the Duties on Malt made, and Spirits distilled, in Ireland) do cease and determine; and that the several and respective Inland Duties and Taxes following be paid and allowed in lieu thereof; viz.

A S C HE DULE of INLAND DUTIES of Excise and Taxes for, upon, and in respect of, the several Articles therein mentioned.

Auctions.

Duties.

For and upon every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money arising or payable by virtue of any Sale at Auction in Ireland;

Of any Interest in Possession or Reversion, in any Freehold or Leasehold Lands, Tenements, Houses, or Hereditaments, and of any Annuities or Sums of Money charged thereon, and of any Utensils of Husbandry and Farming Stock, Ships and Vessels, and of any Plate or Jewels - - - * - - - 006

Of Furniture, Fixtures, Pictures, Books, ITorfes, and Carriages, and all other Goods and Chattels whatsoever (not exempted by Law) - - - -00 10

And so in proportion for any greater or less sum of such Purchase Money, to be paid by the Auctioneer, Agent,

Factor, or Seller, by Commission.

Coaches and Carriages—continued.

And for every such Carriage with two wheels, which he or (lie shall make, build, or conff ruct for sale, the sum of

By every person who shall fell any Carriage chargeable with Duty by this Act, by way of Auction, or on Commission, for or in expectation of profit or reward, in Ireland, the annual Duty of- ——

By every such person, for every such Carriage with four wheels, which he or she ilia.ll fell by Auction, or on Commission, for or in expectation of profit or reward as aforesaid, the sum of -And for every such Carriage with two wheels, which he or she shall fell by Auction, or on Commission, for or in expectation of profit or reward as aforesaid, the sum of ——

Duties.

O 10 Q

0 5

1 •

0 10

Dogs.

Cards and Dice.

l or and upon every Pack of printed, painted, or playing Cards, made, manufactured, or vended in Ireland - - -020

for and upon every Pair of Dice, made, manufactured, or vended in Ireland - . - .0150

Coaches and Carriages.

l or ami upon all the Carriages herein after mentioned, which any person shall have or keep 111 his or her possession at any time, from the twenty-fifth day of March 1805, the several yearly Rates and Duties following:

lor and upon every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Cnlash, or Chaise, with four wheels, and for un^l upon any Curricle, or other Carriage, with two wheels, drawn by two liorl’es abrealt (not exempt by 1 aw);

It such person shall not have, at the same time, more than one such Carriage in his or her possession, the yearly sum of -If such person shall have, at the same time, more than one such Carriage in his or her possession, upon each such Carriage the yearly sum of--.-----.

I or and upon every Chaise with two wheels (not otherwise charged nor exempt by Law) the yearly l’uni of -

f or and upon every Carr made uie ot and fitted up for carrying |>eiIons commonly known by the name of a Jaunting Curr^ or IMealure Carr, the \early sum of

Stage Coaches, Hackney Coaches, and Chaises, and Coaches, Chades, and other Carnages, kept fur hire, 01 kept by the Makers I01 l.de, excepted.

By every pcilon who shall carry on the trade of a Coach-fnaker, or Maker of any Carriages chargeable with Duty determined by tm* Act in lit land, the annual Duty of

By every Coaehmaker, or Maker of such Carriages as afore-Dal ior every Inch.Carnage with four wheels wmdi he or the •Wi make, huflj, oj comlruct lor laic, the sum of -

6 $ o

8 8 Q

4 4 0 050

050 i o

For every Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel,

Lurcher, or Terrier, and for every Dog of whatever description or denomination the fame may be, where any person shall keep two or more Dogs either for his or her own use, or the use of aoy other person or persons, the annual lum of - - - - 0 10

For every Dog, not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer,

Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier, kept by any person -liibject to the payment ot Ileurtli-money, Laving one such Dog and no more, whether the fame he kept for his or her own ule, or the use of any other peifim or persons, the annual sum of - - . 0 6

for every Dog, not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer,

Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher, or Terrier, kept by any person not subject to the payment of IJeaith-money, having one Inch Dog and no nioie, whether the fame he kept for his or her own life, or the use of any other person or persons, the annual 1 sum of - - _ _ _ _ . _ - I 0 3

i he Did Duties to be paid by the person rtfpccUvely keeping such Dogs.

Exemptions from the Duties.

Any person who shall be exempt from any Duty on his or her Dwelling-house, in respect of Windows, and not paving Ilea:th-money, having one Dog and no more, the lame not being a Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Lurcher, or Iciner.

Any person, in respect of a Do/or Whelp, which shall not actually be of the age of six calendar months.

Any person, in respect of the whole number of Hounds by him or her kept, who shall in any year within thirty days alter the 25th day ot March, in such year, pav to the Collector or Collectors of the said Duty in tire pariiii or place where such person shall he subject to Duty, the full lum <1 Thirty Pounds, by way ot compolitinn, to such Collector or C« Pectojs* and for wiiieh receipt fliuli Lu given withm the period before mentioned.

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

753

Account of the Charges on the Civil List Revenues, for Arrears, Ac.—continued.

D° - Dilhurfements -M milter Tien. -

Berlin:

Envoy & Plen. -

Secretary of Legation -

Sweden:

Envoy Ext. at Stockholm, £. ad D* - Ext. PUburfemenU Envoy Ext. £. 5 a day D° - Ext. DisbursemenU

Denmark:

Envoy Ext. A Plen. £. 8 a day D* - Ext. Disbursements Secretary of Legation -Chargfc des Affaires

Dresden:

Envoy Ext. A Plen. {.8 a day D# - Ext. Disbursements Secretary of Legation, £. i a day

D° - additional Allowance -Chargf des Affaire*

Hans Towns:

* Agent and Consul -Agent at Rotterdam Chargfc des Affaires

300-----

*>623-----

100-----

400-----

Estimated Charges on'Civil List Revenues, as per Accounts presented to Parliament. Total ' of > Estimated Charge. A dual Payments, made up to 15th March 1805. fl More Less

SECOND CLASS: The Lord Chancellor -Speaker of the House of Commons The Judges of England -The Justices of B airs -The Just ices of Cheiier - t For Arrears, * to 5th January 1804 For one Quarter to . 5th April 1804. 1 1 , For one Quarter 1 to 5th July 1804. U than fl Estimate. than , Estimate.

£■ 1,250 43., — 5,625 t)00 307 10 — £■ '• d. 1,250 450 5,625 600 .307 10 — £• *■ d. 1,250 455 5,625 600 307 10 — £. s. d. 3-750 1,340 16,875 1,800 922 10 — £. s. d. 3,750 L345 16,875 1,800 922 10 — £• s* d. 5 £. 4. 4.

c 8,217 10 — 8,232 IO 8,237 >o — 24,687 10 — 24,692 10 — 5 —

THIRD CLASS: Foreign Ministers. France:

Envoy Ext A Plen. £. 160 a week 1,300 - - 1,300 2,080 780 — —

Secretary of Emhidlv, £.20 day - 1S2 182 — — 182 —

D0 - Ext. Ddburiements - 100 160 —

Spain: Envoy Ext. A Pl«n. £ 8 & day 3,928 11 4i 1,300 5,228 11 4j 5,228 11 4j

Secretary ot Legation - 45° — — 150 - 600 600 —

Charge des Affaires ... 208 - - 208 — «f08 — —

Portugal:

Envoy Ext A Plen. £.8 a day 2,200 — 728 - 2,928 2,928 — —

D0 - Ext. Distxifiement.? 300 IOO - AOO 400 — —

Secretary of Legation, £. 1 a day - 184 91 - 275 275 — —

Turin:

Minister Plen. £. 3 a day 825 *— 273 - 1 1,098, 1,098 —. —

D* - Ext Ddburfeinents 225 75 - 3OO 3OO — —

Naples:

Envoy Ext A Plen. £. 8 a day 3,028 11 4} 1,300 - - - 1 5,228 u 4! 5,228 n 43 — —

Secretary of legation - 275 91 - - - 1 366 366 — — »— —

Charge des Affaires - 218 218 — — 218 — —

Florence: Envoy Ext. A Plen. £. 8 a day 2,200 — — 728 — 2,928 2,928

D* - Ext Disburl’ements 300 100 - 1 400 400 — —

Constantinople:

Ambaftkdor Ext A Plen. £. 100 a week - 3,(128 11 4? 1,300 - . 1 5,228 11 43 5,228 11 4} , r

Another - D° - - D° - ViS.5 >4 si - - 1 2,685 *4 3i *,68514 si — —

Secretary of Em ha :Tv. £. 2 a day - 550 182 - 731 732 — —

D° - Ext Disbursements 300 100 - - - 1 400 4*° — —

Minister Plen. ^.3 a day >,356 *,356 »,35« ——

Holland: Envoy Ext A Plen. £.100 a week - 3.028 11 4} 1,300 5,228 11 4! 5,228 11 4! ,

Secretary of Legation - 450 150 1 | 600 600 — —

Charge des Affaires - (i3o _ _ - - - 1 _ 1 ' 650 - " 650 —

Vienna: AmbafTador Ext. A Plen. £100 a «

week - 3.0-28 11 4j; L:loo - 5,2*8 11 4j 5,228 11 4! — ■

Secretary of legation, £. 1 a day - 275 — 91 - 366 366 — —

D° - additional Allowance - 185 61 - - - 1 «44 244 — —

Charge des Attuires - 462 462 —

Russia: Ambassador Ext. A Plen. £. too a week - 6,285 14 3 I 2,080 1 8.365 H 3 8,365 H 3

D* - Ext. Distnuff merits — 1 ' — | ——

Secretary of Em baby, £. 2 a day - 5.50 182 1 - I 731 732 — —

Appendix, (No. 37.)

15° Martiiy continuedL.

400-----

3,928 11 4$! 1,300 —

300-----

1,623-----I 1,623-----

5,228 11 4ft 5,928 11 4f | 300-----I 300-----

O4.O-----

‘200 -- —

— —

40a — —

2, *200 ---

300-----

275-----

455 — 100 —

7^ -100 —

91 —

L395 -

300-----

1,825-----

400-----

*,9*8 —

1,395 -

300-----

920 — -200-----

2,928-----

'375 — 300 —

-75 —

183 -

858 —

455

100

91

61

360-----

186-----

73°-----

120

62

Borne forward - £.\ 58,353 16 iojl 15,445-----

VOL. 6a

400 j 366 j ' 400 366

732

,830 i 1,830

400 3«6 1 1 400 366

2 44 858 00 & cn 4* 00 1 1 11

480 — — 248 1 480 248.—

73° 730

73»-----

73,798 16 ioj| 74,117 16 io$| 2,074-

9*

905 —

200 —

i,755 -

1

Appendix, (No. 37.) 15 * Mar tii,

continued.

k

7o4f

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Account of the Charges on the Civil List Revenues, for Arrears,

Third Class—continued.

Brought forward

Elector Palatine:

Envoy Ext. &c Plen.

D° - Ext. Disbursements Charge dcs Affaires Secretary of Legation -

Elector of Wirtemberg:

Envoy Ext. ^.5 a day D® - Ext. Disbursements -

Elector of Cologne:

Minister, £. 3 a day D® - Ext, Disbursements D° - additional Allowance

Malta:

Minister Plen. £. 3 a day D' - Ext. Disbursemerits D° - Ext, Extraordinaries

America:

Envoy Ext, & Plen. p a day D® - Ext. Disbursements Charge des Affaires

Minister to the Landgrave of Hesse CaflTel -Confal at Madrid -

Cadiz -

Carthagena

Genoa - -

Consul General at Morocco Consul at Tunis -

Tripoli -

D* Ext. Extraord. -D* Pro-Consul Algiers -

D° Extra Disbursements Triofte -

D° -

D*

D#

D* Additional -Embden -Consul General to America D° - to United States in D* -D* - at Gjrand Cairo -D* - in North and South Carolina Virginia -B* - Mafjhehofetts Bay -

Agent and Consul Lower Saxony (fee llarre Towns.)

Consul General at Albania and Mofea D° - Cevita V^chia A

Republic of Seven hfands:

Consul -

Resident -

D* - Ext, Disbursements

Foreign Ministers

Bills

FOURTH CLASS:

in the Lord Chamberlain's Department -D° - Lord Steward

- Mailer of the Horse

- Mailer of the Robes

IP

D

D* - for Stationary, ] Commons -Da - for Printing

i-

FIFTH CLASS:

Lord Chamberlain's Salary Salaries in his Department Lord Stewards Salary Salaries in his Department D® - Mailer of the Horse D° - Mailer of the Robes Vice Chamberlain’s.Salary Groom of the Stole - D° -Apothecary to His Majesty D^ - - to the Household Gentlemen of vhe Bedchamber -Grooms of D° -

Eftiraated Charges on Civil List Revenues, as per Accounts presented to Parliament. Total of A (flual Payments, made up to 15 th March 1805. More

For Arrears, to 5th January 1804. For one Quarter, to 1 5th April 1804. 1 For one Quarter, to 5th July 1804. Estimated Charge. than Estimate.

£■ d. 58.353 »°£ £. s. d. £. *■ d- £. d. £. 3. d. £■ d.

15,445 — - 73,79# 16 ioJ 74,117 16 104 2,074

2,200 728 - 2,928 2,928 —

300 100 - 400 — — 400 *

75 275 366 — - 91

- - - J 286 . 286

1,375 455 - 1,850 1,830 —

300 100 — — - 400 400

825 273 - 1,098 1,098 —

225 75 — - 300 300 —

- 125 " * " 125 125

825 273 — A - 1,098 1,098 — —

225 237 10 — - 462 IO 462 10 — —

712 16 — 75 «• - •* 787 10 — 787 10 —

2,200 — — 728 - - - 2,928 2,928 —

1,050. 100 - 1,150 — — 1,400 250

- " — * 1 730 73O

375 * . A m 375 375 —

750 :—r 250 - % 1,000 1,000 —

420 140 560 560 —

225 75 - 300 300 —

187 10 — 62 10 — - 250 r- 250 —

1 *85 295 - l,l80 1,180 —

600 200 - 800 800 —

285 95 - 380 380 —

450 - - 450 450 —

- - ' * 242 17 8J 44a 17 8J

450 150 - 600 600 146 7 lof —

- 146 7 lof I46 7 10;[ —

187 10 — 62 10 — - 250 250 —

187 10 — 62 10 — - 250 250 —

180 30 > 210 210 —

- 81 10 9 > 8l IO 9 81 10 9 i

• 1,297 17 6 432 12 6 1,730 IO — 1,73a 10 — —

1,342 10 — 437 10 ~ * 1,750 i>75°

1,312 16 — 437 i° — - 1,750 i,75® —

k 6®o 200 - 800 800 —

600 200 - 800 8«o —

600 2oo * * 800 800

1,312 10 — - - . - . 1,312 IO — i,75o 437 10 —

187 10 — 02 16 —. 250 250

150 50 200 200 —

825 270 - 1,095 1,098 3

225 106 — " 325 400 75

25,000 25,000 24,218 6 2 -

82,47114 4} 22,755 1 if 25,000 130,226 15 6i 131,879 9 5 4,189 7 H

■?—u 54,^46 5 19,261 4 3I 29,123 1 10; 102,630 11 3 i 100,081 17 4|

64,693 8 44 23,212 13 gi 22,700 110,606 2 2 110,242 14 2$ -

19,962 15 4 6,749 i» 7 10,600 37,312 5 n 38,055 5 7 742 19 8

98l 16 972 12 — 972 12 2,927 3,212 285 — —

r 1,195 1 ~ I 558 * 6 849 10 2 2,582 12 8 2,513 1* 9 -

2,473 839 16 8J QOO 4,212 16 8; 4>*35 16 8J 23

■ 33,673 8 3 5,769 11 10 9,555 48,998 — 1 48,998 it 6 -v — n 5

177,225 I4 1 57-343 10 84 74,700 4 —4 309,269 8 94 307,339 18 14 1,051 11 1

2,250 750 750 3,750 — — 3>75°

• so.337 ,5 9 6,785 7 6,785 8 7 33,908 12 11 33,908 12 11 —

M55 385 385 i,9»5 1,925 —

■ 21,854 H 7i 7,320 9 6| 7,000 36,175 4 2 3^,495 13 320 9 61

10,627 12 8 8lO 3,621 — 10 3,650 17,898 13 6 17,866 13 10 -

270 — — 270 1,350 1,350 —

450 150 J50 750 750 —

"1 i>5°o 500 500 2,500 2,214 5 H -

115 a8 15 — 28 15 — 172 10 — 172 10 — —*

53 6 8 13 6 8 13 6 1 80 80 —

9,000 — —. 3,000 3,000 15,000 13,934 1 3 -

4,875 — — 1,625 1,625 8,125 8,125 —

'• 73,oa8 9 8J 24,449 — 7l 24,15710 3 121,635 — 7 12«,571 17 5

1 ® f i 1

Less

than

Estimatf

£• t. i.

781 13 to

5,536 13 10

®*S4® >3 ,of

363 7"J

68 19

kj8i 1 9l

En

De

Vk

Mi

Co

h

Fel

Mi

Mi

Co

He

Co

Bil

Pr

Ti

a

Pi

K

Gi

C(

M

Ci

At

S.

At

Hi

Ki

a

Kt

Of

Of

Ki

Hi

Of

K«

Bi

Co

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix

755

Account of the Charges on the Civil List Revenues, for Arrears, Ac.—continued.

SIXTH CLASS:

Pensions without Fees -D° - formerly paid determined by the Paymaster of Pensions, and in lieu of Apartments at Somerset'house -J)9 - to the late Queen's Servants, and to the Princess Dowager of Wales's D* -D* - by Sign Manual -D* - by 1 *atents -D# - to late Foreign Miuillers

Compensations in lieu of Offices abolished:

In the Lord Chamber Iain's Department Lord Steward -

Matter of the Horse Mailer of the Robes

SEVENTH CLASS:

Kftimated Charges on Civil List Revenues, as per Accounts presented to Parliament.

For Arrears, to

5th January 1804.

£. s. d.

7,699 12 —

H,935 7 4

5A54 3 * 45.552 — 4

8,874 10 — 19,622-----

2,325-----

5,o93 5 — 1,160 12 —

i5t 4

110,467 13 10

Far one Quarter, to

5th April 1804.

C

2,104 7 —

3,87^ 14 4

l,*8l 5 8

11,636 — 1

2,161 2 6

6,*47 10 a

751-----

l,*°3 >5 — 381 8 7

50 8 —

39,694 11 3}

Salaries in the I x>rd Chamberlain's Department -Sir John Hynde Cotton -Vicar of the 'l ower -

Poor of St. Botolph Aldgate St. John the Uaptill St. Michael Cornhill St. Magpius -Schoolmaster, Southwell ...

University of Oxford, for a Preacher -ProfcfTor of Divinity Law Physic * History Botany

University of Cambridge, on a Perpetuity for a Preacher

Profdlor of Divinity Law

Physic -Hiilory Botany

Era&ndel College, Carnbridcc Dean and Chapter of Litchfield Vicar of Litchfield -Maher of the Temple -Corporation of Dartmouth Preacher at Hampton Court Fellows of Eton College -Mayor of Macclesfield, for a Preacher Ministers of the Savov D° - - - Isle of Man

Corporation of Lvnie Regis Heirs of Colonel Fairfax -D° - Nicholas Yates -Corporation of Berwick Bishop of Chester, for 4 Preachers Professor of Astronomy Treasurer of ChritVs Hospital Chancellor of the Garter -President of the Council -Keeper of the Privy Seal -Governor of Windsor Cattle Conttabie of Dover Cattle -Matters in Chancery Chief Justice in Eyre, N* of Trent D* - - - - S° of Trent

Attorney General -

Solicitor General -

Advocate General -His Majesty’s Council at Law King's Prime Serjeant - . -Clerks of the Council Keeper of the Council Chamber -Officers of the Ceremonies Officers of the Bath King’s Heralds and Pursuivants at Arms His Majesty's Serjeants at Arms Officers of the Ordnance -Warden of Windsor Forest Keeper of Hampton Court Park -Ranger of St. James's and Hyde Parks Conttabie of Dean Forest -

Borne forward - £.

6,150 10 10 1,700 10 6.J

5 6 8 1 6 8 1 6 8

6 *3 4 1 13 4 1 13 4

7 — — 1 15 — 1 15 —

7 *3 4 1 18 4 1 18 4

12 4 —’ 1 3 1 — 3 1 —

21 4 8 5 6 2 5 6 2

10 — — 1 2 10 — 2 10 —

10 _ I 2 10 — 2 10 —

\3 6 8 3 6 8 3 6 8

6 8

>3 4

6 8

40 40

400

20 o 10 10 >3 40 4o 400 200 16 10 *5 37 40 -40

42 50 60 loo loo loo loo 100

200 -

320 -

370 IO --

570 5 —

4.000 —

3.000 —

182 10

4.100 —

1.100 --

2,250 —

2,316

81

7°

20 1,600

41

1,400 164 521 500 — — 5>3 6 8 1.008 15 —

428 11 8

587 9 74 3 1.731 —

- 210 —

For one Quarter, to

5th July 1804.

3,104

>. d. 7 -

3,876 14 4

1,281 5 8

11,636 — 1

2,161 2 6

t>,i+7 10 U

751* — 1,200 — 390 — 50 8

29,699 7 *i

1,700 10 6}

10 — 10 — 6 8

3 4 10 —

>5 —

6 8

n

6

6 10

5 — 13 4

11

10

10

100 50 2 2

3 lo

10

100 5o

4

2

3 9

10-----

lo-----

lo 10 ---

12 IO —

*5-----

25-----

25-----

25-----

25-----

25-----

50-----

80-----

9*2 12 6 142 11 3

1,000-----

743 45 —

1,025 —

275 -562 10

579 3

20 6

17 10

200-----

10 6 8\

350-----

40 15 —

130-----

125-----

128 6 8

247 10 -106 12 11

14617 5$i

18 10 —

433 -

52 10 —

Total

of

Estimated

Charge.

11,908

---r

f h 6 —

22,688 16 —

7,616 14 6 68,834 — 6 13.196 15 — 32,117 — 2}

3,8*9

7*97

i.93»

253

— 7

169,861 12 9$

Acfluai Payments, made up to 15 th March 1805

£. d. 11,599 8 —

22,890 11 11

7,236 17 I

68,273 11 8

14,246 8 3

34,312 10 Si

3,801 10 — 7.500 15 — 1,914 10 7 252-----

More

than

Estimate.

172,028 3 3$

10 —

10 — 6 8

15 —

4

8

10-----

10 — —

loo-----

50-----

2

3

10-----

10-----

100-----

50-----

4 3 4

2 10 —

3 *5 — 968

10-----

10 — — 10 10 — 12 10 — 15-----

25-----

25-----

25-----

25-----

25 —

50-----

80-----

92 12 6 142 11 3

1,000-----

748 15 — 45 10 ~ 1.025 275 -

562 10

579 3

20

4

8

6

17 10 —

5-----

200 —

10 6 8J

350 -

41-----

130 6 8

125 —

128 6 8 250 5 —

107 — 11

146 17 53!

18 10 8

433 -

52 10 —

9,551 11 10J

8-----

10-----

10 10 —

11 10 —

18 6 —

31 17 —

>5-----

15-----

20-----

60-----

60-----

600-----

300-----

15-----

*5-----

2o-----

60 — —

60-----

600-----

300-----

25-----

15-----

22 IO —

56-----

60-----

60-----

63-----

75-----

90

150-----

150

150-----

150-----

150-----

300-----

480-----

555 15 — 855 7

6,000-----

4,492 10 —

273 -

6,150-----

1,650-----

3,375 -

3,475 -

122-----

105-----

30-----

2,000-----

62 — 3

2,100-----

246-----

782 —

750 -

770-----

1,501 642 881 111

£■ '■ d.

301 15 11

i,49 >3 3l 3,195 10 6J

3 15 —

3,450 14 8§

35,806 3 It I 8,902 16 lOM 8,912 2 2!

10 —

5

4 M

4 —

2,59B-----

3i5-----

9,5 u 5 6j

8-----

10-----

10 10 —

11 10 —

18 6 —

31 17

»5-----

15-----

20-----

60 — —

60-----

600-----

300-----

15-----

15-----

20-----

60-----

60-----

600-----

300-----

25-----

15-----

22 10 —

56-----

60-----

60-----

63-----

75-----

90-----

150-----

150-----

150-----

150-----

150-----

300-----

480 — —

555 15 —

855 7 6

6,000-----

4,497 10 — 273 10 —

6,150-----

1,650-----

3,375 -

3,475 -

122-----

105-----

30-----

1,819 8 4i! 62 — 3

2,100-----

246 5 — 782 6 8

750 -

770 -

1,504 5 —

640 14 43 881 4 ioi

ill 4 8

a,598 -

3i5-----

Less

than

Estimate.

Appendix.

(No. 37.)

15* Martii,

continued.

£■ '• d.

308 18 —

379 17 s

550 8 10

27 10 — 17 10 —

i,»84 4 3

4» 6 ai

5 —

— 10

180 11 7|

— 5 —

— 6 8

3 15 —

-----8

1 11 lj

53,621 2 — I 33,407 3«1 8 17 4 I 222 9 —2

t

756

Appendix,

(No- 37-) 15* Martii, continued.

Appendix.

Account of the Charges on the Civil I.ift Revenues, for Arrears, &c. continued.

E \ ENTII CL AS S—continued.

Brought forward -Warden of Waltham lore ft Riding Foretler, New Forest -Ranker and Lnderkeepers of Richmond Park . - ...

Out Ranger of Windsor Forest -Keeper of the House Park at Windsor K^per of the outward Gate at Windsor Castle - _ v

Keeper of the Records at the Tower -Keeper of the Council Records -* Keeper of the Records at Whitehall -Keeper of the Records of forfeited Estate! Keeper of His MajHly's Libraries Housekeeper at Welhmnfter Keeper of the Lions in the Tower Keeper of the Tennis Courts Underkeepers of Cranbourn Chace Ranger of Salcey Foieft -Keeper of the Records in the Tower, for 3 Clerks -

Knight Harbinger -Latin Secretary -Surveyor General Lands -Surveyor of Woods -One of the Auditors of the Land Revenue Another -

Another -

Digeliers of Records at Whitehall Mailer of the Hawks -

Examiner of Plays

Gentleman Ullier of the Black Rod -

Matter of Mechanics -

Clerk, House of Commons

Clerk Assistance D° -

Messenger of the Press

Engraver of Seals -

Auditor of the Exchequer

Clerk of the Pells -

Deputy Chamberlains, Exchequer

Keeper of Records, Court of Exchequer

Deputy Chamberlains for sorting Record:-

Senior Teller, Exchequer

Three others, D°

Auditors Clerk, Tally Court Clerk of the Pells, Tally Court -Auditors Clerk, for Extra Business -Register of Loans

Chamberlains, Exchequer - y

Deputy Chamberlains for llriking Tallies Two others for D° -

Messengers of the Exchequer - v-

Grooins of D° - " "

Clerks of D° on their Latin Order -

Porter of D° - * " "

Cursitor Baron, Court of Exchequer

Solicitor in D° "

Clerk of the Pipe - -

Pipe Officers -

Treasurers Remembrancer -

Two Secondaries in said Office ^d Secondary m D° '

Clerks in D* - - ' ,

King's Clerk, Crown Office -

Clerk Foreign Eilreats, Court Common

Pleas - " ,

Foreign Appofer in the Exchequer -Clerk of the Nichills King's Remembrancer -

Secondaries and Clerks - -

Clerk of the Pleas, and his Clerks -Clerk of the Foreign Estreats, Common Pleas -

Band of Gentlemen Pensioners -Uffier of the Exchequer, for Pay ot Watchmen - - - ~ ‘

For Swannimote Courts in Windsor

Fore ft - - - " ‘

Under Clerks of the Council for Extra

Bufi net’s - - "

Clerk of the liana per, for Expence of the Office

Officers Committee of Trade

Corporation ot Lyme Regis, lor repaii -ing the Pier -

Estimated Charges on Civil List Revenues, as per Accounts presented to Parliament:

For Arrears, to 5 th January 1804. For one Quarter, to 5th April 1804. — \ I or oneQuaiter, to 5th July 1804.

£■ s. d. £• s• £■

35,8o(5 2 11 8,902 16 io- 8,912 2 2$

270 67 10 — 67 10

5oo 125 125

178 10 — 44 5 — 44 u —

600 150 150

600 150 150

*5 6 5 - 65 —

500 125 125

500 125 125

160 40 40

* 200 50 50

300 75 75 - "

926 25 — 256

228 2 6 56 5" 56 17 6

132 3 4 33 — — 33 — 8

20 5 5

40 10 10

150 37 10 — 37 10 —

195 16 8 48 6 8 48 16 8

280 70 70

1,000 ' 250 250

too 25 25

300 75 75

400 100 - — 100

100 25 25

97° 242 10 — 242 10 —

1,372 10 — 343 2 6 343 2 6

400 100 100

200 50 50

150 37 10 37 —

10 2 10 — 2 10 —

600 150 . 150

50 12 10 — < 12 10 —

265 — 10 115 — 10 115 — 10

238 10 — 91 18 9 91 18 9

40 10 10

900 225 225

80 20 20

8 6 8 8 6 8 8 6 8

23 15 — ,23 15 — . 23 15 —

14 2 6 14 2 6 14 2 6

1 5 — 1 5 — 1 5 —

100 25 25

50 26 1 8 12 10 — 12 10 —

26 1 8 26 1 8

5 5 5

2 10 — 2 10 — 2 10 —

606 16 10 156 16 10 156 16 10

— 10 — — 10 — — 10 —

3o 7 10 — 7 10 —

20 5 5

65 16 8 65 8 65 16 8

150 37 10 — 37 ,

107 4 2 26 16 —J 26 16 —I

64 11 8 64 2 1 16 2 11 16 211

16 — 6 ] 16 — 6J

9 2 5 — 25 —

26 13 4 6 13 4 6 13 4

11 5 — 2 16 3 2 16 3

50 12 10 — 12 10 —

20 5 5

40 10 10

20 5 5

55 J7 4 13 l9 4 13 *9 4

15 13 4 3 18 4 3 18 4

6 10 — 1 12 6 112 6

96 13 4 24 3 4 24 3 4

6,000 i,5°o 1,500

104 8 — 108 109 4 —

40 10 10

400 ——

• 500 — 500

3.330 100 «37 10 — 837 10 —

59>357 1 4 15.49-2 7 61 15,504 6 6i

Total AiRual

of Payments

Eftiinated made up to

Charge. 15 th March 1805.

£• s. d.' £■ s. d. 3i

53>2i 2 — 53>4°7 10

4°5 — — 4°5 — —

750 — — 750 —

267 6 — 267 12 —

900 — — 9°0 —

900 — — 900

37 10 — 37 10 —

750 — — 663 19

750 — — 75o — —

240 — —- 240 —

300 — — 300 —

450 — — 450 —■ —

J3 13 — 13 13 6

34» 5 — 34i 17 6

198 4 — 198 4

3« — — 3° — —

60 —; 60 ——

225 — — 225 — —

293 — — 293 10 —*-

420 — — 420 — —■

1,500 — — 1,500 — -—

* 150 — — 147 15 6A

450 — — 450 — —

600 — — 600 -— —

150 — — 150 — -—

i<455 — — 1,455 — ■—

2,058 15 — 2,058, 15 —

600 — — 600 — —

300 — — 300 -— —

225 — — , 225 — —■

15 — — 15 — ——

900 — — 900

75 — .— 75 — —

495 2 6 495 2 6

422 7 6 422 7 6

60 — 60 — —

1,350 — — i,35« — —

120 — — 120 — —

25 — — 25 — —

7i 5 — 71 5 —

4* 7 6 42 7 6

3 15 — 3 15 —

150 — — 150 — —

75 — — 75 — —

78 5 — 78 5

15 — — 15 —

7 10 — 7 10 —

920 10 6 920 10 6

1 10 — 1 10 —

45 — — 45 — —

3o — 30 — —

197 10 — 197 10 —

225 — — 225 — —

1,60 16 3 160 16 3

96 17 6 9617 6 ii

96 3 i£ 96 3

13 10 — 13 10 —.

40 — — 40 — —

16 17 6 16 17 6

75 — 75 '

30 — — 30 — —

60 — — 60 — —

3° 83 16 — 3° 83 16 — ,

23 JO — 23 10 —

9 15 — 9 15 "

145 — — 145 — —

9,000 — —— 9,000

321 12 — 322 16 —

60 — — 60 — —

400 — — 400 — —

1,000 — 1,000 — —

5,025 — — 5,025 —

100 — — 100 — ——j

90.353 >5 4$ 90,254 12 9*1 1

More

than

Estimate.

£■ ' i-

8 17 4

0 6 ---

— 6 is 6 — 8

— 10 —

1 4 —

11 11 —

G i:’ O . 11 X

Appendix.

757

Account of the Charges on the Civil List Revenues, for Arrears, &c.—continued.

‘ Eftiniated Charges on Civil List Revenues, as per Accounts prel'ented to Parliament. Total of A dual Payments More than Estimate. Less than 1 Estimate.

• eighth class. { For Arrears, to 5 th January 1804. For one Quarter, to 5th April 1804. For one Quarter, to 5th July 1804. Estimated Charge. made up to j 15th March 1805.

£■ t. £. s. d. £. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £ s. d. £ *•

imiilionevs of the Treasury - 8,000 <- 2,000 2,000 12,000 12,000 6,033

t Conmuftiom r of D° - 4>°22 1,005 10 — 1,005 6,032 10 — — 10 — —

- nccllov of the Lxehequer - 1,600 4OO 400 2,400 2,400 — —

‘200 50 50 300 300 — —

■ 13,8-2-2 3455 10 — 3455 20,732 To — 2°,733 — 10 — —

OCCASIONAL PAYMENTS. the Protcfrant Dilienling Ministers n EiiKhind 850 850 — 1,700 1,700

the Relief of the Poor Trench Pro-eftunt Clergy - 1,718 4 — 859 2 — f 4 2,577 6 — 2,577 6 —

- - - of the Laity 6,872 16 — 3,436 8 — - 10,309 4 — 10,156 15 — - 152 9.—

:hbilhv>p ot \ ork, for Arabic Pro-eUns - 100 450 550 550

eliea Waterworks, for supplying the IrcaUiry ----- 52 14 — 13 3 6 13 3 6 79 1 — 79 1 —

- - Kensington Palace and Garden 150 37 10 — 37 — 225 225 — —

_ a etiiry of State, Foreign Department, boiitmgencies - _ m 9,000 5,000 14,000 14,000 - -

‘fe!!g(MS ----- - - - 5,000 3,000 8,000 8,000 ■— —

ficiency or Tees - 4>74» 18 3 960 9 1 2,500 8,202 7 4 8,073 3 2 - 129 4 2

- - Home Department, Contingencies ----- 3,000 1,500 4,500 4,500

ft longer s ----- - - - L5‘>o 1,500 3,000 3,000 — 1 —

hcicncv ot Fees - 3)-78 10 3 661 14 9 2,126 6,066 ii — 5,6i7 4 7 - 449 6 5

- - War Department, Contingencies - - — 2,^00 — — 3.850 — 5,850 — 5,850 - -

ifengers - - 500 2,000 2,500 — 2,500 — —

Tuhtncy of Tees - - . 500 500 — 3jo 2 4 - 189 17 8

eafury, DeJieif :u*y of Tees 5,i34 3 P{ 3,270 16 7} 5,000 13,7°5 — 4? 13,782 8 3 77 7 i°i —

* - - Contin*.- at Expences - 1,512 6 y 533 15 l 350 2,396 1 10 2,477 J5 10 81 14 — —

avor, Aldermen, and Sherifis of London, Impost on Wine - IOO l6 loo 16 — 201 12 — 100 16 — 100 16 —

inifiers of the V, udois Churches, ct al. 1,828 5 4 457 1 4 457 1 4 2,742 8 — 2,742 8 — — —

*puty ChamberLin of the Exchequer and Officers of the iuliy Court 1-577 6 3 66 7 6 691 2,334 *3 9 4,242 8 3 11,907 14 6 —

ipenny; of St. James's and Hyde Parks- - 167 14 10 m 225 392 14 10 330 15 ni - . - 61 18 ioJ

rd Chamberlain, to pay Mcftcngers Hills " - - - - 1.515 2 1 m m _ 1,515 2 1 1,515 2 1 —

ntiii^rt Expectiv. of Coe State Paper Odin* - - - - 435 13 ‘I 243 2 9 678 15 10^ 66a 11 i7 I - - - 16 4 9

;t. Lxtniordbnaries to Mimfu'rs at Foreign Conns - 5,528 10 — 12,975 18 6 14,3481311 32,853 2 5 31,386 18 11 - - - 1,466 3 6

>venu>r of the I lie of W’Lht, for Sur-plniage in his Accounts 3i8 15 4 m _ _ - - - 318 15 30° 15 4i 1 18

Cideins in Odice of Committee of Trade - 2.749 13 5 890 8 6 862 14 6 4.502 16 5 3,8/6 11 4 - 626 5 1

'(pence? of Windsor Great Park 3,386 4 4 1,200 1,200 5,/86 4 4 6,074 >5 lk 288 11 3.\ —

tihtl of the lower, for Contingent Ihlbuifeiiu-nU - - - 336 14 m m m - - - 336 14 l 336 H 1 — —

cidentai Expences of the Record Office in the Tower 74 4 i° 74 4 10 _—

•eeial Service and Royal Bounty - 2,481 10 — <VH7 5 4 8,728 15 4 8,729 5 4 j - 10 - —

ieiill's, for Conviction of Felons - - - 2,540 1,270 3,810 — — 3,810

- - for Overpayments on their Accounts m m m 226 5 8-j 191 19 3 418 4 418 4 nj — —

ding. Charges for Mefttnger.s of the Receipt of the Exchequer 521 14 9 72 6 — 594 ~ 9 594 — 9 — —

- - of the Court of Exchequer - - 250 250 239 10 — - 10 10

pa page to Ministers at Foreign Courts - 500 L500 — - 2,000 2,000 — —

ud Almoner, for Alms - - 759 10 __ - 759 10 — 759 10 — — —

■nl -of Mote Park - ■- - - 324 8 6 - 324 8 6 324 8 6 — —

Ac. on Receipt of His Majesty’s Privy Purse - — 434 12 6 450 8 — 885 — 6 885 — 6 —- —

•efents to Foreign Ministers -tblic Office, Bow-street - - 1,691 7 — 1,426 11 6 3,117 18 6 3,117 18 6 — —

- - - 3.oi5 4 3 3,075 16 — 6,091 — 3 6,091 — 3 — —

•reign Secret Service - 25,000 ’ 25,000 25,000 — —*"

)me Secret Service - 5,000 5,000 5,oooo — —

iw Charges -----.s Majesty’s Chanty to sundry Female Objects in dilirefs - 10,000 10,000 10,000 — "

1,232 12 6 1,232 12 6 1,232 12 6 — —

•airman of the Se (lions at Weft minder, for Dinners ----- 219 7 6 219 7 6 219 7 6 — —.

ng s Heralds and Pursuivants at Arms, for Droits on the Creation of Peers - 245 — 245 —

£- 42,655 13 10* 6o,i57 7 6I 1 101,441 8 1 204,254 9 61 t 203,708 16 2,675 '1 5i - 3,520 15

Vol. 6o. 9 G

half

Appendix, (No 37-)

150 Martii,

continued.

____JJ

Appendix, (No. 37.) I5* Martiiy

758 Appendix. A 1805

Account of the Charges on the Civil List Revenues, for Arrears, See.—continued.

ABSTRACT of the foregoing Account.

lft Class Royal Family

2d D° - Judges -

0d D - Ministers at Foreign

4th D*- Bills -

5th D° * Salaries

6th D° - Pensions

7th D° - Salahes

8th D* - Treasury

Occasional Payments -

Courts

Estimated Charges on Civil List Revenues, as per Accounts presented to Parliament.

For Arrears; to 5 th January 1804.

£■ s. d.

35,625 — —

8,217 10 —

82,471 l4 4i

>77,225 H 1

73,028 9 00

110,467 13 10

59,557 1 4

>3,822 — —

42,655 13 10

603,070 17 3

For one Quarter, to

5th April 1804.

£. s. d.

50,625-----

8,232 10 — 22,755 1 li

57,343 10 81 24,449 — 7 b 29^94 11 3l 15,492 7 61 3,455 1® — 60,157 7 6$

272,204 18 9j

MONIES Received to defray the above Charges:

Dispofable Money in the Exchequer on 5th January 1804 -

Repaid to the Civil List for Sums advanced thereout for Public Services -

Annuity for the £ ending 5th April 1804 -Surplus of Exchequer Fees -

Annuity for the J ending 5th July 1804 -Sarplus of Exchequer Fees -

C *- A

- 225,000-----

- 4,000-----

225,000-----

4,132 3 5

Grant of Parliament to make good Deficiency cf Civil List Revenues to 5th July 1804 ......

For one Quarter, to

5th July 1804.

£• *. d.

50,625-----

8,237 i° —

25,000 — —

74,7oo 4 —1

24,157 I® 3

29,^99 7 H

15,504 6 6i

3,455 -

101,441 8 1

332,820 6 6j

£• s. d. 153,007 1 2j

5,246 17 6

158,253 18 8j

229,000-----

229,132 3 5

591,842 3 ioi

Total

of

Estimated

Charge.

£. s. d. 13M75-----

24,687 IO ---

130,226 15 6

309,269 8 9i

121,635 — 7 169,861 12 gj

90,553 15 4i

20,732 10 —

204,254 9 6\

1,208,096 2 7i

1,208,228 6 — I

A 61ual Payments made up to 15 tli March 1805.

£■ s-

136,875-----

24,692 10 —

131,879 9 5 307.339 18

120,571 17 172,028 3

90,254 12 93

20,733-----

203,708 16 6£

»4

5

3i

1,208,083 7 7

More

than

Estimate.

£■ »• <1. 5-----

1,652 13 lof

2,166 10 5J

— 10 —

3.82414 4

Less

than

Estimiie.

£ «• i

',92910 »}

1,063 3 1 299 2 6j I 545 12 !i|

3,837 9 4I

Payments as above, for Charges prior to 5th July 1804

Remaining to be Paid for Charges exceeding the Estimates laid before Parliament; viz.

3d Class - - For Allowances to Ministers at Foreign Courts - - - £.1,528 -

6th Class - - For Pensions to late Ministers at Foreign Courts ... 0.07^ -

Total Charge Money received for defraying the fame -

Deficiency

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 15th March 1805. )

£. u d.

1,208,083 7 7

’ ' ‘ r" 10,603

- 1,218,686 7 7

- 1,208,228 6 —i

£• 10,458 1 6*

W. HuJkiJJbn.

Appendix,

(No. 38.)

Martil.

MINUTE of the Lords of the Council respecting Licences to be granted for the Exportation and Importati

France, Spain, and Holland.

At the Council Chamber, Whitehall, the iStli of May 1803:

Prerent-—'The Lords of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

j^5..Al)_Several applications of the Merchants of London trading to the Continent, dating, That their Trade and Commerce is greatly embarralTcd by the late political events between this Country, France, Holland, and Spain, and representing that they have a great deal of Property now lying in the Ports of France, Holland, and Spain, which has in part been paid for, and which is considered as being British Property, and having no means of getting fuel) produce trom those Countries, unless ths Government of this Country would grant

Licences, under His Majesty's Sign Manual, to allow the Importation in Neutral Vessels of such Goods and Merchandize upon the fame terms as during the late war.

Their Lordships came to a Resolution, That it be recommended to His Majesty to grant Licences under Sign Manual, for the Imports tion of Goods from France, Spain, and Holland, of the fame description as were allowed during the late war, and in the same manner; and also to recommend to His Majesty to grant Licences for the Exportation of such Goods, tb those Countries, us were allowed during the late war; and that this be considered as a general rule with respect to Exportations and Importations to and from France, Spain, and Holland, until further Order of this Board.

45 Geo. III. * Appendix. T59

4

Appendix (No. 39.)

ACCOUNT

OF THE

PUBLIC INCOME OF G Ft EAT BRITAIN,

FOIl THE YEAR ENDED FIFTH JANUARY 1805*.

SCc. Ss'c.

Vol. 60.

A. 1805

App,

(No

15* il

cvnti

Appa.

(No

i8‘il

Appendix.

1 i

UES and EXTRAORDINARY RESOURCES Constituting the PUBLIC

ie,—the Amount of the Gross Receipt; the Rate Per-Centum for collecting the femeand, the

i Head respectivelydistinguishing also, the Payments into the Exchequer; and the Amount

the 5th of January 1804 and 1805 respectively, whether Appropriated or Unappropriated; and the A’

:E: RATE Per-Centum for which the GROSS revenue was Collected. drawbacks, DISCOUNTS, Cl Paid out of the G R HARC.ES of M ANAGEMEN V, tcz. OSS REVENUE-. NET PRODUCE Applicable to National Objects, and to Payments into the Exchequer. P 1 fv p r

AL M ie ted for. Repayments, Allowances, Dif-counts, Drawbacks, and Bounties of the Nature of Drawbacks; Difference of Exchange between Edinburgh and London j Allowances to the Two Uni verities on Account of Almanacks, and for Paper and Parchment to (lamp on. Irish Packet Establishment, with £.4,000 allowed to Ireland in lieu of Packet Postage; also, Irish Postage, received m Great Britain, and placed to the Debit of this Kingdom. CHARGES of MANAGEMENT. TOTAL PAYMENTS out of the GROSS REVENUE.

t.a. 0 3 hi 6 19 5 £• *• J-4 17 4 788 £. J. d. £■ *■ 505.6S5 '3 5 6i,343 >3 5 £. d. 1,937.33° *3 7i 216,629 1 6} £. i. i* 8^51,719 10 3}! 608,577 17 loi

£• *• *- 1,431,675 0 21 155,285 8 \\

7 3 4§ S I 1' 1,586,960 8 4 - - - 566,999 6 10 2,153*959 15 2 9,060,297 8 2}

* 4 7t 7 1 iol. a 16 1 786 899,9C9 13 %l 92,99914 4 - - - 5*9,200 x 1} 126,070 4 2| 1,489,109 14 10 219,069 18 6{ 19,511,98, 9 9’ M)W7 3 3S

9 6 5i! 3 3 0 992,939 8 cl 715,270 5 45 1,708,*79 *3 4; 20,990469 I3 I

; >5 9 »ij a iS 6 5 >7 1 109,033 14 5 3>2^7 5 3 - - - 104,304 16 11 13,0^6 18 6\ 114,43811 4 16,354 3 l. 3,357,717 4 7\ 207,167 5 11

5 * j 3 in 113,200 19 8 - - - i*7*59* *5 5a 230,792 15 1* 3.564,894 10 6*

•3 *#' is sii 4 5 11 5 18 6 - - ... 261,801 8 3! i', 63 17 7 261,801 8 3} 13,163 17 7 5,*33,5°J 5 5 208,982 17 ic*

9 2 470 - - 274*965 5 ioi 274,965 5 i°? 6,042485 3 31

12 9 4 7a 24 2 1 12 19 5 - *9»OI7 3 1 3*3*98* 13 10 20,562 11 4 332,999 16 11 20,562 11 4 969419 15 10 137,932 *3 32

17 22 17 11 - I9»C17 3 1 334*545 5 * 353»562 8 3 1,107,358 9 i\ 1 lz [ r 1 t- !. 'r 1 t I: 1 i l:

oo^a 0 12 xo 090 260 0 0 - - - 3°5 17 9i 29 8 8 3°5 *7 9v 289 8 8 46,880 19 7{ 6,116 19 Ii;

6 oi 0 12 6 260 0 0 - - - 335 6 595 6 51 52,997 *9 7l

7 3i 8 11 0 12 7 0 12 3 99 *4 6 - - - 372 IO 2 *7 5 3 47* 4 * *7 5 3 58,533 * 7; ' 1-745 3 »4|

16 3 0 12 7 99 14 6 - - - 389 5 489 9 II 61,278 6 4 j

5 7i 897 - - - •- 2*47° 14 3a 1,470 14 31 26,656 11 311

‘i* 4 29 12 8 - - - - 2*954 *4 9 2,954 14 9 7»o*4 3 7

8 3ii 4 8 3 2,693,430 10 6\ 19, OI7 3 1 2,015,522 9 7| 4,727,970 3 2$ 40,9*3*452 5 1

lx 0 1,126 6 11. 1,126 6 11 9,785 5 *

<4 icj >;6l 14 >c!

, 12 4^ 63.648 11 41

0 0 3 0 °

\; 3 2 ——

V

4

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix

INCOME of GREAT BRITAIN, FOR THE YEAR ENDED THE FIF

Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Gross Receipt on each Head respectively;—distinguishiiv of the Balances or Bills in the Hands of the several Officers of the Revenue, on the 5th Days of January Amount of the Exchequer Bills, Navy Bills, and Transport Bills, Issued for the Public Service, 1

RATE Per-Centum for which the NET PRODUCE of the REVENUE was Colletted. PAYMENTS out of the NET PRODUCE, Applicable to NATIONAL OBJECTS: — ✓ V

f Militia and Deserters Warrants $ Defence of the Realm j Purchase of Legal Quays $ and other Services. Bounties for promoting Fisheries, Linen Manufactures, See, Pensions out of the Hereditary Revenue 5 and Perpetual Pensions and Stipends charged on the Land Revenue. Towards Expences incurred in securing and improving His Majesty's Woods and Forests. By Virtue of Wai rants of the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, under the Authority of different Acts of Parliament, towards the Support of the Civil Government of that Country. Monies Imprest in the Hands of different Persons, and Advances on Account of the Redemption of the Land Tax. TOTAL PAYMENT out of the NET PRODUCE

£•*• '• 5 *9 7 10 i 7 £■ '• 76,689 12 6 £■ «• a 247,667 6 10J 56,538 16 q\ £• *• <*• £■ >■ a. 54,476 16 6| £■ «• 1,156 4 9 3C9 1 * £• *•' 3*5>5*3 4 111,174 14 1

6 5 * 76,689 12 6 304,056 3 8 - - 54,476 16 6J 1.465 6 5 436,687 19

3 0 4 8 10 6 1,250 0 0 20,002 1 10J 12,465 15 4i 14,000 O O 84,359 8 10 " " 34,002 1 1 98.075 4

3 * * 1,150 0 0 32,467 17 3 14,000 O O - 84,359 8 10 - - 132,077 6

3 2 % 663 13,0 50 O O 13,050 0

3 S 11 13,050 O O 13,050 0

4 9 9 660 266,73* 5 H 25,625 16 11 *9.936 5 4} 286,668 10 25,625 16

411 0 -■ 292,358 2 G-: - - 19.936 5 4l 312,294 7

31 7 9 14 18 1 - - ~ - - 13,700 O O - " " 13,700 0

30 4 2 - " - - 13,700 O O - - - - " ~ - 13,700 0

0 13 0 095

0 12 7

0 12 8 O 12 4

0 12 8

9 5 3

4* 2 3

4 18 6 370,297 14 336,524 011 27,700 O O - 138.836 5 4l 34*5» it 9\ 907,809 12

X—.—— - - - - ’ — X— ‘ - . - - —

Appendix

A. 1805.

V

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

763

Appendix, (No. 39.)—

ACCOUNTS

RESPECTING

THE CONSOLIDATED FUND,

AND

THE NET PRODUCE OF THE PERMANENT TAXES OF GREAT BRITAIN,

FOR THE YEAR ENDED FIFTH OF JANUARY I 805.

764

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix, (No. 39.) continued, 21* Martii.

Ah ACCOUNT of the INCOME of the CONSOLIDATED FUND of CiU'AT for the \ear ench,l

Fund, as it flood on the 5th day of January 1805 (subject to such Decrease in the Charge as may ari e 10 applicable to paying the Charge for Debt existing prior to the year .803; and also, the Income denyed front the Dut.es m.poM such Charge was created in each of the said Years.

INCOME.

F Consolidated, after reserving £.62,500. Quarterly, from 5th July 1803, as

CUSTOMS:

S Quarantine Duty -LCanal and Dock Duty

£■ s. d.

4,°59>°36 15 li

17,358 10 _1 n

22,559 19 3

EXCISE - - Consolidated

d.

4,098,955 5 61

79s,54° >6

Consolidated, after deducting the Surplus of the Duty on Receipts, A0 1803,

by Ad 43 Geo. III. cap 126 ‘I 2,070,061

Reserved out of Consolidated Stamp Duties, at £. 3,077,463. 18. per Annum,

STAMPS: J by Ad 44 Geo. III. cap. 98. to commence from 10th October 1804 -

Compositions for Stamps, per Bank of England

Licences for felling Lottery Tickets ......

769,365 19 6

24,000-----

2,823 18 8

o

a>

«o

Q<S

tn & w

.incidents

Letter Money - ‘ -

f"Houses and Windows Inhabited Houses

Ilorfes for Riding, &c.

D® - - Husbandry Male Servants -Carriages - -

'Dogs -

S. C £■ 10- per-Cent. -£ o < C-'lo.per-Cent. -<j [ Clocks and Watches -

Hawkers and Pedlars -

Iiackncy Coaches and Chairs -

6d. per Lib. on Pensions -

1 s. - - - on Salaries -

Seizures -

Profers - ......

Compositions - -

Rent of Alum Mines -

D° - of a Lighthouse -

Alienation Duty -Fines and Forfeitures -

2 ( Hair Powder Certificates, A° 1795

S *o Horse Dealers Licences - - 1796

£ Armorial Bearings - - - *798

C Hair Powder Certificates -<*5 e\ 1

< 6^ J Horse Dealers Licences

I. O U*

2 <3 e Armorial Bearings -

914,000-----

1,407,896-----

452,034 6 6 418,592 1 — 3S7>764 2 208,330 3 260,589 13 96,7»3 9

61

3

834

6 11

3

v-~

r Reserved out of Duty on Moufes and Windows by Ad 43 caP* J6i. at ,£.1,897,896. per Annum, to commence

g April 1804 -j Inhabited Houses -

Geo. III. from 5 th

g 6 1 inimuutu .-----

g O Horses for Riding, &c.

D° - - - Husbandry and -Mules

Male Servants Carriages -^Dogs -

M CO . «n P~

Carried forward

7>835-----

26,286 —■— 61,278 — 51,01612 4

63,648 12 4J

615 3 2

3-----

960-----

6 13/ 4

2,934 9 »° 556 -

59,268 19 8

4,089 12 7

31,472 17 io£

3,320-----

lfiO-----

1,620 --

409,000 --- ‘

3-2,300 —

105,38‘2 —

127,100

37>47° " 41,290 — 18,650 —

2,866,850 18 2

5,233,°'2°

24,997,367

4o Geo. III.

Appendix.

765

the 5th day of January 1805: and also of the Actual Payments thereout within the said Year; and of the Future Annual Charge upon the said Charges of Mamnjeinent of Stock purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt);—distinguishing the Income in each subsequent Year, together with the Charge created in each corresponding Year, and in respect of what Sums raised, or Bills funded,

Appendix, (No. 39.) 21* Ma,

continued.

EXCHEQUER:

Annuities for Long Terms, £. 3,700. per Week, Excise -Anno 1706 -

1707 -

1708, per 1 ft Act D* - - 2d D®

for 2 and 3 Lives Single Lives, Anno 1745

1746 -

>757 -

with Benefit of Survivorship - - 1)° -

>77» ......

>779 ......

A° 1766 ......

A° 1789; with Management

SOUTH SEA COMPANY

On their Capital of£. 24,065,084. 135. 11Ad. at £.3 p< r-Cent. per Annum; with Charges of Management -

Cl I ILF CASHIER OF THE SOUTH SEA COMPANY:

Annuities on £. 1,910.600, at £. 3 per-Cent. per Annum; with Charges of Management -

BANK OF ENGLAND:

On their Capital of £.4,000,000, purchased of the South Sea Company; with'

Charges of Man genirnt -

£.5 000,000, for cancelling Exchequer Bills -£.1,250,000, granted A° 1714 - - . -

£. 1,750,000, -----1719 ......

£.3,200,000, - - - - 1743; with Management £. 986,800, - - - - 1746 -

C s

t<

L.

,a> a1

4-»

a

CHIEF CASHIER OF THE BANK OF ENGLAND:

Annuities on £. 321,846,775. 14. 24. Capital of £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, at 5th January 1803 ----- with Charges of Management -

On £. 106,047,310. 1. 9. Capital of £.3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, at 5th April 1803; ----- - with 1)° -

On £. 1,000,000. at £. 3 per-Cent. A° 1726; - - with D° - -

On £. 49,725,084. 17. 2. at £. 4 per-Cent. - - with D° -

On £. 28,125,582. 19. 7. Consolidated Annuities, at £. 5 per-Cent. 7 r

with L)° 5 >3*

On £. 13,263,553. 8. 0. £.5 per-Cents. Annis 1797 and 1802, fub-frnbed into £. 5 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, at 10th October 1804, by Ad 44 Geo. HI. cap. 99; - with D° £. 333,0S0. 19. 8]

On £. 22,352,456. 5. o. at £.5 per-Cent. Annuities, Annis 1797 and 1802; with D°

For 09, 98, So, 78, 77, 75|-, 69], 66], 64], 63J, 62J, 6iJ, and 58] Years, granted Annis 1761, 1762, 1780, 1782, 1783, 17S4, 1790, 1794, 1795, 1796, 1797, 1798, and 1802, - -- - with Charges of Management

For 30 and 29 Years, granted Annis 1778 and 1779, and for 18 Years, A0 1790, in lieu of Life Annuities at the Exchequer ----- with D® -

O11 £. 3,833,333. 6. 8. A° 1795, at £. 3 per-Cent. called Imperial Annuities, with D° On £. 3,669,300. A° 1797, at £. 3 per-Cent. Imperial Annuities - with D° - For 25 Years, Imperial Annuities, A0 1795 - with D° -

GOVERNOR and COMPANY" of The BANK of ENGLAND, upon Account of the Commithoners appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt.

Annual Charge by Ad 26 Geo. III. - -

- - - D* - - - 42 D° -

Annuities £. 14 per-Cent. and 2-7ths Excise, by Acts 4th and 5th, and 5th and 6th Will, and Mary, at the Exchequer, which expired A® 1792 -

- - - for 10 YTears, which expired A° 1787 ——

Annuities at £. l-per-Cent.; viz.

On £.170,995,486. 19. 4. £. 3 per-Cent Consolidated Annuities -

£. 43,911,487. 10. o. £. 3 per Cent. Reduced Annuities -

£. 16,975,084. 17. 4. £. 4 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities -

£. 10,255,589. 9. 9. £.5 per-Cent. - -1)° ...... -

£. 22,352,456. 5. o. £. 5 per-Cent. - - D® - - Annis 1797 and 1802

Long Annuities, calculated on the future Actual Value thereof, at the end of 45 years,-from the respective commencement of the said Annuities, reckoning the fame at £. 3 per-Cent.

On £. 139,250, being the Proportion for Ireland of £. 1,740,625. Capital, created A° 1802, upon which the Interest is not to commence till 5th January 1808 -

On £v3>C69>3°° Imperial Annuities, created A° 1797 ......

Carried forward -

Actual Payment out of the Consolidated Fund, in the Year ended 5th January 1005. Future Annual Charge upon the Consolidated Fund* as it Rood on 5th January 1805.

£: d. £• d.

8^60 13 4 24,724 11 6 8,152 2 2 4,918 12 7 »o.597 5 3 8,195 12 — 12,318 5 — 22,466 10 — 24.567 5 — 2.769 13 — 5.174 18 7 24,724 11 6 8,152 2 2 4,918 12 7 10,597 5 3 8,195 12 — 12,318 5 — 22,466 10 — 24,567 5 — *,769 13 — 5,174 18 7

54® 54o

44.372 1 — 44,452 1 —

735,974 13 11 ,735,974 13 11

58,294 11 if 58,292 1 9

121,898 3 5 15,000 37.500 52.500 100,000 29,604 121,898 3 5 15,000 37.500 — — 52.500 100,000 29,604

9,767,563 5 9 9,755,on 19 6

3,201,419 6 8j; 30,450 2,010,201 17 — 3,197,404 — 2$ 30,450 2,010,201 17 —

> 1,752,016 12 9; 2,099,527 13 2

1,127,681 8 4 458,535. 2 10

1,036,736 2 6] 1,036,736 2 6$

423,039 5 9i 423,039 5 9i

116,725 " m,5i5 t 10J 232,587 10 — Uncertain.

1,000,000 200,000 1,000,000 200,000 ,

54,880 14 6 54,880 14 6

25,000 25,000

l,76,954 17 + 439, H4 17 6 169,750 16 10 102,555 17 5 223,524 u 3 1,706,954 17 4 439,114 17 6 169,750 16 10 102,555 17 5 223,524 11 3

43.542 0 1 43,542 0

1,392 10 — 1,392 10 —

36,693 36,693

25,141,373 13 6| 14,333,961 n i£

766

Appendix.

A. 180

Appendix,

(No. 39.)

11* Martii,

continued.

[-----v,-----

Account of the Income of the Coniolidaled Fund of Gr*.i

I N C O M E—continued.

Brought forward

Surplus of«£-

f Duty on Sugar

Malt Tobacco

•Annually granted,

Land Tax, Anno 1709

1800

1801

1802

1803 > 1804

- D0 on Pensions, Anno 1799

1800

1801

1802

1803

Income Duty Anno 1709

1800

1801

522,312 7 6

755>iil —

168,497 —

8.33» 12 8

,9.521 9

36.+°1 16 3i

93.505 lS 2i

586,941 — ,

222,748 3 5-i

«.3»o 1 5

12,518 19 54

11,814 10 6

32,236 13 _ 1 /

66,645 — —

1,172 12 5l

20,359 1 4

59,516 13 —i

Money reserved on account of Nominees appointed by the Lords of the Treasury, in Tontine A# 1789 -

A Additional Afiefted Taxes, A* 1708 -

Arrears 0 | an(j ^lait Duties prior to D° -

Voluntary Contributions ——

MONIES PAID BY

Abraham Newland, Esq. on Acco1 of Commissioners of Exchequer Bills

Edward Roberts, Esq. Residue of Exchequer Fees -

M. Winter, from a Person unknown, for Conscience-fake -

\V. Fenwick, Sheriff for Durham, under a Writ of Extent against William Hunter, et al.

The Rev4* R. Willan, Representative of William Field, on account of the East and West Essex Militia ......

Robert Lukin, Esq. Agent to Foreign Corps, from 4th December 1794, to 24th February 1801

Major General Donkin, on Account of the Royal Garrison Battalion and Queen's Rangers

N. Collver, Esq. on Account of the nth Light Dragoons, additional Company of the 4th Regiment of Foot, 75th Regiment of Foot, and British Legion Cavalry -

Fountain Elwin, Esq. on Account of the King s American Rangers, and 70th Regiment of Foot

Edward Smith, Esq. for Conscience-fake ——

E. Brodrip, on Account of the Lincoln, Monmouth, and Nottingham Militias, to March 1783

W. Cowden, Agent to Captain Wall’s Independent Company -

A. Wood, Esq. on Account of the 31ft Regiment of Foot -

IMPREST MONIES repaid by

Willm Dunlop, Agent General at Jamaica, under General Clarker &c. See.

Rob1 Randell, Esq. on Account of Lieut. E. B. Littlehaiies -Lord Balcarras, Lieut. Governor and Commander of Jersey -R. B. Cox, Agent to the Oxfordshire Militia -

Col. Nettles, of the 21ft Regiment of Dragoons -

A. Adair, Esq. on Account of the Cumberland, East Kent, and Westmorland Militia Capt. Wm Bedford, Deputy Quarter Master General of the Forces in St. Domingo -Col. Brent Spencer - -.-Da-----D°-

Lord Dunmore, Governor of Virginia -

Lieut. Col. Drinkwater, late Commissary of Accounts in Holland -1. Coutts, Esq. on Account of General Gardiner, for His Majesty's Special Serv:

F. St. Leger, Executrix of Barry St. Leger -

The Honble H. Fox, Administrator of the late Lord Holland, Paymaster of the For*

William Booth, Deputy ComtnitTary of Accounts -

Col. John Frazer, Governor of Goree -

The Executors of Sir William Chambers, Surveyor of the Works done at Somerset House Lieut. Col. Smith, Commander of Leogane, from 20th December 1793 to 10th September 1804 The Executors of Rich4 Rigby, Paymaster of the Forces -

W« Chinnery, Esq. on Account of Lieut. CoL Rudyard -

vice

ices

Carried forward

£. s. d.

£- s. d

24»997»3^7 u 2

1 >445,9*0 7 6

201,000-----

36,664 7 — 8 17 6 137 13 8

92—2

1,900-----

5,423 21 1

*>7*5 3 4 1,055 5 10

8 — 1,431 16 6 46 11 1,4! 1 —

4 4 5i

110 17 7

1,206 6 4i

727 10 6

1,859 16 7

3*4H 2 5

4 7 10

6 8 7

576 12 6

243 3 9

525 — —

27 1

1,200 — —

626 7 —

8 14 4

1,372 6 11

80 19 —

8,695 12 —

341 14 4

967,449 19 6f

129,525 4 US

81,048 6 9

24,220 8 11J

1,496 19 6\ 4,3U — 11 590 17 9

250,894 7 2

21,031

2i

27,923^30 9 54

Or

4>5 Geo. Ill

Appendix.

767

Britain, for the Year ended 5th January 1805—continued.

C H A R G E— continued.

Brought forward

CIVIL LIST:

For the Support of His Majesty's Household L>° - per Ad 44 Geo. III. cap.

COURTS of JUSTICE:

The Judges of England and Wales, in augmentation of their Salaries -Aaron Graham, Esq. Inspector of the temporary Places of Confinement of Felons, previous to Tran importation, by Ad 4a Geo. III. cap. 28. -

William Baldwin, Esq. Receiver of the Seven Public Offices of Police -Patrick Colquhoun, Esq. D# - - of the Thames Police Office Keeper of the Manaper in Chancery -

John Bedford, Esq. Chief Justice of the Admiralty Court in the Island of Barbadoes

Henry Moreton Dyer, Esq. -John Sewell, Esq. -

Alexander Croke, L.L.D. - - -Represent* of John Holland, Esq.

The Sheriffs of England and Wales -

D* - - -D# - - - -!)•-----D* ——

MINT:

Baham as -

- Malta

- America -

- Jamaica -

Mafier of His Majesty#s Mint in England -

Thomas Morrison, Esq. Receiver of the Fees and Emoluments in the Office of the Mint in the Tower of London, by Ad 30 Geo. 111. -

Master of His Majesty’s Mint in Scotland ......

SALARIES and ALLOWANCES:

The Right honourable Charles Abbot, Speaker of the House of Commons, to complete his Allowance of £. O', 000 per annum ——

Marquis of Bute, late one of the Auditors of the Imprest -

Philip Deare, Esq. late Deputy - - - D* - _ - ,v -

Edward Roberts, Esq. on the Yearly Sum of £.650, formerly paid to the Auditor of the Exchequer - - -~-

John Tho# Butt, Esq. Commissioner for auditing Public Accounts -

John Martin Leake, Esq. another -

John Erskine, Esq. another ——

Sir C. W. Rouse Boughton, Bart, another -

The Honb,e Bartholomevr Bouverie, another ——

Salaries in the Office of Clerks of Public Accounts -

George Atwood, Esq. Inspector of Certificates in Tontine A* 1789 -

Chief Cashier of the Bank of England, for Fees paid at sundry Public Offices -Thomas Marffiam, Esq. Secretary to Commissioners for issuing Exchequer Rills, by Ad 35 Geo. III. -

PENSIONS:

His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales ----- - Ditto

----- Duke of York

----- - Clarence

...... J - . Kent

----- - Cumberland

----- - SulTex

----- -- - Cambridge

----- - Gloucester

- - -- - Ditto Her Royal Highness the Duchess of York Earl of Chatham ——

Lord Rodney Heathfield Indy Dorchester John Penn, Esq.

Ric hard Penn, Esq.

Lord St. Vincent -

-----Duncan

-----Nelson

- - - Hutenifon -Lady AD-rcromby -Sir Will.,mi ilenry Ashhurst Lord Rol-iyn r

Sir Sidney Smith . - - - . -

Duke of Richmond -

Sir John Skynner -

Representatives of Arthur Onfiow ——

Sir James Saumarez, K. B.

Duke of Portland, for the Prince of Orange

Lord Boringdon and others, in Trust for Lord Amherst

VOL 60.

Carried forward

9k

Actual Pa r meat out ot die Consolidated Fund, in the Year ended 5th January 1005.

£• *■ d. i5i14,r373 »3

898,000

30,000

18,204 3 u

35®

15^22

7»°3*

3.000

1.000

1.000

M73

5.3o8

5*«

»3 —

5 —

Future Annual Charge upon the Contui idated Fund, as it flood on 5th January 1805.

Appendix, (No. 39.) 2i* Martiit

continued.

£. *.

*4 >333>96l 11

898,600

60,000

d.

*4

8

10

* Vi

4,000-----

17,250-----

3,^77 * 9

1,200-----

2,585 9

7.000 — Boo —

650 —

1.000 — 500 — 500 —

1.000 —

1.000 — -

6.000 — 800 — -

1,656 10 -

500-----

6&000 —

69.000 —

14.000 —

12.000 — 12,000 — 12,000 '— 12,000 — 12,000 —

8,000 —

9.000 —

4.000 —

4.000 —

2.000 — 1,500 — 1,000 — $,000 — 1,000 — 2,000 —

2,000 --

2,000 —

2,000 --

2,000 — 2,000 —

3.000 —

1.000 --

12,666

500 —

3.000 — 1,200 —

16,000 —*

3.000 —

Uncertain*

2.000 2 >000

2.000

2.000

2.000

4,000

13,800-----

Uncertain,

1,200

Uncertain.

7.000

300 — —

650-----

1.000 -----1

500-----

500 — —

1,000 —

1,000 -

6,000 — —

Uncertain.

*3 4

1*6,455,728 *o 7|

65^06 — —-6o,opo — —

14.000 — —

12.000 -

12.000 — —

12.000 -

12.000 -

12.000 -

8.000 -

9.000 -

4pO°°-----

4.000 -

2.000 — — 1,500 — —

1.000 — —

3.000 -

1.000 -

2.000 -

2.000 -

2.000 -

2.000 — —

2.000 -----*

2.000 — ■—

1.000 -

12,666 13 4

500-----

3.000 -

1,200 — —

16,000 — —

3.000 -

«5.62o,778 4 Si

Appendix,

(No. 39.)

£ i9 Martu,

continued*

768 Appendix. A. 1805.

Account of the Income of the Consolidated Fund of Great

- - —-— — ■1 f I N C 0 M E—continued* 1

£. s. d. £». d.

Brought forward * m — % 27,923,856 9 51

Money paid by Messrs. Puget and Bainbridge, for Interest, Management, and £. I per-Cent.

on Loans raised in Great Britain for the Service of Ireland, Anhis 1797, 1798, w

1799, 1800, 1801, and 1802 913,180 1 4 013,180 1 4 1

Total Income of the Consolidated Fund, applicable towards paying the Charge existing

28,837,036' ip 9 i 1

DUTIES pro A° 1803:

Surplus Duty on Receipts, A9 1803, per Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 126 - - 45,207 4 7

- - - Duties on Houses and Windows, per Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 161. to commence from

5th April 1804 96,065 4 8 1

Reserved out of Consolidated Customs, per Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 68. from 5th July 1803, at

£.61,500 per Quarter - 250,000 I

Money paid by Messrs. Puget and Bainbridge, for Interest, Management, and £. 1 per-Cent.

on Loan of £.2,000,000 (part of £. 12,000,000 raised by Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 67)

for the Service of Ireland - ... . - 136,549 H

. Total Income, of Duties pro A9 1803 \ - £. 527,822 3 11 I

A DUTIES rao A* 1804: Surplus of Consolidated Stamp Duties, by Act 44 Geo. III. cap. 98, to commence from

loth October 1804 ......... .. 442,264 15 3 I

Money pud by Meflirs. Puget and Bainbridge, for Interest, Management, and- £. 1 per-Cent.

, C-4>5o,oooo (part of £. 14,500,060, raised by Act 44 Geo. III. cap. ) for the Service of Ireland - . - _ 2*5,449 1 3 I

Total Income of Duties pro A9 1804 - - - - . 667,713 16 6 1

D^--- D9-- - 1803 - 527,822 3 M

• D# - - - D° at 5 th Jan^ 1803 - 28,837,036 10 9I j

Toxat 1.icons of CoKJOLiDATSD Fund, in the Year ended flth January 1805 - ‘ * 30,032,572 11

- Exchequer, thoaift March 1803.

45 GrEO. III.

Appendix.

769

Britain, for the Year ended 5th January 1805—continued.

C H A R G E—continued.

Brought forward

BOUNTIES, See. .

For the Encouragement of the Growth of Ilemp and Flax in Scotland -

To J. Williams, Esq. Secretary to the Commissioners for enquiring into Abuses in the Naval Department -

To Richard Clarke, Esq. ’Chamberlain'uf the City of London, for the better Improvement of the Port of the City of London ——

Total Charge upon the Consolidated Fund created prior to 5th January 1803, | as it flood in the Year ending 5th January 1S04 - )

Actual Payment out of flu* ConluInJttietj Fund in the Ytjir ended 5th January 1005.

Future Annual Charge upon the-Consolidated Fund as it food on 5th January 1005.

-Append’*,

Jfc— (No. 39.)

,a 1 ’ Martii,

torU'mu(d.

£. S. d.

26,455,728

£■ s. d.

25,620,778 4 5!

2,036 13 8

500 — —

20,000-----

2,956 13 8

Uncertain*

DEBT incurred in respect of £. 12,000,000, raised for the Service of the Year 1803:

Annuities on £. 9,600,000, at £.3 per-Cent. added to £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities; with Charges of Management -

26,470,185 4 31 23,623,734 18 ij

- - On £.9,600,000, at £.3 per-Cent. added to £.3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, with D

- - For 56! Years, at 6$. 5 d. per-Cent. added to Long Consolidated Bank Annuities, with D(

- - At £. 1 per-Cent. on the above Sums, payable to the Commissioners for the Reduction

of the National Debt -

Total Charge for Debt incurred in the Year 1803 -

- c

DEBT incurred in respect of £. 14,500,000, raised for the Service of the Year 1804:

•Annuities on £• 11,890,000, at £.3 per-Cent. added to £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities; with Charges of Management - _ -

- - - On £. 14,500,000, at £. 3 per-Cent. added to 3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, with D°

- - - At £.\ per-Cent. on the above Sums, payable to the Commissioners for the Reduction

of the National Debt -

Total Charge for Debt, incurred in the Year 1804 D° - - for D® - - - - 1803 -

D® - - created prior to 5th January 1803 -

, Tota l of the Actual Patments out of, and Future Charge upon, l -

the Consolidated Fund, for the Year ended 5th January 1805 - )

294/480-----

409,542-----

54,522 8 4

J95,765 5 7

954,309 13 11

325,593 8 — 154,747 I® —

13»,950 -

292.320 -

292.320 -

38,933 2 6

195,765 5 7

819,338 8 1

1362,050 10 —-J

:44i>525 -

263,900-----

612,290 18 — 954,309 13 11 26,479,185 4 31

i,o67,475- 10 — 819,338 8 1

25,623,734 18 1$

28,045,785 16 -.2-1 27,510,54816 2$

James Fisher.

770

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 39.)

21 Mart#,

contimed.

A* ACCOUNT of the NET PRODUCE of all the PERMANENT TAXES of GREAT BRITAIN; taken for

Two Years, ending respediirely the 5th January 1804 and 5th January 1805.

CConsolidated, after reserving £. 150,000 per Annum, by Ad 43 Geo. III. > V cap. M.; from July 1I03 -j

CUSTOMS Quarantine Duty

) £. 4 and j per-Centum Canal and Dock Duty

Consolidated

EXCISE

STAMPS-

f Consolidated, after deduding the Surplus of the Duty on Receipts, 1803, by [

1 Ad 43 Geo. III. cap. 116 ......

1 Reserved out of Consolidated Stamp Duties, £. 3,077,463.18. per Aanom ) by Ad 44 Geo. III. cap. 98.; to commence from 10th October 1804 I Competitions for Stamps, per Bank of England ....

L Licences for Selling Lottery Tickets -

INCIDENTS -f

Letter Money

Arrears of Duties repealed by Ad 43 Geo. HI. cap.i6i.

Houfts and Windows, after reserving as directd 7 by Ad 41 Geo. II I. )

Inhabited Houses -

Horses for Riding, See. -- - D° - Husbandry -

Male Servants -

Carriages -

Dogs -

Arrears

f/.io,

U.*».

per Cent -_ per Cent. -£ Clocks and Watches

Hawkers and Pedlars - -

Hackney Coaches and Chairs -6 d. per Lib. on Pensions -li. * D°* Salaries -Seizures

Profers -

Compositions - - - -

Bent of Alum Mines ——

D* a Lighthouse

Alienation Duty -

First Fruits of the Clergy Tenths of D°

Fines and Forfeitures - r -

Arfbars of Waggons -

f Hair Powder Certificates, A* 1795 Arrears: < Horse Dealers Licences - 1796

( Armorial Bearings - - - 1798

Per Act C Hair Powder Certificates 41 Geo. III. < Horse Dealers Licences cap. 69. (Armorial Bearings - -

In the YEARS Ended

5th January 1805.

5th January 1804.

£. a. d. 3,672,494 19 11

*>983 15 8 27*815 18 9i

37.784 — H

*4*297.313 — — 3>i33»368-----

24,000-----

5,329 *5 10

892,000 —* —

1,809,623

4°4,956

54t925

536,369

224,822 291,879 112,204

16

16

1

4

18

16

-i

23

13

H

2

u

4*

£• >• d.

4.059^36 15 7j

>7.358 to 7J 35,135 14 4 a®>559 >9 3

l2>798,54° 16 8}

5,070,661-----

769»35 19 6

24,000-----

2.813 t*

914,000-----

1,407,896-----

6

1 1 7

416 15 i|

99 it 2i

5,269 — — *6,097 13 6

53,‘66-----

45,056 -

79,39 11 ij 637 — 3

2 10 — 960 — —

4 4

Du tie. granted by Act 43 Geo. III. cap 161. on

'Referred out of Duty on Houses and Windows, by Act 1 43 Geo. III. cap 161. £. 1,897,896 per Annum, to > commence from 5th April 1804 - - -)

Inhabited Houses .......

Horses for Riding, fee. .....

D° - Husbandry, and Mules -

Male Servants - -

Carriages ........

6 13 2,767 15 3.896 7

9.8*8 4

60 13 «— 2

si

4

45,052 2 9 2,388 12 10J 21,443 — ill

DUTIES pro A* 1803:

Brought from Consolidated Customs, £. 250,000 per Annum, by Ad 43 Geo. III. cap. 68.; 1 from July 1803

Surplus of Duty on Receipts, A* 1803, per Ad 43 Geo. III. cap. 126. - -

- - D* - - -Houses and Windows, 1804, after reserving as directed by Ad 43 Geo. HI. 7 cap. 161,; to commence from 5th April 1804 - - . - j

DUTIES pro A* 1804:

Surplus of Consolidated Stamp Duties, after reserving as directed by Ad 44 Geo. III. 7 cap» 98.; to commence from 10th October 1804 - - j

Surplus of Duties Annually granted, C Sugar, Ac. after discharging Exchequer Bills < Malt charged thereon - - - (/Tobacco

Duties granted to discharge f Sugar, dec. -£. 2,000,000. < Malt -

Exchequer Bills, Annually. (Tobacco -

Exchequer, 1

the 21ft day of March 1805. J

26,321,874 17 nj 125,000-----

*4,436 17 8

26,461,311 15 7

452,034 6

4*8,592 1 387,764 2

208,330 3 260,589 13 96,713 9

2|

4:

9

6;

3

834

6 11

H

6

7,8.35-----

26,286-----

61,278 — 51,016 12 4. 63,648 12 4^ 615 3 2

9^0-----

6 13 4 2,934 9 10 3.205 '3 4l 9,890 12 10 556 -

59,268 19 8 4,089 12 7 31,472 17 10$

3,320-----

160 — — I,<40-----

4.9,000-----

32,300-----

105,382-----

127,100-----

37.47® -

41,290-----

18,650-----

*5,051,599 1‘ H

250,000'-----

45.207 4 7 96,065 4 8

25.442.872 — 442,264 15 3

26,461,311 15 74

672.705 7 1°! 937.407 19 11 156,707-----

25,885,136 16 2}

522,312 7 6 755,111-----

168,497-----

28,228,132 3 5

1,871,198 10 7I 316,184-----

295,233-----

30,710,747 14 — j

27,331,057 3 8i 1,492,180 6 gj

209,617-----

279,629-----

29,312,483 i° si

James Fisher.

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix

771

An ACCOUNT of the Value of all IMPORTS into, and all EXPORTS from Great Britain, for Eighteen Yens, ending the 5th of January 1805; distinguistung each Year, and diffmguishing the Value of imports from the Kali Indies and China, from the Value of all other Imports: And diffingnishing the Value of British Produce and Manufactures Exported, from the Value *f Foreign Articles Exported; together with the difference between the Official Value, and the Declared Value, of British Produce and Manufactures Exported, in the Year ending the 5th January 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 39.) continued. 22° Mar tit.

Official Value of Imports from Official Value of

1 East Indies and China. 1 All other Parts. \ British Produce and Manufactures Exported. Foreign Merchandize Exportedf including Over-effinnted Value on Coffee. Foreign Merchandize Exported, after deducting Over-efti mated Value on Coffee,

■£. £• *- d. £■ d. £. s. d. £

Year ending 5th January 1788 3,430,868 — 6 >4.373,14$ >5 7 12,053,900 3 5 4,81.5,889 3 1 4,606,054 1 9

- - - 17*9 3.453.897 3 5 >4.573,27* >7 10 12,724,719 17 9 4,747,518 10 4,517,766 2 9

• - - 17 2° 3.3^.545 4 >4.458,557 5 9 >3,779,506 2 6 5,561,042 15 1 5,379>965 10 3

- - - >79« ! 3,149,870 14 4 >5,981,015 10 11 14,921,084 9 7 5,199,037 7 7 ' 4*979,797 >8 7

- - - 1792 , 3/»98,7i3 >3 — >5,971.069 — 7 l6,8lO, Ol8 16 4 18,336,851 6 11 5,921,976 10 11 5,670,412 16 1

- - - >793 2,70,»547 9 4 >6,957»8io 17 3 6,568,348 16 6 6,120,998 12 5.

- - 17«H j 3,499,023 12 10 *5.757.693 16 10 13,892,268 17 7 6,497,911 9 3 5,784.417 6 3

- - - >795 4.458,475 > 5 17,830,418 19 — 1 >7^5,402 l6 2 10,022,680 (2 8 8,386,043 4 6

- - - >796 I 5,760,810 8 3 16,976,079 1 8 16,338,213 2 2 10,785,125 15 2 8,509,126 14 10

- - - >797 1 3.372.689 — 6 19,814,630 17 11 19,102,220 3 11 11,416,693 11 10 8,923.84* 10 8

- - - >708; 3,942,384 5 1 17,071,572 12 4 16,003,103 6 1 12,013,907 2 — 9,412,610

- - - 1799 1 7,626,930 6 9 20,230,959 1 11 19,672,503 — 9 13,019,274 >3 >> 10,617,526

- - 1800 1 4,284,805 9 10 22,552,626 16 5 24,085,213 — lO 11,907,116 3 11 9,556,144

- - - 1801 ! 4,942,275 >0 9 25,628,329 15 7 24,304,283 >3 6 18,8+;,735 1* — 13,815,837:

- - - 1802 5,4*4,44» >6 4 27,37l,i'5 5 25,647,412 4 3 25,699.809 6 1 16,601,892 10 2 12,087,047

- - - 1803 5,794,9°$ >3 3 5 26,993,129 13 — 19,127,833 3 8 14,418,837

- - - 1804 | 6,348,887 9 1 21,643,577 8 7 22,252,027 11 7 11,5-10,35 9 10 5 9,326, }68

* * >805 1 23.993.i6o 18 5, 23,934,*9' >> > >3.537,097 >5 >0 10,515,574

Inspector General's Office, 1 . William Irving,

Custom-House, I/>ndon, > Inspector General of the Imports and

22d March 1805. j Exports of Great Britain.

Note.—In the year 1606, certain Rates of Value were affixed to the several Articles Imported into, and Exported from this Kingdom $ and, consonant to these Eirumtes, the ledgers of the Inspector General's Office are ffill kept, and the Public Accounts Hated accordingly.

The Official Rates are in general much under the true Value, but in one or two Inffances (particularly Coffee Exported) they greatly exceed, and therefore in the foregoing Statement the Price of Coffee has been reduced to as nearly its real Value, in each Year, as could be ascertained.

The Declared Value of British Produce and Manufactures Exported under the Act of the 43d of His Majesty, cap. 43. amounted in the Year ending 5th January 1804, to £.40,100,870, and in the Year ending 5th January 1805, to £. 40,349,642.

The Account of the Value of the Imports from India and China, for the Year ending 5th January 1805, cannot yet be prepared.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of VESSELS, with the Amount of their Tonnage, which have been Annually Built and Regiffered in the feveraf Ports of the British Empire, between the 5th January 1803 and the 5th January 1805.

- - - - YEARS. Vessels. Tonnage.

In the Year 1803 - -In the Year 1804 - - being the Account delivered last Year, and now corrected - - - * - >,402. 94°- >35,349 92,09*

Copies of the Certificates of Registry granted at many of the Ports in the Plantations, for the Year ending 5th January 1805, not being yet received, the Vessels that may have been built at such Ports are not included in this Account.

March 22d 1805.

T. E. Willoughby,

Register General of Shipping.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of VESSELS, the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys usually employed in Navigating the fame, which belonged to the several Ports of the British Empire on the 30th September, in the Years 1803 and 1804s d i ft ingui thing Great Britain, Ireland, the British Plantations in America, and the West Indies; as far as the fame can be prepared.

England -Jersey -

Guernsey ——

Man -Plantations -Scotland -Ireland -

Total Regiffered in His Majesty’s Dominion

On the 3ath September 1803, being the Account delivered last Year, and now corrected. On the 30th Septembe r 1804:

/; Ships. Tons. Men. t Ships. Tons. Men.

- 14»°*29 i,709,34i 115, *74 >4,589 1,782,326 115,271

" 87 7,440 1,021 . 78 7,037 649

- 112 10,215 1,472 no 10,058 769

353 8,402 2,011 420 10,009 2,426

2,825 >81,787 14,386 2,870 196,628 15,091

- 2,422 191,805 >4.436 2,597 207,810 14,917

1,065 58,873 5,228 1,061 58,060 5,176

1 20,893 2,167,863 153,828 21,725 2,271,928 154>299

The Returns from many of the Ports in the Plantations not having been received for the Year ending 30th September 1804, the Amount of Shipping at such Ports is taken from the corrected Accounts of the Year preceding.

March 22d 1805. VOL. 60.

T. E. Willoughby,

Register General of Shipping*

9i*

772

Appendix

A. 180.1

Appendix, (No. 39.') 22* Martii,

continued.

An ACCOUNT of the Number of VESSELS, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys employed in Navigating the fame (including their repeated Voyages) which Entered Inwards and Cleu.ed Outwards, in the several Ports of England, from or to all Parts of the World, between the 5th January 1804 and the 5U1 January 1805: distinguishing British from Foreign Vessels; and the Countries from whence the said Vessel arrived, or to which they u,:

bound.

ENGLAND. r

I N W ARDS.

BRITISH.

COUNTRIES. Ships. Tons. Men.

C Britirti Colonies 208 36,674 1,998

America < £ United States - 38 9,578 552

Africa - - 35 8,788 698

Barbary - - 5 621 30

Botany Bay, or New South ] \Vales - - - J !■ 1 438 38

Dantzic - - 165 32,484 1,404

Denmark and Norway - - 377 ’ 46,181 3,229

Fail Indies - - 46 43,503 4,699

Flanders -

Florida - - * - - 1 184 10

France

Germany - - - - 39 5,285 286

Gibraltar and Streights - - 25 4,267 207

Greenland & Davis’s Streights 84 25,606 3,357

Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, &c. 487 37,544 2,193

Iiambro' - -

Holland - 4 >,989 103

Honduras (Bay of) 26 6,736 361

Hudson’s Bay - 4 805 85

Ireland - 4,067 395,587 21,986

Isle of Man 347 n,734 1,092

Italy - - 29 4,956 311

Malta - - 19 4,334 235

Nootka Sound

Portugal and Madeira - - 217 33,884 1,881

Prussia - - 542 121,833 5,283

RufTia - 651 143,893 6,211

Southern Fishery - - 36 10,773 869

Spain & Canaries - 20, 3,124 157

Sweden - 57 8,923 466

Turkey - - - - »3 2,877 155

f British - 444 136,180 7,642

W alt Indies < Conquered 163 40,835 •2,469

Foreign - - 23 5,328 563

Total - 8,>73 1,184,944 68,571

FOREIGN.

OUTWARDS.

BRIT1S II.

FOREIGN.

Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. IN ten. Ships. Tons. Men.

297 50,662 3,128

329 81,531 3,956 34 8,106 47 8 382 93,927 4,605

3 228 21 166 38,822 5,222 10 2,017 129

1 3°° 17 2 190 16 — — —

1 222 25 — — —

104 25,679 . 985 42 8,436 394 41 12,113 496

730 137,466 7,112 579 92,034 4,957 809 132,927 6,922

I 28l 23 63 58,476 6,419 — — —

1 70 3 - l -124 6

23 4,898 241 1 151 9 11 2,328 127

67 10,301 501 - 9 1,025 55

136 14>°23 694 86 16,207 769 181 23,253 1,093

1 60 3 46 6,396 393 11 1,968 104

77 ‘ 23,790 3,011 — — —

3 252 15 744 49*399 3,128 2 244 13

4 1,046 57 - 8 1,654 75

723 55,700 3,162 - 517 4°>354 2,517

1 150 7 21 6,041 387 — — —

3 814 60 — — —

36 5,34i 272 4,492 456,165 24,954 1 67 4

1 116 8 342 13,126 1,008 — — —

44 8,468 469 16 2,432 168 109 19,535 1,024

19 2,75i 186 2 45o 32

1 194 29

131 16,019 1,012 188 29,635 1,799 115 19,089 1,120

1,167 132,050 5,853 2S8 62,180 2,832 1,182 132,056 6,364

24 8,163 321 440 96,594 4-394 53 10,421 461

49 14,283 i,397 — — —

224 33,903 1,813 21 2,916 183 254 39,422 2,196

137 22,156 1,262 66 10,235 576 124 19,408 1,064

3 557 31 1 266 15 — — —

• - - 502 154,455 9,343’ — — —

2 333 24 170 44,012 2,765 — — —

5 1,104 76 - 5 691 42

3>9°i 560,195 27,938 j 8,756 1,248,796 78,016 3,828 553,267 28,478

March 2-2(1 i80=

T. E. Willoughhi/y

Regilier General of Shipping.

45 Geo. Ill*

Appendix.

773

1 1 "~" " ~ Appendix,

A ACCOUNT Of the Number of V E S S E L S, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and the Number of Men and Boys (No. 39.)

, d in Navigatin'* the fame (including their repeated Voyages) which entered Inwards and cleared Outwards, in the several Martii,

Pons of Scotland" from or to all Parts of the World, between the 5* January 1804 and the 5* January 1805 5 d.ftmgu.shing ctOT, W.

British from Foreign Vessels; and the Countries from whence the said Vessels arrived, or to which they were bound. '-----

SCOTLAND. inwards, y\

r British. r Foreigr \ 1.

COUNTRIES. Ships. Tons. Men, Ships. Tons. Men.

f BritiHi Colonies 62 11,515 697

America -< £ United States - 34 7,665 463 34 8,049 402

Bantzic - 4 321 21

Denmark and Norway Florida - 83 8,284 488 228 1 27,476 153 1,761 8

Gibraltar and Streights 1 135 8 - -

Germany - 13 1,676 94 1 .95

Greenland and Davis's 7 H 3,885 5*

Streiglus - * - j

Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, 7 7 1,025 49 - - - - . - -

&c. - - -3

Honduras (Bay of) Holland - 2 415 28 63 5,613 328

Ireland - i.57g 05,868 7,470 2 263 15

Malta - 1 155 IO -

Isle of Man 14 712 49 - - - m

Italy - * - - 3 408 25

Poland - 5 566 27 ——

Portugal and Madeira 24 3,79*1 237 - -

Prussia - 178 27,200 1,384 24 2,190 114

lluflia - 179 22,036 1,230 5 1,404 65

Spain and Canaries 2 242 13 3 565 29

Sweden - - - - 49 3,908 249 9 1,296 78

/"British - 5i 13,049 809 - -

A\ ett India 1 conqUCred 33 7,582 53® ——

Colonies I Is one.

Foreign -

Total - - ->335 210,443 14,408 37° 47>104 2,806

OUTWARDS.

r V BritiHi. Foreign.

Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men.

87 16,838 1,223 ’ — — —

24 5,632 367, 3° 6,851 355

5 515 3° — — —

134 16,714 1,233 162 2®,155 1,243

1 153 8

4 454 27 1 t 249 13

30 3,789 201 3 414 22

15 4,244 586 — —

6 690 40 — — —

3 855 52 — — —

- - - - 4 461 29

1,656 101,114 7>7°4 — —

2 258 19 — — —

3o 1,203 90 — — —

1 249 11

1 71 3 — — —

9 1,141 81 2 286 12

102 14,704 772 5° 4>289 255

118 14,028 811 — — —

6 963 5i 2 247 15

30 3,084 189 9 1,228 66

77 20,211 H582 — — —

36 7>98*2 671 — — —

2,375 214,49° 115,732 265 34,582 2,029

March 22d 1805.

T. E. Willoughby,

Register General of Shipping.

774

Appendix

A. 1805,

Appendix, (No. 39.) 12" Martii,

continued.

An ACCOUNT, Showing how the PU B LIC MONIES remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer on the 5th day of Janu 1804, together with the Monies paid into the fame during the Year ending the 5th day of January 1805, and the Mon n s paid out of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the said Year, in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt; together with the Amount of the Exchequer, Navy, and Transport Bills RTued, and not Redeemed, during the said Year, have been actually Applied:__________Diitinguillmurthe

Total Amount of the Sums applied to the following Heads of Service:—id. The Interest of the Public Funded Debt; together with the Charges of Management, the Sums applicable to its Reduction; the usual Grant for the lame Purpose; and Interest for the Debtim Imperial Loans.—-2dly. The Interest on Exchequer Bills!—3<lly. The Civil List.—4thly. The other Charges on The Consolidated Fund specifying the Amount of those incurred for Courts of Justice, Mint, Pensions, Salaries and Allowances, and Bounties.—5thly. The Civil Government of Scotland—6thly. The other Payments in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt; specifying the Amount of those incurred for Pensions, Bounties, and Militia and Deserters Warrants.—7thly. The Navy; specifying the Amount of Monies respectively paid for Salaries to the Admiralty, Navy, and Navy Pay Offices; for Wages, Bounty, Flag Pay, Half Pay, and Pensions; for Dock Yards, Building of Ships, Stores, Pilotage, and Contingencies; for the Marines; for the Victualling; for the Sick and Wounded- for Transports; and for Prisoners of War in Health.—8thly. The Ordnance; specifying the Amount of Monies paid for Services at Home Hud Abroad respectively.—9thly. The Army; specifying the Amount of Monies paid on Account of the Ordinary Services; V12 for Regulars, Fencibles, Militia, Invalids, and Volunteer Corps; for Barracks; for Staff Officers, and Officers of Garrisons; for Half p«v for Widows Pensions; for Chelsea Hospital; for Foreign Corps; for Exchequer Fees; and for Pay of Public Offices; Specifying also the Amount of Monies paid to the Extraordinary Services of the Army, and the principal Articles thereof.—lothly. Loans, Remittances, and Advances to other Countries; specifying the Total Amount paid to them respectively.—utlily. Milctllaneous Services* specifying the Amount of the Monies paid for Services at Home and Abroad respectively; And, lastly, specifying the Amount of any Public Monies applied to other Public Services (if any) not hereinbefore enumerated; distinguishing the separate Expences of and for Great Britain, from those wh'ich belong to it with Ireland:

HEADS bf EXPENDITURE.

I. For Interest, See. on the Permanent Debt of Great Britain, Unredeemed j include ing Annuities for Lives and Terms of Years -

For Charges of Management thereon -

For Interest, Sec. on Loans raised for the Service of Ireland ...

For Charges of Management thereon -

For Interest, &c. on Imperial Loans -

For Charges of Management thereon -

There was also Applied towards the Reduction of the National

Debt - £. 1,000,000 — —

The usual Annual Grant ----- 200,000 — —

Expired Annuities - x^oooo — j 79»*8o »4

Annuities for Lives, Expired, or Unclaimed for Three Years 49,376 15

Interest'on Debt of Great Britain Redeemed - 2,470,740 3

- - D° - - - - Ireland - - D° - - - - 51,972 4

- - D° - - - - Imperial- - D° - - - - 13,962 16

Annuity at £. 1-per-Cent. on Part of Capitals created since 5th

January 1793 - -- - 2,985,26! 16 —

Whereof was Applied towards the Reduction of the National Debt

Total on Account of Interest ....

D° - - Charges of Management -

D* - - on Account of Reduction of the National Debt

IT. The Interest on Exchequer Bills III. The Civil List -

V.

The other Y Courts of Justice ——

Charges / Mint -

on the > Allowances to the Royal Family, Pensions, See. Consolidated 1 Salaries and Allowances -Fund; via. j Bounties - -

V. The Civil Government of Scotland -

VI, The other Payments in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt 3 vis.

Bounties for Fisheries, Manufactures, Com, dec. ....

Pensions on the Hereditary Revenue -

Militia and Deserters Warrants, dec. - - * -

Purchase of Legal Quays ——

VII. The Navy; vie—Salaries to the Admiralty, Navy, and Navy Pay Offices - For Wages, Bounty, Flag Pay, Half Pay, and Pensions . - For Dock Yards, Building of Ships, Stores, Pilotage, Contingencies, See. For Marine Service on Shore -

The Victualling Department -

The Sick and Wounded D* -

The Transport - - D*, for Transports -

for Prisoners of War in Health Mifeellaneous Services -

VIII. The Ordnance

IX. The Army Ordinary Services; rig.

For Regulars, Fencibles, Militia, Invalids, and Volunteer Corps Barracks ——

Staff Officers and Officers of Garrisons -

Half Pay ......

Widows Pensions -

Chelsea Hospital -

Exchequer Fees -

Pay of Public Offices -

Extraordinary Service*

X. Loans, Remittances, and Advances to other Countries s Ireland -

XI Mifeellaneous Services s At Home Abroaa

SUMS.

C x. d.

*7»6j2,332 xi — J

852,348 12 — 44I»u6 3 3

i*#9*5»797 6

C *" d. 247,606 8 ill 14,411 4 7

5,769 6 —J]

267,786 19 7i

6,851,201 11

'*5,776,998 17 3

6,851,201 11 —

84,000 — —

1,815,750-----

5,184,071 4 9 262,000 — —

690,028 12 4

110,000 -

57,000 —

9,500,000 — — ,786,048

289,027 — —

228,000-----

22,500 — —

*07,963-----

80,353 -

70,000 — —

18,925,707 6 3}| 267,786 19 7 j[ 6,851,201 ix —

£• S. 4.

928,000 — —

57,319 2 —

20,727 2 9

284,866 13 4 23,441 19 — 23*56 13 8

26,044,785 11

6x4,859 18 10

336,524 — 11

27,700-----

286,668 10 6 76,689 12 6

7,345, S*i 4 9 3,279,501 8 4

277,000 — —

857,028 12 4

1,337,811 xo 9

79'75 4 ifl

727,58* 3 XI

n,759’35l 5 5

3,550,141 1 11

12,183,891 — —

3,560,803 15 3

1,628,555 — 3*|

*53,5*9 >4 5

i5*744»694 *5 3 3*733*9* 13 4

1,881,074 14 8||

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, ) aid March >*•*

# Thh includes the Sum of £ 446,885. 9.

Deduct Loan for Ireland -

3§. fsr Interest paid on Imperial Loans.

IF. Hufkiffon.

65484,198 5 2* 3*733*91 >3

61,751,006 11 io{

45 Geo. III.

Appendix

775

X

Appendix (No. 39.)—

ACCOUNT

or thi

PUBLIC FUNDED DEBT OF GREAT BRITAIN,

AS THE SAME STOOD ON FIRST FEBRUARY 1 805:

«V. Sc.

W>T

o\r

1

l

Appendix

A. 1805.

N ACCOUNT OF THE PUBLIC FUNDED.DEBT OF GREAT , _ - c,,. R.-.f.j or Bill* Funded; so far as the fame can be ascertained

:d* "VnArefP<schar«s#upon the Consolidated Fund, by Acts passed in the 26th and 4id Years of Hi. nent; the Annual C g P DiilinguUhing also. Upon what Conditions, and at what Periods, the

CAPITALS: At 3-PER-CENT. - PER-ANN UM. CAPITALS, at £. 4-PER-CENT 1 CAPITALS: . At £.5-PER.C£NT.

South Sea Old and A r Annuities,^ Annis 1797 and iSei.

d i* 1 New Annuities, and Annuities Anno 1751. Consolidated Annuities. Reduced Annuities. Consolidated Annuities. Consolidated Annuities.

h i £• *• d* £• *• £• *• A H £■ *. i. £. >. l

* b - - - - w * -

oo

L 14,065,084 «3 i«l

1,919,600 — — -

1 oooo

107,399,696 5 i\ 41,540,073 16 4 32,750,000 17,869,993 9 10

8oo *5,984,684. 13 H\ 107,399,696 5 14 41.540,073 16 4 32,75°, OC° 17,869,993 9 10 . - -

- ~ 12,177,201 * 5 9,617,106 14 10 - -

Soo *5,984,684 13 11* 95,121,495 2 *1 31,922,967 x 6 32,750, C00 — — 1 17,869,993 9 10 *:

8oo 15,9*4,6*4 ij n$ 95,111,495 a *1 31,922,967 1 6 32,750,000 17,869,993 9 10 - -

' 6,150,000 — —

11,000,000 — — 2,750,000 1 I

* - ' 1,926,515 u 5 - s

- - 18,000,000 — — - 6,000,000 — —

- 1,609,897 17 1 - •)

- 30,530,000 — — 6,359.615 — , - - - 1 .<

4.414,074 4 6

16,250,000 '3>i63.55J ® 9 6,*61,190 i 3)

- 6*500,000 — — 2,6cO, OCO I - * * '?

- i6»438,i75 5 — - 765,427 11 6 2,034,889 U 1 * ‘ 1

- ' " - 1,999,699 4 4 - 104,431 5 * 270,201 4 8

- 10,500,000 — — 3,500,000 — — - .... -

- A. 12,000,000 — «— < A. 4,000,000 ——

- 4,875,000 3i374>>5° ——

- A. *3,75°,oco — — , A. 5*500,000 - - - - •

- 5,500.000 — — A. 14,850,000 , 2,350,000 - - * '

- A. 6,345,000 ——

- - -w 31,875,000 12,941,250 — — - - •

- - 2,227,6x2 xo — 2,227,612 10 — 13*800,000 — — 4.455*5 5 1,227,61210-

- - - " - 14,950*000 — — -

B. 1,601,375 — — A

45 Geo. III.

Appendix

BRITAIN, AS THE SAME STOOD ON THE FIRST DAY OF

Dittinguishing also. The different Funds in which it is Inverted; the Capital Stock of each Fund; the present Majesty’s Reign; and the Annuity of £., per-Centum per Annum upon Part of Capitals Creat several Parts of the Public Debt are Redeemable or Determinable.

TOTAL CAPITALS Created prior to the Year 1793, and in each Year since] that Period.

11,686,800 — —

14,065,084 *3 >«i

1,919,600-----

1,000,000 — —

,99»559»7^3 * 3i

138,231,148 s il| 1I»794*3°7 i7 3

216,436,940 7 nj

216,436,940 7 ni|

6.250.000 — — *31676,5x5 12 j

25,609,897 17 1

41,305,699 4 6

67,087,669 17 3

14,000,000 — — 16,000,000 ——

8,249,25°-----

19,250,000 -

7.850.000 -

21,195,000 --- —

44,816,150 -

11,138,062 10 —

28,750,000-----

1,601,375-----

CHARGE

for DEBT Created prior to the Year 1793.

ANNUAL

INTEREST.

s. d.

350,604-----

721,95* *0 9

57,588-----

30,000 — — 6,671,692 is

ANNUAL CHARGE, per Act 26° Geo III. -

CHARGE for DEBTS created per Act 330 Geo. III. A® 1793

- - 34° - - - 1794

- 35° - - - 1795

- - 36® - - - 1796

37’

,0

*797

- - 3?° - - - *798

. D° - - - D°

- - 19* - * * *799

- . D° - - - D*>

- - 40® - - - 1800

- - D* - - - D®

- - 410 - - - 1801

- - 41* - - - 1801

- - D° - - - , D°

- - D° - - - D®

ANNUAL CHARGE, }

- - 42° Geo. 111. - - \

7,831,837 6 2| 653,829 4 *1

7,178,008 1 6

7,178,008 1 6

187,500-----

536,316 5 7

860,494 17 10

1.3*7.39* 9 *H

*>495.9*7 1 11

420,000 -

A. 480,000 — —

*47,477 *0 —

A. 577,500-----

*35,5°° — — A. 635,850-----

• »J44,4*7 10 — 423,246 7 6 862,500 ——

ANNUITIES on Lives, or for Terms of Years.

£• *. d.

54,*80 14 6 30,400 — — 23»254 11 6

7,776 10 —■ 4,7io 10 — 10,181 — — 8,195 xi — 12,318 5 — 22,466 10 — 24,567 5 —

540-----

2,769 13 — 5»i74 18 7 , *8,442 7 —J

15,000 — — 704,740 5 —

418,333 — 11

I»373>75* * H\

i,373,75* 2 H 30,400 — —

CHARGES

of

MANAGE-

MENT.

GRANT.* of Parliament, Annuity of £. 1 -per-Cent. Part of Capit Created finer 5th January 17

d.

1,350-----

1,430 6 S

i,47o-----

375 *2 1 208 1 7 4i6 5 3

1,3,0-----

5,898 3 5

14,022 3 2

1.079 IS 6

45° — — 89,801 ,7 7f| ISO 5 —

7,928 6 6jJ

4,706 4 i°i!

130,927 2 9i 9,*°7 * 9i

1.343,351 * 6}

62,791 «3 4

85,500 -

79,082 7 6

38,625 — —

17,208 6 8

A. 19*666 13 4

7,796 12 10H

121,119 14 — 1,430 6 8

119,689 7 4 2,811 10 —

7,760 16 loj]

12,486 6 7 19,476 6 8||

30,623 19 7?

6,493 11 ul A. 7,4*1 5 —

3.71* 3 3 A. 8,662 10 —

3.53* i° — A. 9,537 '5 — 20,167 6 3 5,099 16 81

12,937 10 — 720 10 4,

7,560 18 9

1,000,000 —

1,000,000 —

1,000,000 —

1,000,000 — -

62.500 — -166,445 5 -268,933 19 I 424,421 19 1<

676,184 5 3

I4I1I4O — —

81,491 io —

78.500 — —

448,162 10 — 112,222 12 I

200,000 — —

163,137 14 8

7T8

dix,

!9-)

Appendix,

1rtii,

1cd.

(No. 39.) 21 *Martii,

continued.

AS A C

Distingi Debt, i Also, T

FUN

Consolidated £. 3

Reduced - - D*

Old South Sea An

New - D° - -£. 3-per-Cent. - 1

Consolidated £.4

- - D» - - £.J

Additional Capit Geo. III. cap. 1

£' 5*pct-Cent. A end 1802. a /.i 3,263,553 £■ 5-p«-Cene Annuities -

£. 3-per-Cent. -

- D° - - Ban!

Transferred to th by reason of deemed at ift

DEBT

Febi

Redeemed by th<

DEBT t xft Fcl

Ait AC<

Appendix

A. 1805

20UNT of the Progrtfs made in th* REDEMPTION of the PUBLIC FUNDED DEBT of Great Britain, at ift February 1805 uiftiing the Capitals of the several Funds: and specifying how much of each has been Redeemed by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Ince ift August 1786; the Average Price of Stocks; and the Sums Annually applicable to the Reduction thereof: likewise, The Annuities to fall in: lie Capital of Debt transferred to the said Chmraifliouers on Account of Land Tax Redeemed.

* D S.

per-Cent. Annuities -

nuities - y

Do . - 3

A01751 -£•

j.-per-Cent. Annuities -

;-per Cent. D° -

al, by Afl 44

99- -

kn nuities 1797 fter deducing j, 8. 9. added to . Consolidated

D° - 1716 -k Annuities

t Commissioners, Land Tax Re-February 1S05 -

' Existing at ift ) ruary 1805 - 5

! Commissioners -

r nrtdeemed at ) -iruary 1805

CAPITALS. Redeemed by the Commissioners from lftAnguft 1786 to ift February 1805. TOTAL SUMS Paid. Average Price of Stocks. SUMS Annually applicable to the Reduction of the NATIONAL DEBT.

£■ ». * £■ £* s. d. £. J.

Annual Charge by Ad

336,196,558 4 5l 34.*95.3*7 21,004,346 16 7 «*i 16° Geo. III. 1,000,000

129,154,625 r8 5 45.39*.37* *7^96,960 — 3 60 *

3.3»7.6oo *»395.*9® 3 9 7* 4 1 8* a 1 <2 1 200,000 — —

24,065,084 13 n{

- - 2,650,000 *.9*3.44* *6 9 7* i Annuities for 99 end

1,919,600 — — 673,000 498,631 15 — 74 i 96 Yean, expired A° 1792 - - - - 54,880 14 6

491,335,868 16 9i *6.*44>359

> Annuities for 10 Years,

49,425,084* 17 2 2,617^00 *,*78,40* 1 3 *7 expired A° 1787- - 25,000 —

*8*125,582 19 7 X42,00O 1*6,998 7 6 89 i Life Annuities Un-

claimed for 3 Years,

I3*a63>553 * 9 or of which the No-

minees died prior to

5th July 1802 - - 49*376 15 7

Dividend on

9,088,902 16 3 £.86,244,259, at £. 3 per Cent - *>5*7>33° *5 4

1,000,000 — —

11,686,800 — — D° - £.2,617,400, 21 £• 4 P*r Cent. - 104,696 — —

63»9*5»79* * H *9.o3.759 55»7I4»7°4 * * 6*4

D® - £• 142,000 Navy,

£.5 persont. - 7*100

*»794>3°7 *7 3

Annuity at £. 1 per

581,131,485 i 3{ Cent, da part of Ca-

pitals created since

*9r«>o3>759 — — ift February 1793 - 2,807,240 16 9

493*28,726 i 3} £ 6,835,625 2

1

ANNU1TI ES Fallen in since aid June 1801, or that will fall in hereafter.

Exchequer Annuities, 2 et 3 Anne;

c

via.

1. I

Expired at 5th April - 1803 D° - - - January 1805 D® - 40 Ann. D° 5th April 1805 D° - 50 - - D® - - . 1806 D°-6®--D°--- 1807 Do - - - - D° 5th July 1807 Bank Long Ann. Expire A° 1860 D° - Short D° - - - - 1808

*3.3 h >3 4 7»o3° 6 * *3»*54 *1 6 7*776 10 -4,710 to -10,181 — — *»°47»494 J 4t 4*»3I3 -

By an Act 4* Geo. III. cap. 71. such Annuities as fall in after pailing that Ad, are not to be placed to the Account of the Commissioners for Reduction of the National Debt; but are no longer to be continued in the Annual Charge thereof.y

COUNT of the Progress made in the REDEMPTION of the PUBLIC DEBT of Ireland Funded in Great Britain, at ill February 1805.

FUNDS. CAPITALS. Redeemed by the Commissioners to ift February 1805. TOTAL SUMS Average Price of SUMS Annually applicable to the Redndion of

’ Paid. Stocks. DEBT.

£■ £■ £. s. i. £. d.

£. 3 per Cent. Consolid.ted Annuitie* - *0,769,150 >.004.613 618,*86 7 3 61 } £. 1 per Cent, on Capitals

- - D° Reduced - - D* - r - - 1*,7J*.75 *,170,486 695,15* 3 a 59 i created - 339»*59 * 3

£. 4 per Cent. Consolidated D° - - - - 33,5»8,oooo 300,000 *.*75.099 *>3*3»43* >0 5 60 | Dividend 00 £*2,175,099, £. 3 per Cent. Annuities 65,15* 19 5

33,828,000

Redeemed by the Commissioners - 2*175*099

Unredeemed at ift February 1805 - £. 31,651,901 404,512 l8 8

An ACCOUNT of the Progrefg made in the REDEMPTION of the IMPERIAL D E BT, at ill February 1805.

FUNDS. CAPITALS. Redeemed by the Commissionert at ift February 1805. TOTAL SUMS Paid. Average Price of Stocks. SUMS Annually applicable to the Reduction of DEBT.

£■ £■ £. »• £■ * d.

Imperial £. 3 per Cent. - | 3,669,300 m . £. t per Cent, on Capital

created ... 36,693 — —

Redeemed ----- 550,1*8 55°.* 3*6.595 — * 57 \ Dividend on £. 550,228*

at £. 3 per Cent. 16,506 16 10

Unredeemed at ift February 1805 - £. 3,119,07* £■ 53,199 ,6 10

EXCHEQUER, >; 2ift day of March 1805. f

James Ji/hcr.

Office for Reduction of NATIONAL DEBT, J G% T. Qoodenovgh,

the 11ft day of March 1805. j Sec*.

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

779

Ax ACCOUNT of the UNFUNDED DEBT and DEMANDS OUTSTANDING on the 5th day of January l ■'■>? > u.idt r t h i b 'il — Exchequer, I reafury, Army, Barracks, Ordnance, Navy, Civil List Advances, and any other Head of P"hl - Service; ijyvilvnig tlu-la nc: -Dilhnguishing, under each Head respectively, the Particulars of which such Debt or Demands

o at ilnd , and also, "hat i ait of the said Debt or Demands was then provided for, and in what Manner; and what Part thereof wr

Unprovided for.

was

Appendix, (No. 39.) a 2® Martii,

continued.

Appei.cl.x

(A.)

(»•)

1. 2.

(C.)

(D.)

(E.)

(>•)

(G.J

EXCHEQUER BILES:

Bv what -Achs Ruled

On what FUNDS Charged.

Amount Outstanding.

- r

39 an6 4° Geo. III. cap 28. Aids

- A0 1806, Extension of Bank 1 Charter - - }

c

- - 43 - - cap. 3. Malt - - - A0 1803 -

- - D® - cap. 36. Aids - - - A° 1804 -

- - D° - - cap. 93. D° - - - - D°

- - - - cap. 146. D® * - - - D°

- - 44 - - cap. 15. D° - - - - D°

- - D# - - cap. 16. Malt - - - A° 1804 -

- - D° - * cap. 17. Personal Estates A° 1804 -

- - D° - - cap. 31. Aids - - - A0 1804 -

- - D° - -cap. 45. I)° - - - A® 1805 -

- - D° - - cap. 46. D° - - - - D®

- - I)° - - cap. 73. D° - - - A° 1804 -

- - D® * - cap. 81. D° - - - - 1805

TREASURY:

Miscellaneous Services -

Warrants for Army Services -

Treasury Bills accepted previous to and on the 5th January 1805, due subsequent to that day

A R M Y:

Ordinary Services Lxcraordinaries

BARRACKS -ORDinANCE -NAVY -

CIVIL LI^T ADVANCES

3,000,000

326.000 1,000

- 2,463,500

- 1,399,100 4,6307900

750.000

111.000

- i,9°S>9°®

- 5*865,100

- 1,500,000

803.000

- 2,500,000

25.253.500-----

* £ 538.723 — Si

459.8o4 8

2.34.792 16 8

660,240 8 11

Nil.

1,233,32013 91

660,^40 8 11

1,015*567 18 7

1,260,480 9 11 5,001,567 13 io| 35,844 14 —i

-----1

t. d.

34,460,521 19

WhitehiiP, Treasury Chambers, 7 2 id March 1805. 3

tV. Hujkiffbn.

Appendix (A.)

Ax ACCOUNT of the UNFUNDED DEBT in EXCHEQUER BILLS, Outstanding on the 5 th January 1805.

Under what Acts issued.

39 and 40 Geo. III. cap. 28.

43 - - cap. 3.

1)° - - Cap. 30.

D° - - cap. 93.

D® - - cap. 146.

44 " - cap. 15.

D® - - cup. 16.

I)° - - cap. 17.

I)° - - cup. 31.

D° - - cap. 45.

D® - - cap. 46.

D® - - cap. 73.

D° - - cap. 81.

Aids -

Malt -

Aids

D®

I)°

I)°

Malt -Personal Aids -Aids -D®

Aids -D°

On what FUNDS Charged.

£■ 8. d.

- - A® 1806 - Extension of Bank Charter 3,000,000 — —

A® 1803 - 326.000 — —

«. - A° 1804 - 1,000 — —

2,463,500 — —

* - D® - . - - 1*399,100 — —

- D° - 4,630,900 — —

A® 1804 - - - - 750,000 — —

Estates A° 1804 - - - - 111,000 — —■

A® 1804 - 1,903,900 —"" —

• . A° 1805 - 5,865,100 — —

m - D® - - - . - 1,500,000 — —

m _ A® 1804 . - - - - 803,000 — —

- 7 A® 1805 - - - - 2,500,000

25,253,500-----

Exchequer Bill Office, 7 6th l'eb. 1805. 3

Examined and Certified,

IV. , CotnptC

/. Planta. In° Cudlipp. John Pe.

9n

T80

Appendix.

1.1S05.

Appendix, (No- 39-) zz® Ma

continued*

Appendix (B. i.)

As ACCOUNT of the UNFUNDED DEBT of Great Hritun, and the Dom a\ ns* Oi; rstding on the 5 r !i dav of January 1805:—under the Heads of—Exchequer, Treasury, kc.: Dibinguillnng, under each iL ul respectiveL, the Particulars of which inch Debts and Demands confuted; and alf>, wiiat Part of the said Debts or Demons \u& thru Provided ioi, and in wlui Manner; and what Part thereof was then Unprovided for—so far as relates to the Treasi a y.

Demands Outstanding on 5th January 1805, for Services that had been provided lor:

For defraying the Expence incurred, or to he incurred, for the Repairs of the Marshdlfea Prison- - For the Pm chafe of Land, and the Condi uCiion of Buildings for the Royal Military College -

For Bounties on l iking and bringing Fish to the Cities of London and Westminster, and other Placer in ti e United Kingdom ——

For detraying the Expences incurred in Alterations and Repairs of the two Houses of Parliament, and of the IJoufe of the Speaker of the Uoufe of Commons, in the year 180*2 -

For the Relief of certain St. Domingo Sufferers -

For defraying the Charge of Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges, North Britain, for the year 1803 - For defraying Arrears of Expences of the seven Police Offices, for the year ending the 5th of January 1802, being previous to the passing of the Act for increasing the Allowance to the Public EOabldlmient -To make good Deficiency of Grants fertile Service of the year 1802 -

For the Civil Edablishment of Bermuda, for the year 1804 ——

For - 1)° - - - Dominica, -D° -

Towards the Support of an Institution called The Veterinary College, for the year 1804 -

For defraying the probable Amount of Bills drawn, and to be drawn, from New South Wales, which may become due in the course of the year 1804 ——

For the Relief of the fullering Clergy and Laity of France, Toulonefe, Corsican, and Dutch Emigrants, and American Loyal ids, in the year 1804 ——

To be ditlribuled to the Officers, Seamen and Marines, on board the Fleet under the Command of Samuel Lord Viscount Hood, Admiral of the White Squadron of Ills Majestys Fleet, being the estimated Value of the Ships and Veikds taken Possession of, and armed for His Majestys Service, at Toulon, together with their Oidnance and Ordnance Stores -

For Foreign and other Secret Services, in the year 1804 -

For the Royal Military College, for the year 1804 ——

For the Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea, D° ——

For printing Journals I Joufe of Commons, Votes, &c. and for reprinting Journals, Indexes, and Reports of the Commons - For printing 57th Volume of Journals floufe of Commons ——

For Expences in 1803, under the Comnnllion for publillnng the Records of the Kingdom -

For defraying the Charge of the Supei intendence of Aliens ——

For defraying the Extraordinary Expences which may be inclined in Prosecuturns relating to the Coin of this Kingdom in 1804 ——

Towards the Expence of making an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Wei tern Sea -

For Works done at the two Houses of Parliament, and at the House of the Speaker, between 31ft May 1803 and 24th April 1804 ——

For Repairs at the King's Bench Prison ——

For completing the Works carrying on at Clietney Hill, in the County 01 Kent -

For confining, maintaining, and employing Convicffs at Home, 1803 ——

For the Relief of the didressed Inhabitants of the Island of Shetland ——

For - D° - - J)° - - D° - Orkney ——

Towards repairing and maintaining Roads and Bridges in Scotland, 1804 -

For Works done at the Old Chapter House, now the Public Record Office, at Westminster -

For the Civil Establishment of Sierra Leone, to 3ill December 1804 - - - -• - -

To defray Bills of the Ulher of the Court of Exchequer, for supplying the Court and Officers with Stationary, &c. for

1804 ...... -

For Printing and Stationary of the two Floufes of Parliament, for 1804 -

Towards defraying the Expence of the Public Office, Bow-street, for 1804 -

For Protestant Dissenting Ministers in England and Ireland, and for the Relief of the poor French Protedant Clergy and Laity, 1804 ——

For the Extra Charge of Messengers of the three Secretaries of State, 1804 -

For D° - - of Contingencies of D° - D*

To be paid to Sheriffs for Convictions and Overpayments, in 1804 -

For the Miniders of the Vaudois Churches, for 1804 ——

T

c

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 22d March 1805.

JJ\ Hujfcifbn.

f. d.

1,000 -

2,0 hj 14 —

10.000 -

6,207 8 —

20.000 -

10.000 -

960 8 6

4,007 8 —

580-----

600-----

1,500 - —

2,110-----

5,009 10 1

265,336 ioi 20,470 19 --1,280 l 2

1‘2,600 -

2,!H7 «6 3

2,500-----

1,767 15 JO

4 >589 5 —

25.000 -

12,545-----

3,010-----

30.000 — — 11,418 14 8J

10.000 -

10.000 -

10.000 -

741 IB —

i4,uoo-----

739 8 —

1 1,000-----

2,884 17 6

850-----

4,131 2 11J

1,025-----

4>i95 15 7i

9H-----

538>723 — 5i

Appendix (B. 1.)

An ACCOUNT of SUMS Unsatisfied on the 5th January 1805; for the following Services: viz

Pay, Additional Pay, and Contingencies of General and Staff Officers Knaplkcks and Accoutrements -

Cloathing

’Loss of Baggage, &c. by sundry Officers -

Bat, Baggage, and Forage Money -

Apothecary General . -

Levy Money for Augmentation of Foot Guards - -

Alteration of Accoutrements, &c. -

Table for the Guards - - - "

Sundry Miscellaneous Services -

Off-Reckonings -

Treasury Bills accepted previous to, and on 5th January 1805, due subsequent to that day

; viz.

£■ d-

- 26,056 6 9

_ 19,220 8 7

41,706 7 6

836 9 6

110,192 14 1

100,000 —

Nil.

366 18 4

- 0,300 16 —

- 16,237 7 10

- 66,887 8 1

c 450,804 16 8

*34*79* ,6 8

£■ 94,59/ '3 4

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 22d March 1805.

IV. llujkif

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix.

781

, Appendix (C.)

Aw ACCOUNT of the Demands for ARMY SERVICES, Outllanding on the 25th December 1804; which have been prov ided for by several Grants of Parliament; ditlmguishing the Particulars of which the fame conlilled.

for 1804.

ORDINARY SERVICES:

Off-Reckoning3 -

Militia Cloathing -

IStafT in Great Britain -

Gurrifons*in D° ——

Garrisons Abroad ——

First Clothing and Accoutrements, and Horse Furniture Clearings of the Guards -

In-Pension of Chelsea Hospit il -

Half Pay ......

Widows Pensions ——

jr. *. d.

•200,000 -

JP5>793 -

67,400 — —

20.000 —- —

5,000-----

15.000 -

20.000 -

18,247 8 11

112,000-----

6,800-----

Appendix,

(No. 39.) 22* Ma

continued.

660.240 8 11

• N. B. The Off-Reckonings of the

Pay-Office. Horse Guards, 7 21R March 1805. 5

Augmentations to the Forces cannot at present be ascertained. (Errors excepted.)

(Signed)

Dd Thomas.

Appendix (D.)

Ax ACCOUNT of the Outllanding Demands of the BARRACK Department, on the 5th January 1805; with the Gross Amount of all Monies received and expended within the preceding year, and the Balance remaining on Hand on the 5th January 1805.

BALANCE remaining lor the Current Service, 5th January 1804: Received from Payinulier General ——

Received on sundry Accounts -

Total Received -

Paid on Account of Buildings, Repairs, and Alterations, Purchase of Premises, Coals, Candles, Bedding, Furniture, UtenliL, Rents, Ba lack M ilvrs' Expend tm *s, Lodging Money to OiDcers, Office Establishment, Ac. 6cc: cvc. w:ih 'he Balance due on the late Barrack Mailer General's Accounts

Balance ieinaiuina for the Current Service 5th January 1805 - - £.

Bills accepted, and Outstanding, on the 5 th January 1804 -

Deduct Balance, as above -

Outllanding Demands, for Buildings, Repairs, &c.

£■ s. d.

2,222 4 8

1,821,048 —

10,432 8 10

1,833,7m 13 6

1,776,596 4 .8

57,106 9 3

317,493 7 10

57,i od 9 3

260,386 18 7

— —

Total Outllanding on the 5th January 1805

1,015,567 18 7

sssasBssssak

Barrack-Office, 7 (Signed)

9th March 1805. j G. Hezcctf,

__________. B- M*

Appendix (E.)

Aw ACCOUNT of Demands on the ORDNANCE, Outllanding on the 5th January 1805:—distinguishing the Particulars of which such Demands coufilt, and also what Part of the said Demands was the* provided for, and in what manner; and what part thereof was unprovided for.

Debentures made out, and Bills, so far as they have been delivered in, for Stores supplied, and Services performed; also Bills of Exchange, Imprelts to Storekeepers, and other Ready Money Articles -

f. d.

1,260,480 9 it

Deduct—The following Sums included in the above Account, and not Provided for by

Parliament: viz.

Bills of Exchange f Halifax ......

drawn from I Bahama Islands -Demands made on this Office for the Value 1

of Ordnance and Stores captured by His >Islands and Settlements in the 7

Majesty’s Forces in

- ) West Indies

£■ 300-----

4fi3 15 3

50,000-----

21,091 5 6

7i,*55 — 9

Remains provided for by the Grants by Parliament for Ordnance Services

1,188,625 9 2

Office of Ordnance, 7 6th March 1805. 3

(Signed)

/. M. Hadden.

XV. XV. Pole.

C. Ashley.

782

Appendix

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 39.)

• If /" I^AVY ufficr, {

22 Alar til 9 20 th March 1805.^ Outftauding

continued.

«--- '

Appendix (F )

Navy Office, \ An E S T I M A T E of the Amount of the UN FU N D E D DEBT of His Majesty's X A W, and of ail Duna;

Outftauding on the 3lit December 1804; distinguishing the Particulars of which the lame configs.

HEADS of S E R VI C E.

SU M.

NAVY:

Due—For Bills payable at 90 days date, for Naval Stores, Slop Clothing, 5:c. -

For Stores delivered, for which no Bills were made out on 31ft December 1804; and for Bills of Exchange For W ages to His Majesty’s several Yards

For Half Pay to Sea Officers -

To pay the Wages unpaid, on Books of Ship6 paid off -

For Wages to Ships in Sea Pay on the 31ft December 1804 -

VICTUALLING:

Due—For Bills payable at ninety Days date, for Provisions, Stores, See.

For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the 31ft December 1804 ——

For Necessary and Extra Necessary Money, &c. -

To the Officers, Workmen, 5rc. at the several Ports -

For Short Allowance Money -

SICK and WOUNDED:

Due—For, Quarters and Cure of Sick and Wounded Seamen on ^lfore from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, Prisoners of War, and Contingencies, relating to that Office -

TRANSPORTS:

Due—For Bills payable at ninety Days date, for Freights of Transports and Stores, and for the Subfil>ence, Clothing, Sec. of Prisoners of War in llealth, and Mifcelluneous Services Fo< freight of Transports and Stores supplied, Wages to Officers, and Contingencies; alto, for Subliitence, Sec. of Prisoners of War in Health, for which no Bills were made out on 3 ill December 1804 ——

There remained in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of 11 is Majesty s Navy, on the 31ft December 1804 ——

1 >369.397 6 2

404,986 18 1 1

418,004 11 —

*2'2 b, *2 1 I 5 0 0

lpb,()UQ 4 2

E‘^5,3^ 1 4

666,453 16 —

37,051 15 —

81,120 3 10

60,924 1.3 3

35.033 lS S

total.

£• ». d.

6 10

200,421 11 11

44°>954

880,5S9 6 6

98,644. 7

4>-375 >4 1

5,511,2341510 509,0c- 1 nj

5,001,567 13 10J

(Signed)

H. Duncan.

S. Gambler.

F. J. Harticell.

Appendix (G.)

An ACCOUNT of Monies advanced for Public Services from the CIVIL LIST (m>t being part of the Ordinary Expenditure of the Civil Lilt) and which had not been replaced by Parliament on the 5th January 1805; specifying the General Heads of Service for which any of the said Monies were advanced, and the Total Amount of the Advsuice on each Head respectively.

Henry Alexander, Esquire, for his Services as Chairman of the Committee of W ays and Means, in the Session 1803-4 ——

George Whittam, Esquire, for making an Index to the Votes of the House of Commons, in the Session 1803-4 -

John Henry Ley, Esquire, Second Clerk Afiillant of the House of Commons, for his Services in the Session 1803-4 -

Jeremiah Dylon, Esquire, Clerk Assistant of the House of Commons, to make up his Allowance equal to £. 2,000. for his Services in the Session 1803-4 -

John Clementson, Esquire, to make up his Allowance equal to £.500. for his Attendance as Deputy Serjeant at Arms, during the Sefiiun 1803-4 -

Thomas Bernard, Esquire, tar the Inl'titution for preventing the spreading of Contagious Malignant Fevers in the Metropolis -

He nry Coles, Esquire, for Compensations to sundry Officers of the House of Commons, for their Attendance on Public Committees, in the Session 1803-4 -

John Elaxman, Statuary, in full Payment for erecting a Monument in Westminster Abbey,* to the Memory of Captain James Montague ——

Bernard Cobbe, for additional Allowance to Clerks in the Office for Auditing the Public Accounts, Hah year to 10th October 1804 ——

George Skene Keith, for Expences attending the Malt and Bariev Committees of the House of Lords John Williams, Esquire, for Contingent Expences in the Execution of the Act for Enquiring into Naval Abuses -

Thomas Poole, Esquire, for Expences attending the digesting and abft rafting Poor Returns Right honourable Lord Walsingham, for his Attendance as Chairman of the Committees of the House of Peers in the Session 1803-4 -

John Clementson, Esquire, for one year’s Rent of a House, in lieu of the Apartments he resigned at the House of Commons, due at Midfurumer 1804 -

The Ma^iltrales of the Thames Police Office, to defray the Expences of a Plan for the more perfect Security of the Shipping in the Port of London -

Thomas Brodic, Esquire, in advance, for making an Index to one Volume of the Journals of the House of Lords -

Thomas Evance, Esquire, for continuing and perfecting the Index to the Journals of* the House of Lords, for seven years to 1 ft July 1801 -William Chinnery, Esquire, for Stationary provided for the Settlement at New South Wales

D3 ----- - for Mathematical Inltnmicnts, for I)" -

Right honourable George Role, for Expenses at the Pai Lament Ofibe in the Setlion 1803-4 Edward Calvert, to discharge the Arrears of Salary due to the several Persons on the Civil Etta* blishment of New Brunswick -

Meliks. Puget and Bainbridge, to repay the like Sum remitted by them to Ireland, for making a further Provision for the Presbyterian M milters of the Synods ol L ifter and M under -

£■ <L

1,300 1 6

310 — —

1,084 19 6

1,187 ia 10

332 — —

3,000 — —

280 8 —

1.297 2 6

5,317 3 1

260 —- —

l,ofio. 10 —

Son —

2,698 6

219 6 —

649 S —

559 *‘9 6

1,428 3 —

—0 / - 16 6i

-33 12 —

41b 2 4

4,905 4

8-731 lS 6

3'.s44 H 1 ~~~x

Whitehall, Treasury Chamber* lid March 1S05.

U\ IIxijJdJfon.

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

783

An ACCOUNT, shewing how the MONIES, given for the Service of the Year 1804, have been disposed of; distinguished

under their several Heads; fa far as relates to Great Britain.

SERVICES:

-Navy.-

For Wages of 100,000 Men, including 2*2,000 Royal Marines; for Thirteen Lunar Months, at the Rate of £.1.17. per Man per Month -

For Victuals fur the said 100,000 Men; for the same time at the Rate of £. 1. 18. per Man per Month For the Wear and Tear of the Ships, in which the said 100,000 Men are to serve for the same time, at the Rate of £.3 per Man per Month -

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers; for the year 1804 Towards the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs of Ships in His Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary; for the year 1804 -

For the Hire of Transports; for the year 1804 For defraying the Charge of Prisoners of War in Health, at Home and Abroad; for the year 1804 -

For defraying the Charge of Sick Prisoners of War; for the year 1804 - -

For defraying the Expence that has been and will be incurred, in conleijuence of the Orders given by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty for increasing the Naval Defence of the Country, since the 15th day of May 1804 -

C t. d.

- 2,405,000-----

a

- 2,470,000 -

- 3,900,000-----

:a

- 1,020,670 9 9

948,520-----

709,249 9 8

220,166 8 1

42,000-----

310,000-----

SUMS

Voted or Granted.

/, d.

-----Ordnance.-----

For Ordnance for Sea Service on board the Ships in which the said 100,000 Men are to serve; for Thirteen Lunar Months, at the

Rate of 5$. per Man per Month - - £. 325,000-----

For the Charge of the Office of Ordnmce for Land Service,

for Great Britain; for the year 1804 - 2,954,141 5 —

For defraying the Expences of Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for Great Britain, and not provided for by Parliament in the year 1803 - 413,719 4 2

— Forces.-----

For defraying the Charge of 129,039 Effedive Men for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain and Ireland, including the Charge of the Pay and Daily Allowance of Commissioned Officers, Noncomini ffioned Officers, and Private Men; the Charge of Cloathing of Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men; the Charge of Agency; and the Charge of Annual Allowances to be made to Field Officers, Captains, and Riding Milters; the Extra Allowance for Farriery; and the Allowance for (Beat Coats; from the 25th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive, being

360 days- - ...... £4,276,62412 8

For maintaining His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations,

&c. including those serving at Gibraltar, in the Mediterranean, and in New South Wales, including the Charge of Pay and Daily Allowance of the Commissioned Officers,

Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men; the Charge of Clothing Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men; the Charge of Agency; and the Charge of Annual Allowances to be made to Field Officers and Captains; and for Great Coats; from the 25th day of December 1803 to the 24U1 day of December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days 1,174,509 l6 6 For defraying the Charge of Five Troops of Dragoons and Seventeen Companies of Foot, stationed in Great Britain, for the purpose of recruiting the Regiments serving in East India; from the 25th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days - 29,859 14 9

Upon Account, for the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, and on Foreign Stations; from the 25th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days -

For defraying the Charge of General and Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals serving with the Forces in Great Britain; from the 25th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days - 154,647 3 10

For defraying the Charge of the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry, in Great Britain and Ireland, from the 25th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days - - 2,791,623

For defraying the Charge of Cloathing for the Embodied Militia, in Great Britain; from the 25th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days -

For defraying the Charge of Contingencies for the Embodied Militia and Corps of Fencible Infantry, in Great Britain and Ireland; from the 25th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 days - -

180,000-----

7 6

- 215,7931+ 6

«i,iS9 7 —

Borne forward

SUMS Paid.

Appendix* (No. 39.)

continued.

14* Februarii,

Remains to be Paid.

d.

12,025,606 7 6

3,692,860 9 2

12,025,606 7 6

3>579Mi 5 —

15,718466 16 8 115,604,747 12 6 9O 1

H3,7*9 4

113,71& 4

784

Appendix.!

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 39.}

14* btbruerii,

- can&utelL

Account,

__shewing how the Monies given, for the Service of the year 1804, have been disposed of, &c.—continued.

.98,635 1*

61,037 3 9

" 33,464 7 —

- 167,059 1 3

SERVICE S—continued.

Brought forward - -

-----Forc es—continued.----- m

For defraying the Charge of Volunteer Corps m Great Britain ► end Ireland; from the 95th -day of December 1803 to the

4th day of December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days 2,020,567 11 Upon AccoiiUt for the Charge of Recruiting and Contingencies for His Majesty's Land Forces, in Ireland, fron* the 25th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days - -

For defraying the Charge of General and Staff Officers in Ireland, including tihe Permanent Allowances to the Medical Board, from the 25th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days - For defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces; from the 25th day of December 1863 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days - - W - ~ r

For defraying the Charge of the Allowances to the Principal Officers of several Public Departments in Great Britain and Ireland, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences; and of tfce Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General; from the 25th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both

inclusive, being 366 Days ......

For defraying the Charge of the Increased Rates of Sub-fiffence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on Quartering Soldiers; of an Allowance of Lodging Money to be made to the Inhabitants of North Britain, on whom Soldiers may be quartered; of an Allowance to the Nobhcohmi»£-fioned Officers, and Private Men of His Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain and Ireland, for Small Beer; and of an Allowance to the Non-commiiffioned Officers and Private Men of His Majesty's Forces, while on a March in Ireland, from tins 24th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days - 455,464 9 3

Upon Account of Half Pay to Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Land Fonces and Marines; for the year 1804 - 189,215 12 5

Upon Account of Military Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces; for the year 1804 - - 5*665 8 6

For defraying the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to tffe Reduced Officers of His Majesty's Britishi American Forces; for the ye.ar 1804 -

On Account of several Officers late id the Service of the States General; for the year 1804 -

For defraying the Charge of the In and Out Pensioners of Chelsea and Kilmainham Hospitals, and of the Expences of the said Hospitals; from the 25th day of December 1803 to the 24U day of December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days -

For defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to Widows of Officers of the Land Forces, and Expences attending the fame, in Great Britain and Ireland; from the 25th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days - For defraying the Charge of the Barmck Department in Ireland; for the year 1804 - , - For defraying the Charge of General Hospital Expences of His Majesty's Forces, in Ireland, including the Provision of Medicaments, Bedsteads, and Bedding, for General and Regimental Hospitals, and the Charge of the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin for Sick and Wounded Soldiers; from the 25th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days - 23,538 9 3

For defraying the further Charge of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry, in Great Britain, for the year 1803 - 500,000-----

For defraying the further Charge of Volimteer Corps of Great Britain, from the 25th day of Decemfber 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days - 570,000 — —

For defraying the Charge of Foreign Carps in the Service of Great Britain and Ireland; from the 25th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days For defraying the Charge of Four Companies for Garrison Service, in the West Indies and America, from the 25th day of December 1803 to the 24th day of December 1804, both inclusive, being 366 Days - For defraying the Charge of an Augmentation to the Military Kltablishment of Great Britain and Ireland, in the year 1804- -

For defraying the Charge of the Barrack Department, in Great Britain; in the year 1804 ----- 2,183,930 For defraying the Extraordinary Expences of the Army in- * curred and paid from the 25th day of December 1802 to the 24th day of December 1803, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament - For defraying the Extraordinary Services of the Army in Great Britain; for the year 1804 - -

Fur defraying the Extraordinary Services of the Army in Ireland; for the year 1804 -

SUMS Voted or Granted.

15,718,466 16 8

50,000-----

1,000-----

245,048 15

27,=8oi 11 5 - 461,887 6 10

582,262 19 11

8,884 19 2

200,000-----

- 339,207 18 7

1,400,000-----

- 600,000-----

£■ *■ d-«5f647747 12 6

Whereof was granted for the Service of Ireland

£• 10,108,859 5'10

- 4.655,837. 3 .3

On Accent of Great Britain -Borne forward

>4.453,022 2 7

30,171,488 19 3

SUMS Paid.

Remains to be Paid.

£■ *• <f-*>3.7*9 4 2

>4,453,022 2 7

30,057,709 15 1

> 13,7>9 4 -

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

785

Account,—Shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the year 1804, have been disposed of,

S E R\ ICE S—continued.

Brought forward -

lor paying off and discharging Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 146. for the Lies and Purposes therein mentioned Out-Handing and Unprovided for -To make good the like Sum, which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, in purl'uance of the Addresses of the House of Commons, and which has not been made good by Parliament - - £.6,523 1 8

To make good the like Sum - - - I)0 - - D° - - D° - 8,798 11____

To discharge the Arrears and Debts due and owing upon the Civil List, on the 5th day of July 1804 - - ■

FOll defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishments under-mentioned;

Viz.

The Province of Upper Canada in America, from the lft day of January to

D° - - - Nova Scotia - from D° - - _ to D°

D* - - - New Brunswick in America , from I)° - - _ to D* _

Island of St. Jolm in America, now called Prince Edward’s Island,

from D° - - . to D° *

D° - - - Cape Breton in America from D° - - . to D®

D* - - - Newfoundland in America - from D® - - - to D* _

D° - - - Bahama I Hands in America from D° - - _ to D° _ ,

D° - - - Bermudas or Somers Islands from D° - - . to D° _

D° - - - Dominica - front D° - - - to D° -

D° - - New South Wales - from D® - - to D° _

I)° - - - Sierra Leone, to the 31ft day of December 1804 - -

2 —

11

To he employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa -

For defraying the probable Amount of Bills drawn, and to be drawn, from New South Wales, which may become due in the course of the year 1804 For the Reliet of the Suffering Clergy and Laity of France, Toulonefe, Corsican, and Dutch Emigrants, and American Loyalists; for the year 1804 -To defray the Expence attending the confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts at Home; for the year 1804 -

TO make good the under-mentioned Sums which have been issued at the Receipt of the Exchequer out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues; (that is to say)

The Right honourable George Rose, for the Expences at the

Parliament Office, in Selfton 1802-3 - - - - £. 433 19 3

John Clernentfon, Esq. one year’s Rent of a House, in lieu of the Apartments he religned at the House of Commons, due atMidsummer 1803 ----- 219 6 —

Bernard Cobbe, Esq. for additional Allowances to Clerks in the Ottice for Auditing the Public Accounts, for half a year, to the 10th day of October 1803 - 5,300 9 6

Lord Walsingham, for his Attendance as Chairman of the Committees of the House of Peers, in the Session 1802-3 - - 2,701 9 —

Magistrates of the Thames Police, to defray the Expences of a Plan for the more perfect Security of the Shipping in the Port of London - - 649

William Mitford, Esq. to pay a Bill drawn by Lieutenant

General Vyfe, for the Repairs of Port Patrick - - - 248

Thomas Brodie, Esq. as an Allowance on account of his Trouble in making an Index to the Journals of the House of Lords - -

Bernard Cobbe, Esq. for additional Allowances to Clerks in the Ollice for Auditing the Public Accounts, for half a year, to the 5th day of April 1804 - - - "

Melfrs. Puget and Bainbridge, to reimburse the like Sum paid by thereby Order of the Treasury in Ireland, for the Fur-- niture, &c. of a House in Great George-street, Westminster, tiled as an Irish Office, which has been given up for the use of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into Naval Abuses Magistrates of the Thames Police, to defray the Expences of a Plan for the more per fed Security of the Shipping in the Port of London -

Henry Nettleship, Esq. for making up and publishing in the London Gazette, Weekly Returns of the Average Price of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, for one year, to the lft day of

October 1803 -

Bernard Cobbe, Esq. to pay Fees on patting Public Accounts Thomas Macdonald, Esq. for his Services as first Commissioner under the 6th Article of the American Treaty

John Williams, Esq. for Contingent Expences in the Execution v of the Act for enquiring into Naval Abuses George Dance, Archited, to reimburse Expences incurred in consequence ot Orders from a Select Committee of the House of Commons, for the Improvement of the Port of London 5^0 " Messrs Puget and Bainbridge to repay the like Sum remitted them to Ireland, for making a further Provision for

SUMS Voted or Granted. SUMS Paid.

£• d. £■ *■ d.

30,171,488 19 3 30,057,769 15 1

1,500,000 100,900

15,321 12 8 15,321 12 8

591,842 3 10J 591,842 3 10J

8,050 8,050

7,165 7>l65

4,650 4,650

2,300 2,300

2,040 2,040

1,715 1.715 — —

4,100 4,100

580 435

6,00 -

10,049 4 5 i°>49 4 5

28,000 28,000

18,000 18,000 /

28,000 25,890

149,121 144,111 — 11

40,847 9 — 40,040 6 liJ

439 1* — 5,2*5 18 9

2,099 19 9 649 4 —

454 -

3,000-----

5,3*7 4 ~ 1,060 10 —

»>y

Mimllers of the Synods of Ulller and the Presbyteriun Munster - - - " * " *

For Expences attending the digesting and aburacung Poor Returns, made out in purluauce of an Act of the 43d Geo. III.

4,160 13 6

1,100-----

To be distributed to the Officers, Seamen, and Marines, on board the Fleet under the Command of Samuel Lord Viscount Hood, Admiral of the White Squadron of His Majesty’s Fleet, being the EtUmated Value of the Ships and Vessels taken poliession of, and armed for llis Majestys Service, at Toulon; together with their Ordnance and Ordnance Stores -

Borne forward - -

33.750 5 3J

265,336 14 10J

32,882,957 9 4$

33.750 5 3*

Remains to be Paid.

£• d. *3>7f9 4

1,399,100-----

Appendix* (No- 39-)

14° Febru&,

continued.

H5-----

600-----

2,110-----

5,009 19 1

807 2 — i

265,336 14 10}

31,096,129 9 1,786,828 2

786

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 39.)

14* Febraarii, continued.

Account,__(liewing how the Monies given for the Service of the year 1804, have been disposed of, &C

SERVICE S—continued.

Brought forward -

For His Majesty's Foreign and other Secret Services; for the year 1804 For defraying the Sums awarded to be paid by the British Government, pursuant to the Seventh Article of the Treaty between His Majesty and the United States of America; and that the said Sum be paid without any ree,

or other Deduction whatsoever ...... " " "

Towards enabling the Trustees of the British Museum to carry on the Execution

of the Trulls reposed in them by Parliament ......

Towards further enabling D° - - - to carry on D° - - D* - -

For defraying the Charge of the Royal Military College; for the year 1804 - For defraying the Expences incurred, and expected to be incurred, within the year 1^04, on Account of the Royal Military Asylum at Chelsea For defraying the Expence of Printing Journals of the House of Commons; for Printing and delivering the Votes; and for Printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons, during the last Session of Parliament - " " - " "

For defraying the Expence that may be incurred for Printing 1,750 Copies of the 57th Volume of the Journals of the House of Commons

For reprinting, in the proportion of eight Volumes a year, of the Journals, Indexes, and Reports of the House of Commons, agreeable to the Resolutions of the Committee of that House in the lull Session oi Parliament - For defraying the Expences incurred in the year 1803* under the Directions of the "Commissioners appointed by His Majesty, for publilliing the Records of the Kingdom - - - - '

For defraying the Charge of the Superintendence of Aliens, according to the Provisions of an Act, passed in the 43d year of His present Majesty s Reign For defraying the Extraordinary Expences incurred for Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin of this Kingdom; in the year 1803 -

For defraying D® - - - - D° - - - for the year 1804

For defraying the Expence of making an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Weltern Sea, by Inverness and Fort William - For defraying the Expence of Works done at the two Houses of Parliament, and at the House of the Speaker, between the 31ft day of May 1803 and the ‘24th day of April 1804 -

For defraying the Expence of Works done adjoining the Old Chapter House, now the Public Record Office, at Westminster -

For defraying the Expence incurred in Repairs at the King's Bench Prison - For completing the Works carrying on at Chetney Hill, in the County of Kent, under the Authority of an Act of the 39th and 40th years of His present Majesty, for erecting a Lazaret there -

For the Board of Agriculture; for the Service of the year 1804 - For defraying the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convids at Home, for the year 1803, to make good the Deficiency of the Money granted for that Service For enabling His Majesty to afford Relief to the distressed Inhabitants of the Islands of Shetland; and that the said Sum 1it issued and paid without any Fee, or other Deduction ——

For D* - - - D* - - - D* to the distressed Inhabitants of the Islands of

Orkney D°- -D°

Towards repairing and maintaining Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, and that the said Sum he iffuad without any Fee, or other Deduction whatsoever ——

To be applied in Support of an Institution called The Veterinary College; for the year 1804 -

To enable the Commissioners, appointed by virtue of an Act of the 43d Geo.

III. intituled, "An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Lands and Heredita-u ments at Weedon Beck, in the County of Northampton, for erecting " Buildings thereon, for the Service of His Majesty's Ordnance;" to make Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for the Purposes of the said Act ——

To enable His Majesty to make Compensation to the Executors of the late Sir James Wright, for his Loflss sustained as an American Loyalist To defray Bills of the Ulher of the Court of Exchequer, for supplying the Court and Officers with Stationary, &c. for the year 1804 -

For defraying the Charge of Printing and Stationary for the two Houses of

Parliament; for the year 1804 ......

For defraying Law Charges, for the year 1804 - -

To he paid to Ollicers of the Houses of Lords and Commons, and Serjeants at Arms; in the year 18*4 - -

Towards defraying the Expence of the Public Office in Bow-street; for the

year 1804 - ......

For Protestant Dissenting Ministers, in England and Ireland; and for the Relief of the poor French Protestant Clergy and Laity; for the year 1804 - For defraying the Extra Charge for Messengers of the three Secretaries of

Stale; for the year 1804 ......

for defraying the Extra Charge for Contingencies for D° - - - for D° - -To be paid to Sheriffs for Conviction of Felons, and Overpayments, in the

year ......

l;or the Ministers of the Vaudois Churches; for the year 1804 -To enable the Commissioners, appointed by virtue of three Acts of the 42d and 43d years of His present Majesty, for vesting in Trustees certain Lands and Hereditaments at Woolwich and Charlton, in the County of Kent, for the Service of His Majesty's Ordnance, to make Compensation to the Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been purchased for the Purposes of the said Acts ...... .....

For defraying the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads in North Britain; for the year 1804 - - - . .

require to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may

To make good Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service’of the year 180a; at Lady-day 1804 -

For the Charges and Expences of preparing and drawing the Lotteries 1804, fc*d for taking in lickets, and making out Certificates in lieu thereof -

Borne forward - - £,

SUMS Voted or Granted. SUMS Paid. Remains to b« Paid.

£■ *• d- £■ *■ d.

32,882,957 9 4i 31,096,129 9 2$ 1,786,828 _ ,

150,000 ,31.825 3 6 18,174 18 §

412,000 412,000 -

3,000 3,000

8,000 8,000

11,280 1 2 - 11,280 1 2

32,600 — — 30,000 2,600 — —

16,623 1 |

2,500 1 ) *3,775 3 9 5.347 *6 3

10,000 J I

* 1,767 15 10 1,767 15 10

«,589 5 — 4,000 4.589 5 -

1,609 19 4 1,609 19 4

1,700 1,000 -» 700

50,000 50,000

ia,345 - 12,345

741 12 — - 741 12 -

3.010 . 3,010

30,000 - 30,000

3,000 3,000

* 3,269 2 — 3,269 2 —

10,000 m — 10,000

10,000 . 10,000

10,000 - 10,000

1,500 1,500 —

5.531 17 6 5.53117 «

4,871 1 4 4.871 * 4

745 6 10 739 8 — 5 18

11,600 11,600

7,500 7,500

3,905 3.905

9,000 9,000

5.945 10 — 5,793 * — 152 9 "

5,250 1 00 4,131 2 ill

6,965 5,940 1,025

7,371 15 —i 3.175 19 5i 4,195 15 7*

914 914

57,066 6 1 57,066 6 1

5,000 5,000

2,500,000 2,500,000 — —

115,242 16 3 115,242 16 3

16,600 — — 3,900 12,700 — —

36,440,00117 9 34.5oo.575 — 3i| 1.939.426' *7 *5

45 Geo. III.

Appendix,

7 8'-

Account,—(hewing how the Monies given for the Service of the year 1804 have been r.fposed of, PAYMENTS for other Services, not being Part of the Supplies granted for the Service tff the year.

r J 9 i

For Interest of Exchequer Bills, raised per Ad 43 Geo. III. cap. 5.

D° D" D* D° D* D• D*

D* D* !)• D*

44 -D*

D°

36.

- 93-

- 146.

• 147*

• 15*

• 31-

- 78*

J. W. Hay, Esq. Secretary to the Commissioners appointed iri viruie of a Convention concluded with America, dated 8th February 1802; lor Incidental Expences .......

For Salaries to the Officers, and Incidental Lxpeuce* of the Office of the Commissioners for Reducing the National Debt - - - - . - .

To the Officers of the Exchequer, for Extra Trouble in making out Exchequer Bills i To - - D° - - - D° ...... pay ing ©ft' - - D® - -

To the Bank of England, for Discount on Prompt Payments to Loan 1804 To - - - D® - for receiving and paying Subscriptions to D’'

To - - - D° - for Discount on Prompt Payments tofirft and second Lotteries 1804 ........

To - - - D° - - - for receiving and paying Contributions to D*

£■ >. d. *22,851 1* 6 11,683 19 7

W9 w 10 8,000-----

91,345 16 9

180,037 2 8

142,964 3 9

5,270 -- — 81,164 7 8 11,785 4 3 2,769 10 8} 479 15 7l

515,616 1 5

1,181 4 7

a,016 4 — 500 — — 347 10 —

434.535 14 1

3,979 12 10

758,176 4 11

W A V S and M FANS for answering the aforegoing Services:

Duty on Malt continued ....

4*. per Lib. on Pensions, Offices, Ac. Surplus Ways and Means, 1803 War Taxes .... - -

Surplus Consolidated Fund to 5th April 1805 EtHniated Profits on Lotteries, 1804

Loan, Part of £. 14,500,000. (the Remainder being for the Service of Ireland) Exchequer Bills on Aid* 1805, raised per Act 44 Geo. III. cap. 81.

Ipterest on Land Tax Redeemed

Total Sums granted, as per preceding Account -

Amount of Payments, as above, lor Services, not Part of the Supplies of the year ......

£ 36,440,001 17 9

758,176 4 11

Surplus Ways and Means

£■ ». d.

750.000 — -r.

2,000,000 — —

• ,370,664 4 8}

15,440,000 ——

£,000,000 --- —

250.000 — —

lp,000, OOOO -- t—

2,500,000-----

11,160 17 lo$

37,321,825 2 7

37*198,178 2 8

123,646 19 11

Memorandum:

The Sums under-mentioned were also granted in" 1804, but wefe not for the' Service of the year: /.8,000,000 - - In Exchequer pills, were authorized to be raised by Act 44 Geo. III. cap.45. to pay off

£. 3,000,000. raised per Ad 43 Geo. III. cap. 36. and £. 5,000,000. per A# 43 Geo/lII.

cap. 93.

£. 1,500,000. - - In Exchequer Bills, were authorized to be raised by Ad 44 Geo. III. cap. 46. to pay off the like Sum raised per Ad 43 Geo. III. cap, 147*

Amount of SUMS remaining in the Exchequer, and to be Raifec^ as follows;

In C&ffi.

Pritiffi Spirits Foreign D°

Wines, 1803 -Goods and Shipping Malt, 43 Geo. III. c. 81. Tea -Sweets -Property Tax, 1803 Wines, 1804 Goods, Wares, 6cc. 1804

Property Tax, 1804 Lottery - * m

Surplus Consolidated Fund

53.70.6 17 58,494 6 J 1,945 19 107,175 l 37,308 12

6, Ol8 ---

42 l8 90,091 14

To be Raised.

Cash in the Exchequer -

Dedud, Amount of Exchequer Bilk outstanding, on Aids 1804 -Also, the Sum Reserved to pay the Prizes of Second Lottery, 1804

Amount of Sums Remaining to be paid, as per preceding Account

Surplus Ways and Means -

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 14th February 1805. §

d. £• «• d'

9l

1

loj

9i

af

> 6,171,660 6 1

7

7i

3!

nJj

4l *5,4i« 13 4

*: 3,95»,405 12 4l

7l 10,148,482 11

- 507,291 5 7i

_ 10,655,773 17 44

* 1-1 8,592,700

£■; 2,063,073 17 4J

1,939,426 17 5i

£■ 123,646 19 11

Joseph Alcock.

VOJL &►.

1 pendix. 1805.

Appendix; (No. 39.) 14® FebruariSi continued:: PUBLIC INCOME of Ireland, for the year ended the 5th ef January 1805; collecting the fame, and the Nature and Amount of the Payments out of the Net Produce:— Together with the Amount of the Balance remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th of January

•y Gross Receipt, RATE Per.Centum, for which the Gross Revenue was collected. Drawbacks, Discounts, Charges of Management, Paid out of the Grols Revenue.

(— GROSS RECEIPT within the Year. 1 TOTAL RECEIPT to bt Accounted for.

r Re-payments, Drawbacks, Discounts, &c. CHARGES of Management. T TOTAL Payments oat of the Gross Remit.

£■ rf. £• *• * A «■> £. *• J- £• «• i. £■ <■ 1

of 1,883,7*! 2 IOJ} ^*614,691 8 u$ 10 10J 343/506 13 si 35*.054 — 8$ 701,060 14 a

1,681,610 xi 8| S

7$ 194-537 '9 4t 491,167 I. —i 6 18 7{ 7*7* 6 8 *7.344 4 H 34,616 11 4

s 118429 9 i 141,708 it 9i 53 >5 8§ 15,75* * n 63,696 1} 9 79448 16 t

- ,'.965 »j —4 31,965 13 —J

- 6,393 1 "1 6,393 1 11J

- i>54* 8 7 2,548 8 7

- J.J03 »* 3i 3»5°3 * 3$

4,112,7x1 — 6f J.*9>.979 l\ 366,031 3 — i 449,094 19 1} Il5, It6 2}

• 900 —— 9°*

6*5* 2 9) 6,561 a 9i

107,171 19 7$ 107,17a 19 7i

60,861 10 z 60,86l IO 1

42,250

*1801 f 7j S.Soi 1 7} -

' 1,068 6 6 »i*34 ,« 3i

10,666 7 9 *»*4« S 9» - - *5 3 — m *5 S-

1*4*5 4 6 «.93 7 *i

1,885 19 7 3>*io 4 9 1*18* 1 4 80 S 8 i*3®* 5 —

' $*904 «7 6i 8.904 «7 6}

1 1 ] ) 4»S74»*68 4 6| 1 j 5-545.9*0 7 3l - - 367.338 7 4i 449-'75 9t 816,51$ *0 4

1 J I | S.SH.709 «* 5.3*4.709 la ni m to t ‘

I 9^98.977 *7 6| 10,870,630 . 3^ 367.338 7 4i 449>«75 * 9J ti6,5tj| 10 4

to -

JO -

0 -» -

- £• 30,099 15 11

• *93>*77 3 7i

- 13,611 15 11

• *«4»6i9 4 *}

| 3*3*976 19

X *78,141 —

*i®

.I'!1-,

Geo. lit.

Appendik.

liflingui flung, under each Head of Revenue-The Amount of the Croft Receipt-The Rate per-Centum for coining the farne-

* ,llHu8u,‘h,n8 a,so> The Pa3rment* i"t«» Exchequer, and the Amount of the Balance* or Bills in the Hands of the several ( 804, and on the 5th of January 1805, respectively, whether Appropriated or Unappropriated; and the Amount of Exel

NET PRODUCE, RATE Payments out of the Net Produce Applicable to National Objects. r ——

s applicable to *r National Objeda, 1'-- and to '» Payments into the -a Exchequer. rer.Centum, for which the Net Revenoe was collected. < PAYMENTS on Account of Mil’Ku, Oefcrtera Straggling Seamen, Army of Rcfervv, ice. BOUNTIES for promoting Linen Manufacture, Ft (Series, Icc. TOTAL Payments oat of the Net Produce. PAYMENTS into the EXCHEQUER. balances in the Hands of ‘the different Collectors, on the 5th of Janoaiyi8o5. BALANCES in the Hands of the Receiver General, on the 5th of January 1S05. de Rc< in to the bat

£■ £■ *• A £■>. 4. £. d. £• 3m £. e. A * ." 4 £• s. d. if! ]■

3*,3>«l*> *4 9i " 3 3i 50,144 a 11 *3»°«3 7 5 7|^C7 10 4 M)l«* — 36C94* »* i°i - 11:

45«»55‘ 6 * 7 t 11 541,903 14 lot 44*6°7 3 7t - £(

62^60 a n6 7 9} 4*. *35 — | la,09 x 16 9$ -

J«i9<5 ‘3 "4 31^65 1} —J

4,393 ‘ «'t 4.393 ‘ "i

*>S4* * 7 . - - V - *.54* * 7

3>S°3’ * 3i 3.503 »* 3i

> 447Ms* 19 5t - 50,144 a ts *3.o43 7 J 73,107 10 4 3*47.691 11 *t 417,641 19 si - ‘3*

900 — — 9«o — — - * -

6,5(1 a 9I 6,561 1 9I

•07,17* 19 7J 107,17* 19 7i - - - m

60,861 10 t 6o, S6i 10 1 - - - Aa* m

4MJO — — 4*i*5° — — . •

>,lox s 7t *,*01 * 7i

*.*34 «6 J} - ‘49 ‘9 * 534 ‘6 7i

>*,116 * 9| 9,911 >6 n| 1,*93 5 10 A •

*»9®3 7 *i *.644 * 5l *59 4 * A -

‘>*47 »9 9 l>5°° — — 347 ‘9 9 •

rt 8»9°4 17 6\ ».9«4 ‘7 6} - •

4>7*94°6*7 *i . - - 5P>i44 * * *3.043 7 5 75,1*7 so 4 5,516,560 Ji 43o>77 6 *| * «;

3»3*4»7®9 i» "i J.3*4.7°9 * - . - *

10,054,116 10 —I - , 50,144 2 n *3.063 7 5 739*07 10 4 C*4‘»o69 *5 3 4S°»677 * »f . * * X

Nw«.-The Amount of Exchequer Bills UToed for the PaUic Swrw, between the 5th of 1I04 J* * J*»"0

Accountant General afth day of Februar

pp6ndix.

No. 40.)

’ Martii,

Mtitinued.

790

Appendix.

A. 1805.

m , u rnNSOLIDATED FUND of Ireland, for the Year ending 5th January 1805; Am ACCOUNT of the CON Sp^i-g.It., tb. S.,|faofU»

Balance on the Consolidated Fund remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th January 1804 -Customs and Excise Duties, including Quit Rents and Payments by Dismissed Collectors -Stamp Duties, including Compensation from the Bank of Ireland, for One Year to 15th March 1804 Pod Office Revenue ——

Duty on Wrought Plate ——

Poundage Fee ——

Pella Fee ——

Re-payment from Great Britain for Seamen’s Wages advanced by Collectors in Ireland Gain by Exchange on Sums received from Great Britain ..... Other Monies paid to the Public - -

Extraordinary Resources:

On Account of Loans, including £. 800,000 Exchequer Bills -

From Great Britain on Account of } of the Profits on Lotteries for 1804

INCOME*

293.877 3 7l 2,837.913 — li 342,903 14 io±

+2,135 — 7i

2,548 8 7

31,965 13 —

6,393 1 11 j

£ *■ d.

3,557,736 2 10J

60,861 10 1

107,172 19 7 20,094 16 8j

3,745,865 9 3$

6,124,709 H iji

42,250 -

9,912,825 2 3’

A^r ABSTRACT of the RECEIPTS and ISSUES of the Treasury in Ireland, ia

REMAINS

on

5 th January 1804.

T3

G

3

"O

2

O,

Q.

r Linen Manufacture Lagan Navigation -

£ I e o+ I

s<J<

w

<2

3

o

U

Improving Dublin

King's Inns -Voluntary Contributions Fish Bounty -Presbyterian Ministers ^Consolidated Fund -

r Revenue -

Quit Rents

Casualties - -

Dismissed Collectors - -

Stamp Duties ——

From the Bank of Ireland: Compensation ir.

25th March 1804 -

Pottage - * -

Duty on Wrought Plate -

Public Coal Yards -Wool Licences -Poundage Fee in one year, to the 5th January 1805 Pells Fee ...... - fame time

-x. 1,361 — 7

997 10 —

* 2,096 IO —

- 1,500 -

- >3,9oi 1 +J

- 5,791 5 2}

‘ 4,452 8 9

lieu of Stamp Duties, for one y«ar, to

£ s. d. £ d.

) 30,099 15 11

293,877 3 7i 323,976 19 6f

2,835,268 6 74 *4 7 3l 3,503 12 3| 2,560 6 3 339,903 1+ iof

3,oot> ‘ 42,135 — 7l 2,548 8 7 900 329 31,965 r3 - f 6,393 1 n|

confo*td.

45 Geo. III. Appendix.' 791

and also, the Artual Payments thereout, within the said Year: and the Total Charge thereon, in respect to the said Year; laid Cou lull dated Fund.

Actual Payments. Charge!

Interest on Funded Debt, including Annuities and Management ----- Interest on Unfunded Debt - ........ Sinking Fund and Management Principal of Debenture^ ...... Principal of Exchequer Bills I/ottery Prizes Discount on prompt Payment of Loan Deposites, &c. - -- - ^Relief of Loyaliffs Compensation for L,offes by the Union - Inland Navigations £. s. d. 1,971,868 4 95,164.14 11* 539,737 >9 >1 1,700,200 892 30,009 I7 3 8,378 3 3i 33,456 7 3i 42,461 12 — £■ *■ d. 2,044,587 1 il 96,533 3i 539,737 19 4 2,275 1,714,008 6 8 28,676 — — 30,009 17 3 8,378 3 3£ 33,456 7 3 42,461 12 —1

Civil List Pensions Permanent Parliament Payments Military Purposes Vote of Credit ----- 4,422,168 i8 81 162,498 1 5$ 128,233 13 i| 184,784 16 3$ 4,318,420 15 ioi 192,962 9 loj 239,'37 2 H 4,540,123 15 i > Unascertained.

Surtlus of the Consolidated Fund on the 5U1 January 1805 ... 9,648,205 18 —j 264,619 4 2I Unascertained.

£■ 9,912,825 * 3

Treasury Chambers, Dublin Castle, 7

26th February 1805. j G. Cavendish.

, Appendix (No. 40.) 50 Martii,

continued.

APPENDIX.

Cafuulties ......

Public Coal Yards ......

AVool Licences ......

From sundry Persons on further Account of Rice, India Com, See. fold on Account of Government -From the CommilTi<mers of Wide Streets, Interest on £. 38,985. 19 s. 7c/. in Debentures at £. 5-per Cent, per Annum, for one \ ear to 25th March 1804, iiVued to them pursuam to Act of Parliament, Session 1800 - -

More Interest on /6,o23. 6s. 8d. in Exchequer Bills, at £. 5-per Cent, per Annum, for one Year to 25th March 1804, 1 tlued to them pursuant to said Act ——

The Amount of sevend Public "vdes of Building Materials belonging to the Concerns purchased by Government, contiguous to Dublin Castle, from 12th Odobci 180310 fft February 1804 -

From the Uepresentative of John Turner, deceased, late Agent for Transports, &c. Repayment of an Advance made him iu August 1801, under the Head of 44 Transportution oi Felons' -

£' s. d.

3.503 12 3?

900 — —

329 — —

6,561 2 9l

L949 6 —

3oi 3 4

00 00 0 io 3

5,670 2 -1

Auditor General's Office, 7 26th February 1805. j

c

20,094 16

Thomas Hajfield.

1

Oue Year; from the 5 th of January 1804 to the 5th of January 1805; together with the Remains.

cn

cn

tn

'O

G

3

-o

o>

+-*

-o

c

o

V

Civil List Pen lions

Cmd

W

G

QJ

G

3

Public Infirmaries -

Public Coal Yards -

Army Baggage ——

Lottery E\j>ences

Police F.ffablishment -

Inspector General of Prisons -

Transportation of Felons -

Fees on Auditing Treasury Accounts

Impress Office - -

Secret Service, in deteding Treasonable Conspiracies

Annuities and Compensation Allowances -

Judges Additional Salaries, &c.

Commission of Enquiry -

‘ Army, including Garrisons, and their Incidents General Officers and Medical Staff -Muster Mailer General, &c.

Recruiting, Contingencies, ftc. -

Half Pay Officers, Reduced Chaplains, &c. Supernumerary Officers

Officers Widows -

Ordnance -

Barrack Department ......

Royal Hospital -

Military llospitals and Royal Military Infirmary Militia -

Volunteer Corps - ......

Army Extraordinaiies * * *

£• 1. d.

3,825 _

3,102 5 44

15,670 18 2j

3,962 19 3

17,225 19 1*

200 — —■

4,344 5 2

1,715 19 7

2,400 — —

7,216 9 10

93,864 6 24

30,556 13 7

700 — —

1,392,341 19 10

65,95+ 9 1

6,411 13 1

1,769 — 7!

36,205 2 31

1,012 3 7

6,482 4 9i

4004)00 — —

493,228 6 loj

41,511 12 +4

24,842 3 »0

736,468 9

622,615 1 —

+89,578 9 i4

£• *■ d-162,498 1 5{

128,233 13 if

184,784 16 3i

9®

4,318,420 15 i«i continued.

4

702

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix, (No. 40.) 5* Mai'tii, continued.

An A b ft raft of the Receipts and

sc

8

m

H

a.

ui

o

w

T3

2

rH

2

a

o

U

From the Commissioners of the Navy in Great Britain* on Account of Advances made by several ColLcWs in Ireland for Seamens'Wages, £.56,179. 17 s. Britishi -

From fuudry Persons, on further Account of Rice, India Corn, kc. fold for Account of Government ......

From the Commissioners of Wide Streets: Interest on £.38,985. 195. 7d. in Debentures, at £.5-per-Cent. per Annum, for one Year, to the 25th March 1804; ill'ued to them pursuant to Act of Parliament, Session 1800 -

More: Interest on £.£,023. 6s. 8 d. in Exchequer Bills, at £. 5-per-Cent. per Annum, for one Year, to the 25th March 1804; itfued to them pursuant to Act of Parliament, Session 1800 ——

The Amount of several public Sales of Building Materials belonging to the Concerns purchased by Government, contiguous to Dublin Cattle, from the i‘2th October 1803 to the ill February 1804 ——

From the Representative of John Turner, deceased, late Agent for Transports, kc. Repayment of ail Advance made to him in August 1801, under the stead of " Transportation of Felons' -

Gain by Exchange on Sums received from Great Britain -

From Great Britain, on Account of One-third of the Profit on the Lotteries for 1804, £. 39,000. British ——

From Great Britain, on Account of a Loan of £.4,500,000. Britishi, by which a Debt is created of £.8,190,000 British, making £.8,872,500 Irish, at £. 3-per-Cent. per Annum, from lundry dates, £.3,761,270. 8j. 5\d. British -

On Debentures, a Loan of £.1,250,000, by which a Debt is created of £*1,404,531. 5s. at £. 5-per-Cent. per Annum, trom the 25th March 1804 -

On Exchequer Bills, at £. 5-per-Cent. per Annum, from sundry dates, issued pursuant to 44 Geo. 1IL cap. 97. -

£• s. d.

60,861 10 1

6*561 2

1,949 6 —

301 3 4

880 10 3

5,670 2 — I

107,172 19 7l 42,250-----

3

u,

3<

b.

c.

s

Oh

(X

C

Linen Manufacture -

Lagan Navigation ——

Improving Dublin -

Royal Exchange and Commercial Buildings Presbyterian Ministers - -

»49 19 8

1,500 — —

9,92a 16 ill

‘,644 2 5l

8,904 »7 61

Treasury, Ireland, 7 loth February 1805. 3

Ifljt« y(

£■ t. 1

9,618,947 >* 7}

22, 121 1$ 7}

9,965,046 14 9}

G. Cavendish,

An ACCOUNT of the Value of all IMPORTS into, and all EXPORTS from Ireland, for the Year ended 5th January

1S05; Distingmflung the Value of Into Produce and Manufactures Exported from the Value of Foreign Article* Exported; together mith the Difference between the Official Value and the Real Value of Iritli Produce and Manufactures Exported in the Year ending 5th January 1805. r

Official Value of Imports

5,7‘8.945 3 4

Official Value I Produee and Manufaaures of Exports | Foreign Articles -

- £• 4>902,9‘4 " »o

- * - 160,158 9 io

—-----* 5,o63,73 1

Note.—The Account of the REAL VALUE of Irish Produce and Manufaaures, Exported in the Year ending 5 th January i8«5, •annot be now returned, as the Average Rate* *f all Ireland are not yet ascertained.

Inspector General of Imports and Exports Office, Custom-House, Dublin, 17th February 1805.

Rogers Wetherall,

AIM* Infp' General of Imports and Export*.

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

793

the Treasury in Ireland, &c.— continued.

CO

U

CO

c

Vote of Credit

Cj

u.

O

"5

3

s

Public Officers, for several Services Public llospitals and Schools Miscellaneous Services Public Boards -

3

C

O

U

L

Discount on Prompt Payment of Loan Depofilcs, Jcc. Relief of Loyalists -

Compensation for Lottes by the Union -Inland Navigations, Grant of Session 1800 -

Lottery Prizes - ......

Principal of Exchequer Bills ....

Intcrett, Annuities, and Management on Funded Debt Sinking Fund, and Management -Interest on Exchequer Bills -

-a

3

*0

V

.s

Urn

Cm

o

I-

cu

ca

C

REMAINS

on

5th January 1805.

Linen Manufacture -

Ligan Navigation ......

Improving Dublin -

Royal Exchange and Commercial Buildings -Voluntary Contributions -

Presbyterian Mimfiers -

Fi fh Bounty -

Linen Manufacture -

Lagan Navigation -

Improving Dublin -

King's Inns ——

Royal Exchange and Commercial Buildings Presbyterian Ministers -Fish Bounty -

-o

v

3

u

Cm

c

a-

S!

- £• 824 *4

- 1.50* — —

• 3.367 16 9

• 1,500 — —

381 8 9

349 19 Hi

- 5,697 16 5l

Consolidated Fund

c-

1,780 — 89,40816 uj 94,848 5 53,100-----

£■ '■ d.

192,90a 9 io|

30,009 17 3

8,378 3 3i

' 33,456 7 si

42,461 id' -4

892 — —

1,700,200 — —

1,971,868 4 85

539,737 19 >4

95,164 H >>i

686 6 3

997 10 —

8,651 10 *1

1,262 »3 8J

>3,901 1 4l

>3,007 6 4

93 8 9

13,621 >5 11

264,619 4 2j|

239,137 2 S|

4422,168 18 84

9,648,205 18 —4

38.599 16 7i

9,686,805 14 84

278,241 — 14

9,965,046 14 94

sssaEssaessssaar

Appendix.

(No. 40.)

5° Mar

tontinned

Am ACCOUNT of the Number of V E S S E L S, with the Amount of their Tonnage, which have been Built and Registered in the several Ports of Ireland, between the 5th of January 1804 and the 5th of January 1805.

Nifmber of Vessels.

Amount of Tonnage.

36

1.547

Custem-House, Dublin, 7 Fra,' L,

07th February 1805. ) Dept Regr General of Shipping.

An A C C 0 U N T of the Number of V E S S E L S, with the Amount of their Tonnage, and Number of Men and Boys dually employed in Navigating the lame, which belonged to the several Ports of Irklaxd, on tfaa goth of Septei|ber 1804.

Vessels.

Tons.

Meg.

1,061

58,060 - 547®

CuAom-House, Dublin, \ Fra1 L. Morgan,

27th February 1804. j Dtp? Regf Grand of Shipping.

794

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix, -(No. 40.)

50 Martii, continued*

An ACC O UNT of the Nfcmber of V E S S E LS, with the Amount of their Tctanage, and the Number of Men and Boys employed Ireland, from or to All Parts of the World, between the 5th of January J804 and the 5th of January 1805: Distinguishing

COUNTRIES from which INVOICED.

INWARDS.

IRISH.

O

w

Canaries -

Denmark and Norway France

-Germany -Holland -

Iuly -

Madeiras -

Portugal - - - -

Prussia -

Russia - -

Spain -

Streight& and Gibraltar Sweden -

Total Foreign Europe -

England -Guernsey -Jersey Man, Isle -Scotland -

Total Britishi Europe -

o

d

w

as

Carolina, North Carolina, South Maryland -New England -New Providence New York Penufylvania Virginia -

Total States

Canada, Quebec, $cc. Newfoundland -Nova Scotia

Total Colonies -

Antigua -Barbadoes Dominica Grenada

Jamaica -

Nevis -

St. Kitt’s -St. Vincent's Tortola -

Total British West Indies

Demerara Surinam -Tobago Trinidad -

Total Conquered Islands

Cuba -St. Thomas’s -

jTotal Foreign West Indies Honduras -

Ships.

3

27

1

1

4

5

55

745

6

2

397

1,150

25

Louisiana

Berbice

Tons.

205

4,061

100

31

i>7°5

611

713

310

7,736

55,949

172

62

20,127

76,310

H5

79

549

773

3*8

240

244

812

1,087

1,148

89

202

1,162

169

339

183

4,379

196

196

335

Men.

17

217

8

4

92

27

40

23

428

BRITISH.

Ships.

179

1

51

37

296

Tons.

20,750

96

2,958

10,218

4>885

181

129

39,217

3,577

26

8

1,678

5,289

7

30

45

17

24

16

57

67

59

8

14

81

12

21

12

274

11

11

12

4,4*3 18 6 30 i,363

5,900

6

3

1

1

10

25

467,294

1,190

370

1,078

92,304

Men.

1,149

6

186

456

269

2,083

FOR El G N.

Ships.

2

196 12 11 25 4

67

35

40

41

24,421

86

28

114

6,302

562,236

30,951

154

146

324

161

7*5

1,286

284

i,57o

1,301

576

106

4*

1,985

723

421

5,160

215

401

616

156

156

878

12

8

15

7

42

65

18

*3

66

50

20

6

122

30

21

315

9

20

29

11

11

39

433

4

1

4

15

43

21

7

95

Tons.

264

32,423

1,217

1,871

3,3H

544

6,544

5,699

5,287

4*924

62,087

317

317

545

59

687

2,405

8,212

4,070

1.303

17,281

Men.

13

2,0*20

106

109

215

40

619

33*

334

361

4,155

32

GENERAL total

of all Vessels

32

3*

6

48

137

444

235

80

988

93

j ENTERED INWARDS

Ships. Tons. Men.

5 469 30

402 57,234 3,3 Sd

12 1,217 106

12 ‘»9°7 115

25 3,314 215

5 C44 48

1 3‘ 4

103 11,207 897

90 16,528 8n

42 5,5^8 3«y

40 5,* *7 334

4 491 31

43 5^33 370

7*4 1 09,040 6,666

5,233 523,560 28,030

24 1 1,362 112

6 37° 28

32 1,140 122

1.1,760 in,43i t 7,980

7,055 638,863 - 1 . 36,272

1 5 609 50

3 3j° 22

4 6*7 4*

15 2,45 137

46 8,615 4 66

21 4,070 235

11 2,013^ 117

105 i8,8S9 1.075

8 1,614 82

6 5H 4*

1 244 16

15 2,382 140 * --

12 2,388 133

9 L724 109

2 195 28

- 3 250 20

16 3, H7 203

1 I69 12

4 1,062 5*

3 604 33

50 9,539 589

— —

2 411 20

2 401 . 20

4 812 40

1 156 11

1 156 11

3 878 39

1 93 7

1 335 . 12

AMERICA: EUROPE:

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix*

795

in Navigating the fame (including their repeated Voyages) which Entered Inwards and Cleared Outwards, in the fexeral Ports of Infh, British, and Fore.gn Vessels, and the Countries from whence the said V.ffefe arrived, or to which they were bound.

COUNTRIES to which

OUTVOICED.

Canaries -

Denmark and Norway France -Germany -Holland - >- -

Italy ... Madeiras -Portugal -Prussia -Russia -Spain -

Streights and Gibraltar Sweden -

Total Foreign Europe -

England -Guernsey -Jersey Man, I lie Scotland -

Total British Europe -

Carolina, North Carolina, South -Maryland -New England -New Providence New York -Pennsylvania Virginia -

Total States

Canada, Quebec, &c. Newfoundland -Nova Scotia

Total Colonies -

Antigua -

Barbadoes

Dominica

Grenada

Jamaica

Nevis

St. Kitt's -

St. Vincent’s Tortola -

Total British "West Indies

Demerara Surinam -Tobago -Trinidad -

Total Conquered Islands

Cuba -St. Thomas’s -

Total Foreign West Indies

Honduras

Louisiana

Berbice -

Vol. Co.

OUTWARDS.

IRISH.

Ships.

l

19

l

li

l

4

l

6

45

5^9

4

t

28

373

Tons.

46

2,913

156

31

1,4*2

240

715

165

530

975

6,218

43>°53

196

24

613

19,04°

65,996

172

344

416

*97

244

5

5

17

48

741

877

3*664

73*

3,38i

467

9,120

169

344

513

Men.

4

140

3

88

10

35

9

4‘2

335

2,972

20

3

*33

1,752

4,880

20

*9

4°

13

53

45

188

5*

196

21

50a

15

18

33

BRITISH.

Ships.

1

53

4,79*

1

21

1

*3

3

18

7

6

59

1

6

3

3

*06

10

Tons.

85

8,200

1,104

916

1,024

62

n,39i

382,225

1,063

527

1,299

74,720

459,*34

154

188

896

1,238

164

«,56i

136

2,861

693

4,37

1,418

1,223

18,420

147

1,628

660

898

Men.

8

397

65

40

45

559

20,415

62

40

143

4,934

23,594

12

18

45

75

8

160

8

29,124

947

1,332

2,279

235

235

215

176

39

245

117

80

1,029

10

126

4i

65

1,752

58

1)8

156

12

12

13

FOREIGN.

Ships.

2

161

3 2 1

8

129

24

69

3

5

408

39

4

4

11

37

11

5

72

Tons.

502

27,017

283

198

174

1,155

13,373

4,029

257

9,256

383

585

59,212

4,991

329

Men.

28

1,655

22

14

7

72

GENERAL TOTAL [ of all Veflbls CLEARED OUTWARDS.

Ships.

4

*33 3 3 1 8 1

1,13* 149

237

12

629

30

42

5,3*0

799

766

1,631

6,847

1,884

939

12,866

103

103

214

3,880

327

15

342

41

44

113

399

114

55

766

10

10

20

29

10

70

9

6

326

4,273

17

10

68

1,440

5,808

1

4

4

11

1

43

U

6

81

1

27

2

30

8

37

12

6

76

1

6

5

3

154

1 4

8

13

9

2

Tons.

633

38,130

283

354

174

1,155

3i

17,899

5,185

1,996

9*2i

913

647

76,821

433,269

1,259

55i

1,912

94,089

Men.

4°

2,192

22

18

7

72

3

1,285

287

92

638

7*

46

531,080

154 799 7 66 1,631 188 7,913 1,884

1,183

14,520

164

3,058

380

3,602

i,57o

7,701

2,149

1,223

21,801

147

1,628

1,127

898

38,244

169

947

1,676

2;792

33*

338

*15

214

4,774

23>7i4.

82

43

276

6,701

30,816

12

4*

44

113

18

453

114 75

870

8

200

21

229

84

433

169

80

1,225

10

126

62

65

2,254

15

58

116

189

20

22

13

20

(continued.

ft

Appendix, (No. 4 50 Martiiy

continued*

Appendix, (Xo. 40.) 50 Marliiy

cuntktttetU

Appendix.

The Account of the Number of Vessels, with the Amount of their Tonnage, ami Number of Men and Boys employed in

Navigating the fame, &c.—continued.

t

c 0 u n r n 1 e s from which I N W A R D S. [ GENERAL TOTAL j of all Vessels I ENTERED INWARDS.

IRIS II. BRITISH. FOREIG N.

I N V O / C E D. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. ! | Ships. Tons. Men.

GENERAL ABSTRACT; viz. TOTAL OF ALL Europe - H205 84,046 5 > 717 6,196 601,453 33.034 438 62,404 4,187 7.839 747,903 42,038

America - 38 6,495 399 46 9n65 519 96 17.374 995 180 33>°34 1,013

Asia ——

New Holland ——

Africa - — — — "t — — — -7- — — —* —

Cape of Good Hope - — —* ——

Total of all Parts - M43 9°,54! 6,116 6,242 610,618 33.553 534 79,778 5.182 8,019 780,937 44.851

COUNTRIES O U T W A R D S. GENERAL TOTAL of ajl Vessels CLEARED OUTWARDS.

to which IRISH. BRITISH. FOREIGN.

OUTVOICED. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men. Ships. Tons. Men.

GENERAL ABSTRACT; viz. TOTAL OF ALL

Europe - 1,020 72, H4 5,215 4,865 47L225 26,153 449 64,532 4,222 6,334 607,901 35,59°

America - 60 10,790 617 148 35,952 2,184 s 75 15,183 796 283 59,925 3*597

Asia - — - , — —

New Holland: - — ' ——

Africa - 7 1.256 75 7 1,256 75

Cape of Good Hope ——

Total of all Parts - i,oSo ’ 82,934 1 5,832 5,093 507,177 28,337 53i 78,971 5,093 6,624 669,0S2 39,202

ExamT of Customs' Office, Custom-House, Dublin, 27th February 1805.

1

Samuel Walker,

Comptroller of Tonnage, &c.

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

797

A:< ACCOUNT, Shewing how the PUBLIC INI O NILS remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer oi Ireland on the 5th ot January 1804, together with the Monies paid into the fame during the year1 ending the 5th of January 1805, and the Monies paid out of the Net Produce of the Revenues of the said year in Anticipation of the Exchequer Receipt, have In eu actually applied; distlnguishing the Total Amount of the Sums applied to the following Heads of Service.—1 ft. Interest on Public Funded Debt; together with the Charges of Management, and the Sums applied to its Reduction.—sdly. The Interest on Exchequer Bills.— 3dly. Lines for Purposes appointed by the lrifli Parliament prior to the Union.—4tldy. Lines horn Appropriated Funds for Local Purposes. —5th 1 v. Civil List, Petitions, and other Permanent Charges.— 6thly. Payments in Anticipation of Exchequer Receipts.—7tbly- 1 lie Ordnance.—8thly. 1 he Army; specitving the Amount of Monies paid on Account of the Ordinary Services; viz. for Regulars, Militia, and Volunteer Corps; for Barracks; for Staff Officers and Officers of Garrifans; for Half Pay; for Widows Pensions; for Royal Hospital; for Pay ot Public Officers: Specifying also the Amount of Monies paid to the Extraordinary Service of the Army.^ —9thly. Milce llaneous Services: And, luftly, specifying the Amount of any Public Money applied to any oilier Public Service (it any) not hereinbefore enumerated.

Heads of Expenditure.

I. For Interest on the Funded Debt of Ireland, including Annuities for Lives ami Terms of years; also, £. 1 per-Cont. for the Reduction of the Capital created by Loans fmee 1707 -

For Charge of Management thereon -

There was also applied towards the Reduction of the National Debt, the Annual Line of

Whereof was applied, towards the Reduction of the National Debt- -

Total on Account of Interest -

Ditto, for Charge of Management

Ditto, on Account of the Reduiftion of the National Debt -

II. The Interest on Exchequer Bills

III, LTiies for Purposes appointed by the Parliament of Ireland prior to the Union, &c. -

£■ s. d.

2>423»773 2 5

67/* 35 8 4

2,49),4<j8 10 9

666,8‘>9 4 5

15824,579 6 4

20,197 13

666,829 4 5

IV. Issues from Appropriated Funds for Local Purposes -

f Civil List -V.) Pensions -

Other Permanent Charges

VI. Payments in Anticipation of Exchequer Receipts; viz Bounties - -

Militia, Army of Reserve, Deserters Warrants, &c.

VII. Ordnance

VIII. Army.—Ordinary Service; Viz.

Regulars, Militia, and Volunteer Corps

Barracks -

Staff'Officers, and Officers of Garrisons -

Half Pay and Supernumerary Officers, and Reduced Chaplains *- - -

Officers Widows

Royal Hospital - - - * -

Public Officers, their Deputies, Clerks, and Incidental Expences -

Extraordinary Services -

IX. Miscellaneous Services -

Lastly. Vote of Credit - -

S U M S.

£. s. d.

20,197 13 *1

162,498 1 5

128,233 13 1*4,784 16 3j

23*063 7 5 50,144 2 11

2,77', 26i 2 2

493,228 6 10’

72,73° 1 7)

37>2,7 5 10.I

6,482 4 92

41>511 12 48

6,41 1 L3 1

3,428,842 6 94

4^9,57® 9 li

£ d.

2,511,606 3 io\

95,164 14 11J

1 15,397 19 10J 38,599 16 7 2

475,516 10 ioJ

73,20710 4 400,000 —

TOTAL.

£■ *• d-

4,460,768 15 32

3,918,420 15 lot 239. '37 2 19-2,962 9 10 2;

5,299,244 9 8

0,760,013 5 —i

(No. 40.) 5® Martii,

continued.

Treafliry Chambers, Dublin Castle, ift March 1805,

G. Cavendish.

798

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendoty

{No. 40.). 5* Martii,

ctmtuiutd.

4

An A'CCOTST of tt«f

POBtfC f UNDEfy D E BT of IRELA N I>, as the fame flood on the- 5th of January 1805: Distmgmlhing the each Fund-—the Annual intered and AnfeuitB&s, and the several Factions thereof payable in London and

By vrhot ACTS Created.

SUMS

Raised.

1 £ «. d. t

13 Geo. III. «. 1 *265,000 . — 1

»5 Geo. Ill 175,000

17 Geo. III. . 1 300,000 —- — 1

«5 Geo. III. V * •11

27 Geo. III. - 200,000 — — I

a* Geo. Ill 918,240 — — I

»7» «9> & 31 Geo. III. - 174,600 II

33 Geo. III. .... 200,000 H

Vote of Credit of u June 1793

150,000-----

34 Geo. III. - 1,029.650 11

35 Geo. III. - \,591,666 13 4 1

36 Geo. III. - - . I 640,000 — 11

Vote of Credit, 18 October 1796

3*25,000 — —

37 Geo. III. - 2,018,700 II,

38 Geo. III. - - I 3424476 3 4 -

39 Geo. Ill* - - . | 5,261,000 1

40 Geo. III. - , . I 4,666,666 13 4 1 -

41 Geo. III. * * I ^750,319 6 3

42 Geo. IU. - - - 1 3,791,666 13 4 1 1

43 Geo. III. - * 2,166,666 13 4 1

44 Geo. III. r - 1 6,125,000 — 11

BANK of IRELAND;

22 and 37 Geo. III. ... 1 600,000 •—. 1

37 Geo. III. - I 500,006 1

£ p7»*»73>65a 2 11

TOTAL PKI-HCl* AL Ot-BT, on ttte 5

Treasury Chambers, Dublin Castle, 1 26th February 1805.

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix

799

Years in which each Tart thereof w«8 created Dirtinguishing also, the different Funds in which it is inverted—the Amount of the Capitai Stock of

Dublin respectivcty—the Chan/ of Management—and the Annual Charge for the Reduction of the said Debt.

LONDON. Annuities on Lives and Terms of Years. ANNUAL CHARGE for Redemption of NATIONAL DEBT.

£. 3-per-C ent. Coidoitdiied Ann»utn>, to comntroce from 5ll» Ja'iniry IH* Hi. (British Currency.) £. 4-per-Cent. Con soli dated Annuities, (1*ntiih Currency.) Annual Interest. Charge of Management. < Pursuant to Act of 37 Geo. III. for Redemption of Debt then existing. A By Acts providing £. 1. per Cent, for Redemption of 1 Debts Created fiuce 1797. TOTAL of Annual Expence.

£■ *• <!■ £■ *■ £■ d. £■ *■ d. £. s.d. £. t. d. £• s. d. £• *• d.

- - - - - 15,900

10,500 >•517 17 »J - - 49,417 17 Life Annuities.

22,500 ) 2,250 - 2,250 f Expired \ Annuities.

mm m rn >39,138 8 — - - 39,138 8 —

- - 6,984 6,984 T

; !; | 17,500 r 17.500

• - 51,48*2 10 — 10,296 JO 346 2 6 - . 62,125 2 6

- - mr ' - 79,583 6 S 18,058 13 8 655 7 9 - . 98,297 8 1

148,250 23,437 1° — 319 18 4 " . 72,007 8 4

- 300,000 4 130,062 lO 5>28i 5 — 1,307 6 2$ 67,635 8 4 38,714 n 8 343,001 1

- - 232,747 1° — 5,326 7 9 1,820 8 5} 64,466 3 4 304,360 9 6J

- •» 271,175 2,369 14 6] - - - 76,875 350,419 14 6$

- . 227,050 - i,439 — 41 - 59,016 13 4 287,505 13 8J

- - 144,896 3 6 - 2,053 12 — - 47,598 19 2 194,548 14 8

139/250 - 143,208 3 — - 1,186 3 9| - 46,294 4 — 190,688 10 93

- - 104,000 6,951 7 9 1,630 19 11 - 35,346 9 11 147,928 17 7

- 336,401 11 3 — 3,992 12 6 - " " 102,770 6 3 443,164 10 —

_ _ _ . 30,000 30,000

- - 25,000 18,125 — - - 4 5,000 48,125

•3,092 1 — - - 3,092 1 —

139/*50: 300,000 1,887,479 2 5 136-37614 2 20,731 4 6i 69,885 8 4 476,082 7 8 2,590,554 17 ii

Irish Currency: Irish Currency:

150,854 3 4 305,000 —

150,854 3 4

13,821,979 3 4 Management on so much of the Debt payable in Dublin

22,251,666 13 4 as has been converted into Stock, transferrable at the

2,058,333 .6 8 11,625,450 11 3 174,600 Bank of Ireland. The Remainder is not chargeable with Management.

• 2,888,472 17 1

- * - c 53>29<5.356 15 —

Appendix,

(No. 40.) 5* Martii, continued

G. Cavendish.

9S

800

Appendix

A. 1805.

Appendix, (No. 40.) 5* Martii,

continued.

u* Martii.

An ACCOUNT of the UNFUNDED DEBT of Ireland, and Demands Outstanding, on the 5th of January 1805; under the Heads of,—Loan Debentures, Exchequer Bills, Lottery Prizes, and Loan from Great Britain for paying the Prizes of the Irish Lotteries of 1801;—distinguishing under each Head respectively, the Particulars of which such Debt or Demand confided, and also what Part of the said Debt or Demand was then provided for, and in what Manner; and what Part thereof was Unprovided for.

LOAN DEBENTURES;

Residue of Debentures bearing £. 4 per-Cent. Interest to the YeaT 1788, provided for by 27 and 28 Geo. III. but not claimed by the Proprietors; viz.

Old Loan ......

Loan by Lottery 1780

Loan by Lottery 1781 ......

L-

EXCHEQUEIt BILLS:

Outdanding Exchequer Bills, provided for by several Acts of Parliament, but not claimed by the Proprietors; viz.

Payable 24 June - 1783 -

24 June - 1790 -

24 June , - 1791 -

24 June - 1795 -

25 December 1798 ——

24 June - 1801 -

24 June - 1802 -

25 March - 1803

8 6 8

50-----

100-----

300-----

400-----

100-----

100-----

12,75 -

£■ *■ 1

(*) ,75 —

Exchequer Bills, not in course of Payment till after 5th January 1805:

(*) 13,808 6 8

38 Geo. III. Payable - - - 25 March

"Payable on or before 24 August -j ----- - 25 August -

44 Geo. Ill

29 September 25 October -20 November

1806 - 0 1805 -1805 -1805 -1805 -1805 -

30,000 — —

100.000 -

200.000 -

300.000 -

100.000 -

100,000 -

830,000-----

843,808 € I

LOTTERY PRIZES:—Outstanding Lottery Prizes of the several Lotteries, from iheYear 1782 to the Year 1801 -

LO A N from Great Britain, for paying the Prizes of the Irish Lotteries 1801

*7>7*4-----

299,000 -

Total - - £. 1 1,172,867 6 8

(*) Provision 1ms been made for these Sums by several Acts of Parliament,

(b) To be provided for by the Grand Canal Company, to whom they were issued.

The remaining Sums to be provided for. Treasury Chambers, Dublin Castle,

26th February 1805.

G. Cavendish.

An ACCOUNT, shewing how the Monies granted for the Service of the Year 1.804, for Irbland, have been Dispofedof }-

distinguished under the several Heads; stated in \ri(h Currency.

SERVICES.

Sums Granted.

Remains.

Forces:

Army, with Garrisons, and their Incidents (£. 1.161,168. 2 11. £,

British) - »>,57>93»

Augmentation of the Forces (£. 70,000. British)

The Queen’s German Regiment (£. 22,849. 17. 6.)British Allowance to non-commissioned Officers and Private Men for Small beer, and while on a March, (£.68,613. British part of £. 108,464. 9. 3. British) -On Account of the Recruiting Service and Contingent Expences of the Regular Forces (£. 93,230. 15 5. British, part of £.98,635. 12. 2. British) -

75,83S 6

*4>754 —

74,330 15

- 101,000 —* -

Militia, (£. 640,657. 17. British) ' -

Contingencies for Embodied Militia, (£. 11,120. 7. British) Allowance to non-connnilhoned Officers and Private Men for Small Beer, and while on a March (£, 39,851. 9. 3. British, part of £. 108,464. 9. 3. British) -

694,046-----

12,056 15 10

i,533,*5

43»l7*

Volunteer Corps, (£. 1,290,567. 13. 11. British) -

Recruiting, Contingencies, &c. (£. 5,404. 16. 9. British, the Residue of

£'.98,635. 12. 2. British, after deducting £.93,230. 15. 5. British, placed to the Head ofuArmy ") - - - - / -

General Staff Officers, including the permanent Allowances of the Medical Board (£. 61,037. 3* 9* British) -

Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty's Forces (£..934. 6. 5. British1) -Muller Master General, and other Principal Officers of several Public Departments, their Deputies, Clerks, and Contingent Expences (£.8.844. 24. 3. British) ——

Half Pay Officers, and Reduced Chaplains (£ 44,215. 12. 5.

British) - -- -- 47,900 5 1

Military Allowances to reduced Officers of the Land Forces

(£.665. 8. 6. British) ----- 720 17 6

749,275 4 2 t>39V*5-----

12,806 14 775*499 '9 —

5,*55

66,123 12 1,012 3

2. l.

In and Out-Pensioners of the Royal Hospital near Kilm&inham (£.45,241.

British) ——

Pensions to the Widows of Officers of the Land Forces, and Expences attending the fame (£.6,000 British) -

Barrack Department (£.461,887, 6. 10. British) -General Hospital Expences, and the Charge of the Royal Military Infirmary in Dublin (£.23,538. 9. 3. British) -

Carried forward

9,5*t 15

3,'7°

2 4\

6,500-----

500,377 19

25,500-----

657

4*B93>*23 11

964,9%

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

801

Account, shewing how the Monies granted for the Service of the Yew 1804, for Ireland, have been Disposed of

SERVICE S—continued.

4

Brought forward -Extraordinary Services of the Army (£. 606,000 British) -

Office of Ordnance (£,304,615. 7. 8. British) - £. 330,000-----

More, to replace a like Sum, advanced by the Exchequer in Ireland (from the Vote of Credit) for Ordnance Services to the 31ft December 1803, beyond the Grant of Parliament for the said Year (£.64,615. 7. 8. British) - 70,000-----

Vote of Credit, to enable His Majesty to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may require - - - - . m J m

For pay ing off and discharging Treasury Bills, due in the Year 1804 I

PUBLIC OFFICERS for several SERVICES:

Accountant General ......

Deputy Accountant General ......

Exaroinatur of Corn Bounties ......

inspector General of Imports and Exports ......

First Clerk to Ditto ......

Exarainator of Excise ......

Aflillant Examinator of Excise ......

Clerk in the Office of the Auditor of the Exchequer -

* MISCELLANEOUS SERVICES:

Civil Buildings * ......

Printing and Binding *50 Copies of the Public General Acts of 44th Geo. III. -Publishing Proclamations and Advertisements in the Dublin Gazette and other Newspapers

Printing, Stationary, and other Diffiurferaents, for several Public Offices in

Dublin Cattle ......

Treasury Incidents -

Apprehending Public Offenders ——

Criminal Prosecutions and other Law Expences of Government -Expence of Pratique in the Port of Dublin -

Working His Majesty's Gold Mine in the County of Wicklow -Cloathing Battle-Axe Guards ——

Cloathing His Majesty's Heralds Pursuivants at Arms, and State Trumpeters, for three Years, from 17th March 1804 ——

The Purchase of the Palace of the Archbishop of Dublin, at Saint Sepulchre's -

PUBLIC BOARDS:

Board of First Fruits, for building new, and repairing old Churches, See. -Commissioners for making wide and convenient Streets in Dublin -Corporation for Paving, Cleansing, and Lighting the Streets of Dublin The Dublin Society for promoting Huffiandry and other useful Arts More, towards completing additional Buildings, &c. at their Repository and Botanic Garden -

Farming Society ——

Linen and Hempen Manufacture -

PUBLIC HOSPITALS and SCHOOLS:

Incorporated Society for promoting English Protestant Schools Secretary to the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests Association for discountenancing Vice, and promoting the Knowledge and Practice of the Christian Religion -

Female Orphan House, near Dublin -

Penitentiary for young Criminals, in Dublin -

Foundling Hospital, in Dublin ——

Hibernian Marine Society -

Hibernian School for Soldiers Children -

Weftinorland Jx>ck Hospital, in Dublin - -

Fcvpr Hospital and House of Recovery, in Dublin -

House of lnduttry, in Dublin ......

Roman Catholic Seminary ......

Lying-in Hospital, Dublin

Sums Granted.

£. s. fl

4,393,*23 11 3i|

650,000-----

Sums Paid.

£* *• 3,429,842 6

4*9,578 9

d.

9\

u

Treasury Chambers, Ireland, 1 20th February 1805. 3

400,000 400,000

800,000 192,962 9 10J

1,700,000 1,700,000

340 340

240 240 — —

200 200

250 250

200

200 200 —

150 150

200 200

25,000 25,000

900 900

7,026 9 I0j$ 7,026 9 10$

20,410 to,410

2,000 2,000

5,000 3,237 2 2j

25,000 25,000

1,047 10 2 1,047 10 2

M°i 3 si 1,401 3 5l

740 740

1,086 1,086 — —

7,000 7,000

5,000 5>oooo

4.500 4,500 -

10,000 10,000

5,500 5,500

4,500 4,500

2,000 2,000

21,600 21,600

20,129 6 4 20,129 6 4

400 400 — —

1,000 1,000

1,211 17 i\ 1,211 17 i|

1,750 1,750

22,500 22,500

1.937 14 1,937 14 8

4,500 4,500

7,2a7 6,749 13 —

515 9 3i 5i5 9

18,399 16 1 18,399 16 1

8,000 8,000

»,315 — 6 2,315 — 6

8,185,200 18 9$ 6,450,520 8 sj

Remains.

£ *. d.

964,981 4 6 160,421 10 io| i

Appendix. (No. 40.) ii* Mart lit

tontmui.

607,037 10 1$

1,764 17 9}

477 7

1,734,68° 10 3}

G. Cavendish.

A, ACCOUNT, dating the Total Number of DOLLAR TOKENS issued by the Bank of Ireland, to the ift of March 1805, and at what Rate; and also, specifying the Amount issued in each Month, together with the Amount Outdanding on the lad

/• t a «__.L

Date. Amount Ittued in each Month. Amount Outstanding on the last Day of each Month. Total Number of Dollar Tokens issued by the Bank of Ireland, to the 1ft March lbO5, at the Rate of 6 *. per Token.

1804: . July 31ft - - - -August 31ft - - - -September 30th - - - -October 31ft - - - -November 30th - - - -December 31ft - - - £■ '■ d. 33,452 14 — 46,200 — 29,250 22,950 12,300 9,300 £■ * d. 33,452 14 — 79,652 14 — 108,00a 14 — 131,*52 14 — 144,152 14 — 153,452 14 —

1805: January 31ft - - - -February 28th - - - - 8,250 39,750 161,702 14 — 201,452 14 — 671,509-

Appendix,

(No. 41.)

zz* Martii.

Dublin, 7 14th March 1803. J

For the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

William , Acc* Gen*.

8Q2

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix, (No. 42.) 28* Martii.

Ah ACCOUNT of all Additions which have been made to the ANNUAL CHARGE of the PUBLIC DEBT,by thelntereftof

of the said Act: And also, an Estimate of the Produce of the several Duties, granted for defraying the Charge

BY VIRTUE of an Act 35 Geo. III. cap. 14. the Sum of £■ 18,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the year 1795, upon the

following Terms; Viz.

£. «. l

- \ 18,000,000-----

6,000,000-----

The Contributors were entitled, for every £.100 contributed,

To £. 100 Capital Stock, £.3 per-Centum Consolidated Annuities, amounting to ——

To £.33. 6«. 8 d. Capital Stock, £. 4 per-Centum Annuities, amounting to

And to an Annuity of 8s. 6d. for 65 J years, to which a further Annuity of is. for the fame Term was added by

Ad 35 Geo. III. cap. 128, amounting, together, to - - - - -- - - - * 85,500-

By Virtue of another Act, 35 Geo. III. cap. 32. the Proprietors of certain Navy and Victualling Bills, who delivered up the same to be cancelled, were entitled, for every £. 100 contained in such Bills, to £.108 Capital Stock, 5-per*

Centum Annuities, amounting to-----*-----* 1,609,897 17

The ANNUAL CHARGE in respect of the Annuities created by the above Acts, is as follows; Viz.

£. «. d.

In respect of the said £.18,000,000. £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.8,100. for Management - \ 548,100 —

D° - of the said £.6,000,000. £. 4 per’-Cent. Annuities, including £.2,700. for Management - - - -I 242,700-----

D° - of the above Annuity of 9s. 6d. per-Cent. for 65^ years, including £.961. 17 s. 6d, for Management - I 86,461 17 6

D0* - of the above £.1,609,897. 175. id. £.5 per-Cent. Annuities, in lieu of Navy and Victualling Bills

cancelled, including £.724. 9s. 11 d. for Management - - * - -I 81,219 6 n

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £.18,000,000. £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, pursuant to an Act 32 Geo. III. amounts annually to- - -- -- -- -I 180,000-----

D* - of the said £. 6,000,000. £.4 per-Cent. Annuities . D% - - D° - - \ 60,000-----

D° - of the future actual Value of the Annuity of gs. 6d. per-Cent. for 65^ years, at the End of 45

years - - - D° - - -I 12,835---

D* - #f the Capital Stock of £. 1,609,897. 17s. 1 d. £. 5 per-Cent Annuities D* - - - - -\ 16,09819 6

£* \ 1,227,415 Z

BY VI RTUE of an Act 36 Geo. III. cap. 12. the Sum of £.18,006,000 was borrowed for the Service of the year 1796, upon the ' following'Perms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed, - -

To £. 1 20 Capital Stuck, £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to £.21,600,000,-but which was reduced, 1 £. s. d.

by certain Perihns neglecting to complete their Payments, to - - - -- - 121,595,800-----

To £.25 Capital Stock in £. 3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, amounting to - - - - \ 4,500,000-----

And to an Annuity of 65. 6d. per-Cent. for 64^ years, amounting to - - - - \ 58,500-----

BY VIRTUE of another Act 36 Geo. III. cap. 74. the further Sum of £. 7,500,000 was borrowed for the Service of the same year, upon the following Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £.100 contributed.

To £. 120 Capital Stock in £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to £. 9,000,000, hut which was reduced by certain peiTnns neglecting to complete their Payments, to ——

To £.25 Capital Stock, £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, amounting to £. 1,875,000, but which was Teduced, by certain Pet-ions neglecting to complete their Payments, to -

And to an Annuity of 55. 6d. for 63^ years, amounting to the Sum of £.20,625, but which was reduced, by certain Persons neglecting to complete their Payments, to -And, by Virtue of another Act, 36 Geo. 111. cap. 122. the Proprietors of certain Navy, ViduaUing, and Traosport Bills, delivered up to be cancelled, were entitled for every £. 100 contained in such. Polls, to £. 105 Capital Stock, £.5 per-Cent. Annuities; and the Proprietors of certain other such Bills, likewise delivered up to be cancelled, for every £. 100 pontained therein to £. 104 Capital Stock, £. 5 per-Cent. Annuities; the Whole amounting to -

8,934,200-----

1,859,625-----

9.0,582 6

The ANNUAL CHARGE in respect of the Annuities created by the above Acts, is as follows *, Viz.

CD

CD

/"In respect of the said £.21,595,800, £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.9,718 as. 2d. f or \

Management 657

P1 - - of the said £.4,500,000, £-3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £.2,025 h>r Management - \ *37,025

I)° _ - of the above Annuity of 6s. 6 d. per-Cent. for 64^ years, including £-638. 2s. 6 d. for Management - \ 59*3$

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £.21,595.800, £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued \

Quarterly to the Conunitiioneis for reducing the National Debt, amounts Annually to - - - \ 2.15*95

D° - - of the said £*.4,500,000, £. 3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, I>° - - - * - t)° ' - - -- \ 45*°

D® - - of the b l ue Actual Value of the Annuity of 6 s. 6 d. per-Cent. for 64^ years, at the end of 45 years, \

itiued to the said Commissioners, as above - - \

Ca\xicd forward - - - £• \ btl;

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

809

.l,.t tah been mode, or Annuities Ce.^d, to the piling of , A« , C». III. cnp. ,3.; , ,,uired by ft. ,adS,aion

incurred in respect of the fame, in the year ended the 5th day of January 1805.

LbeRD b? * t**. f« ^sing th. btndU Annnl Chi*. of th.

The Produce of the Additional Duty on Wine - - ,

D® - - of - - D® - - - - Sweets -

D® - - of * - D® - - - - British Spirits

D* - - of - - D® -

D» - - of - - D* - - - - Tea

- of -

D#

- * - Coffee and Cocoa Nuts

D° - - of the Duties on Fruit, Salad Oil, &c ...... .

D° - * of the Additional Duties on the Exportation of Rock Salt and Coals

D° - - of the Additional Stamp Duty on Writs, &c.

D° - - of the Duties on Hair Powder Certificates ......

D° - of the Additional Stamp Duty on Receipts

D° - of the Stamp Duty on Sea Insurances

Caffi brought to this Account from the Revenue of the Pod-Office, pursuant to Ad 37 Geo. Ill* cap. 18.

Annum, in lieu of the Duties granted in 1791 and 1795

Deficiency of this Fund in the year ended 5th January 1805

Per Act*

35 Geo. IIL £. /. d.

| N* © 3*4,752

— D* 7,432

~ 11. 91,315

— 12. *45,793

— *3* 161,690 3 —

— D° 32*52

— 20* *36,604 5 4

— D° 13,874 12 11

—' 55* 51 >474 a 1

— 49* 62,588 19 8

— 55* —

- 63. 74*533 *6 6

- 40,000 — —

66,904. per

7,659

£• 1,150,168 19 6

.... 77,246 4 5

£• *>227,415 3 11

THE PRODUCE of the several Duties granted by the Acts under-mentioned, for defraying the Increased Annual Charge of the Public Debt, created in the year 1796; Viz.

Per Act 36 Geo. 1IL

The Produce of the Additional Duties on Tobacco and Snuff D° - - of the Duties on Horse-Dealers Licences D«

cap. 13.

— *7-

—123.

- D°

- D° 1*5.

of the Tax on Legacies, after deduding £. 41,079, carried to Consolidated Stamp Duties, prior 7

to 1793 ...... 5

D* - - of the Duties of Cudoms on Wines - ......

D° - - of the Duties of Excise on - D° - - * ——

D° - - of the Additional Duties on Sweets

D* _ _ of the Duties on Hats, after deducing £.9,479. ns. carried to Consolidated Stamp Duties

Brought to this Account from the Consolidated Duties of Customs, per Act 37 Geo. III. cap. 15. the computed Saving ° jo Public, on Account of the Reduction of the Drawback on the Exportation of Sugar, for the year ended 5th January 1805

D° - - per Act 42 Geo. III. cap. 34. and 37, in lieu of the Duties of 10 per-Cent on Assessed Taxes, per Act 36 Geo. III. repealed, at £.131.690 per Annum - ......

D° - - per Act 42 Geo. III. cap. 37. from the Duties on Horses used for Riding, in lieu of the former Duty then repealed, at £. 106,000 per Annum -

D° - - per Act 42 Geo. III. cap. 37. from the Duties on Horses used for Husbandry, in lieu of the former Duty

then repealed, at £. 95.000 per Annum ......

D. per Act 42 Geo. III. cap. 37. from the Duties on Dogs, in lieu of the former Duty then repealed, at

£, 70,000 per Ann. ......

D* - - per Act 39 Geo. III. cap. 65- out of the Duties on Salt, at £. 32,000 per Annum ......

Deficiency of this Fund in the year ended 5th January 1805 ——

Carried forward *

£• '• d.

206,108-----

4.249 >2 7 '

144,661 1 3

312,041 6 1

7,684-----

29,^85 17 n

116,676 5 8

131,690-----

106,000 — —

95.000 -

70.000 — —

32.000 -

»,255,796 3 6 594,576 19 9

1,850,373 3 3

VOL, 60*

9T

Appendix, (No. 42.) 28* Martii,

a

continued.

» J

804

k

Appendix. '

A. 1805.

Appendix,* (No. 42.) 28* Mar!ii\

continued.

Account of all Additions which have been made to the

O At

Brought forward -

In respect of the above £.8,034,200, £. 3*per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.4,020. 7$. 9\d. for

Management ----- £-27*>°46 7 9i!

IV - - of the above £. 1,859,625, £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £, 836.16s. 7d.

for Management - -- -- -- - 56,625 11 7

D° - - of the Annuity of 54. 6d. per-Cent. for 63 % years, including £.231. 11 s. for Management ----- ...... - 20,813 18 6

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £.8,934,200, £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, ilVued Quarterly to^the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, amounts Annually to - 80,342 — —

D* - •* of the said £.1,859,625, £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities - D* - D° - - - 18,596 5 —

IV - - of the future actual Value of the Annuity of 55.6d. per-Cent. for 63J years at the end

of <5 years, issued to the said Commissioners, us above ----- 2,925-----

£• <*.

1,123,193 4 8

. / In respect of the said £.4,414,074. 45.6 d. £. 5-per-Cent. Annuities, granted to the Proprietors 1 of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, delivered up to be cancelled, including£.i ,986.6s. 8d.

2 < for Management 222,690 — lo^j

£ O J One Hundredth Part of the said Capital" Stock of £. 4,414,074. 4s. 6 d. £. 5-per-Cent. Annuities

w blued Quarterly to the Conunissioners for reducing the National Debt, amounts annually to - 44,140 14 10

460,349 2 io|

266,830 15

£• D850,373 3 3

B Y V I RTU E of an Act 37 Geo. III. cap. 10. the Sum of £. 18,000,000. was borrowed for the Service of the year 1797,upon the following Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. too contributed,

To £,112. 105. Capital Stock, £. 5-per-Cent. Annaities, amounting to £.20,250,000, but which was reduced, by fundrv lYrl’ons neglecting to complete their Payments, to- ——

1

BY VIRTUE of an Act 37 Geo. III. cap. 57. the further Sum of £. 14,500,000, was borrowed for the Service of the same Year, upon the following Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed,

To £.125 Capital Stock, £, 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to - -

To £. 50. Capital Stock, £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, amounting to -To £. 20. Capital Stock, £. 4-per-Ceut. Annuities, amounting to - - ‘ -

And to an Annuity of 6 s. 6J. for Years, luhjeft ton deduction in case the further Sum of £. 3,500,000 should not

be raised for the Service of the Year 1797, and the Sum of £. 1,620,000, only, having been raised, it was reduced to 6$.

amounting to -

BY Virtue of an Act, 37 Geo. III. cap. 50. for guaranteeing a Loan of £. 1,620,000, to the F.mperor of Germany the Contributors to the fame were entitled for every £.100 contributed, to £.226. 104. Capital Stock, 3-per-Cent.

Annuities, amounting to " ——

Ml uch Annuities, upon the Failure of depofu"ing in the Hands of the Bank of England sufficient Monies to pay the fume, and a Sum equ d to One-per-Cent. on the Capital of the said Loan, are charged upon the Consolidated Fund.

And, by Virtue of an Act 37 Geo. 111. cap. 0. the Proprietors of certain Navy, Victualling, Transport, and Exchequer Bills, who delivered up the same to be catn elled, were entitled in lieu thereof to a Capital Stock in £. 3-per-Cent.

Consolidated Annuities, amounting to £. 18,440,874. 10 s. 1 d. but which was since reduced by the Navy Oil'vce withdrawing Checques to the Amount of £. 3,643. 184. and by several Alterations made by the Bunk of England, to To a Capital Stock, in £. 4-per-Cent. Annuities, amounting to -

And to a Capital Stock in £. 5-per-Cent. Annuities, amounting to- - - , -

18,125,000 -

7.250.000

2.900.000

43.500-----

3,669,300-----

THE A*N N U A L CHARGE in respect of the Annuities created by the above Acts, is as follows; Viz.

£ — 3 I In respect of the said £.20,124,843. 15 s. £. 5-per-Cent. Annuities, including £.9,056. 3s. 7 d for "Management \ 1,015,298 7 4

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £.20,124,843. 15s. £. 5-per-Cent. Annuities, issued Quarterly 0 f to the ConnmlTioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts Annually to -

CO

201,248 8 9

c

o

C

'In respect of the said £. 18,125,000. £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £. 8,156. 5s.

for Management ----- - -- -- £.551,906 5 —

D* — of the said £. 7,250,000. £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £.3/162. 10s. for

Management - -- -- -- - -220,762 10 —

D° - - of the said £. 2,900,000. £. 4,-per-Cent. Annuities, including £.1,305. for Management - 117,305 — —

D° - - of the Annuity of 6 s. per-Cent. for 62^ Years, including £.489. 75. 6 d. for Manage-’

rn^nt - - 43,989 7 6

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 18,125,000. £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, pursuant to

Act 32 Geo. III. cap. 55. amounts Annually to ----- 181,250-----

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £.7,250,000, £.3-peT-Cent. Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts Annually to - - 72,500 — —-

D° — - - of £. 2,900,000, JT. 4-per-Cont. Annuities, - D° - D° ----- 29,000-----—

D° — - - of the future actual Value of the said Annuity of 6 s. per-Cent. for 62 £ Years at the , End of 45 Years, issued as above, amounts Annually to - - 5,920-----

THE ANNUAL C II A R G la on Account of Annuities granted to the Proprietors of Navy, Yl&ualling, and Transport Bills, delivered up to be cancelled, is as follows; Viz.

1,222,633

u

r>»

C".

In respect of £. 16,438,175. 55. £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.7,397. 35.6Jd.

ior Management - -- -- -- £.300,542 8 8K\

D* - - of £.765,427. iu. 6 d. £. 4-per -Cent. Annuities, including £.344. 8 s. lod. for

Management - - - 30,961 10 10

D° - - of £.2,034,889. 11 s. 1 d. £. 5-per Cent. Annuities, including £.915. 14 s. for Nlu-

nauenitnt - -- -- -- -- \o2,66o 3

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £.16,438,175. 5$. £. 3-per-Ce*\t. Consolidated Annuities, issued (Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Ueduftum of the National

Debt, amounts Annually to I)* - - of the said £. 765,427. 11 s. 6 d. £. 4-per-Cent. Annuities - - I>* - 13* D# - - of the said £.2,o3v>^8y. 11 s. id. £. 5-per-Cent. Annuities - - I)° - 1>*

- 164,3*'t '5 —

- 7 do 7A 5 6

- 20,348 17 10

"Borne forward -

c.

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

805

Annual Charge of the Public Debt, &c.—continued.

Brought forward -

£■ *• d-

1,850,373 3 3

The PRODUCE of the several Duties granted by the Acts under-mentioned, for defraying the Increased Annual Charge of the Public Debt, created in the Year 1707; Viz.

Per A<9s 37 Geo. III.

The Produce of the Duty of Excise on Bricks D° - - - of the Duty on Cocoa Nuts -D° - - - of the Additional Duty on Tea D° - - - of D# - - British Spirits -

D° - - - of D° - - Foreign D°

D* - - - of D° - - Auctions -

Da - - - of the Duties of Customs on Sugar

D° - - - of the Additional Duties on Stage Coaches

D° - - - of the Additional Stamp Duty on Deeds, after referring £.156,605. carried to Consolidated Stamp Duties, prior to 1793 ——

The Arrears of the Additional Tax of £.20. per-Cent. on AlleHed Taxes

The Produce of the Duty on Wrought Plate - - - - ........

The Arrears of the Tax on Clocks and Watches - - - -'

The Produce of the Additional Tax of 3 d. per Pound on Pepper -

cap. 14.

— D°

— D°

— D°

— D°

— D°

— 15.

— 16.

— 19.

— 69.

— 90. —108.

— 110.

Referred out of Consolidated Letter Money, by Act 41 Geo. III. cap. 7. for One Year, at £. 198,408. per Annum, to 5th January 1805 ——

Reserved hr Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 161. out of Houses and Windows, for One Year to 5th January 1805, at £. 441,496 per Annum -

Reserved by Ad 42 Geo. III. cap. 37. out of Duties on Male Servants, at £.51,160. per Annum -

Reserved by said Act out of Duties on Dogs, at £. 570. per Annum -

Referred by laid Ad out of Duties on I lories used for Riding, at £. 76,432. per Annum - -

Reserved by said Act out of Duties on Ilorfes used for Husbandry, at £. 169,513. per Annum.

Reserved by said Act out of Duties on Four and Two-wheeled Carriages, at £. 7,425 per Annum ——

In order to shew the real Produce of the Duties imposed in 1797, should be added the Amount of thofeon Sugar, received in the Year ending 5th January 1805, which were granted in 1797, to defray the Annual Increased Charge of the Public Debt created in that Year, but are now granted Annually ——

Deficiency gf this Fund in the Year ended 5th January 1805 -

Borne forward -

£■ *■ d.

38,804-----

8,405-----

201,881 '3 9

112,887-----•

H5,788 -

65,116 — — 123,130 14 11 61,714 4 8

728,166 — 3 834 3 8i 2 4 3 — 2 6 »37,722 15 5

198,408-----

441,496-----.

51,160-----

570-----

76,431 — —

i<59,513 -

7,415-----

2,569,655 9 5i

287,784 13 51

2,857,44° 2 11

383,907 18 2

3,141,348 1 1

Appendix, (No. 42.) 28° Mar til, continued.

806

Appendix

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 42.) *8* Martii, continued.

Account of all Additions which have been made to the

8

O d,

In

Brought forward -

And, The ANNUAL CHARGE on Account of Annuities granted to the Proprietors of Exchequer Bills, delivered up to be cancelled, is as follows; Viz.

r In respect of £ 1,999,699. 4$. 4<L Capital Stock, £3-per-Cent Consolidated Annuities, including £.899. 17 s. 3<JJ. for Management - £60,890 16 9

D° - of £ 104,43a. 5*. 8d. Capital Stock, £4 per-Cent. Annuities, including

£46. 19 8. 10 \ d. for Management - - - 5

D° - of £270,202. 4$. 8 d. Capital Stock, £ 5 per-Cent. Annuities, including

£121. lir. 9 $ d. for Management - 13>^31 H —

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £ 1,991,699. 4#. 4 d. £ 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for tie Reduction of the National Debt, amounts Annually to----- 19*99

D* - of the said £ 104,43a. 5 r. 8 </. £ 4 per-Cent. Annuities - - D° - - D# - 1,044

D* - of the said £270,202. 4*. 8 d. £5 per-Cent Annuities - D° - - D* - 2,702

»9

6

10 4

— 4

BY Ad 37 Geo. III. cap. 144. £ 1,500,000 was granted for the Service of Ireland, the Interest and Charges to be provided for in such manner as the Parliament of that Kingdom shall approve; therefore the Expences on that Account, which are paid Quarterly at the Exchequer, must be deduded from the above Charges, and amount Annually to ——

£ 1. d.

3^65,728 19 nj

102490 3 0

3,368,219 2 11J

126,871 1 10 J

3,241,348 1 1

BY VIR T U E of an Act 38 Geo. III. cap. 37. following Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £ 100 contributed.

To £ 150. Capital Stock, £ 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to To £50. - - D° - - £ 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, amounting to -And to an Annuity of 4$. 1 id. for 61 j years, amounting to -

the Sum of £ 17,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the year 1798, upon the

d.

25>5°°>oooo-----

8,500,000-----

22,125-----

BY sundry Acts, explained and amended by ah Ad 39 Geo. III. Self. 2. cap. 11. Provision was made for Payment of the Annuities and Charges in respect of £8,000,000, Part of the above Loan of £ 17,000,000, ont of certain Monies therein specified; therefore, the Duties on the other Side are made chargeable only with the Annuities and Charges of the remaining £9,000,000 of the said Loan. By Ad 42 Geo. III. cap. 42. the Interest and Charges in respect of the above Sum of £ 8,000,000, are charged on the Consolidated Fund, and Provision was made in 1802 for Payment thereof.

THE ANNUAL CHARGE in respect of the Annuities created by the above Ad is as follows; Viz.

£ «• d.

In respect of £ 13,500,000 Capital Stock, £ 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £6,075. for Management -D* - - of £4,500,000 Capital Stock, £ 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £2,025. for Management -D° - - of the Annuity of 4s, 11 d. per-Cent.on the said £9,000,000, granted for 61 j years, including £248.18s. 1 Jd.

for Management ——

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £13,500,000, £ 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts Anuually to -D#- - of £4,500,oooo, £ 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, - - D° - - D°

D°- - of the future actual Value of the said Annuity of 4#. lid. per-Cent. for 6i| years, at the End of 45 years,

issued as above ——

I$r an Act 38 Geo. III. cap. 90. £.2,000,000 were granted for the Service of Ireland, the Interest and Charges to be provided for by the Parliament of that Kingdom; therefore, the Expences incurred on that Account, which are paid at the Exchequer, must be deducted from the above Charges, amounting Annually to - -

Surplus of this Fund in the year ended 5th January 1805

411,075-----

»37.025-----

*2,373 *1

*35.000 -

45,000-----

a,880-----

753.353 *8 >i

167411 19 7

585,941 18 6J 191,490 1 1

77743* >9 8J

BY VIRTUE of an AftjgGeo. III. <r»P- 7-following Terms; Viz.

the Sum of £ 3,000,000 was borrowed for the Service of the year 1799, uP°n

£ #. d.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £100 contributed.

To £ 100 Capital Stock, £ 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to -

And to £87. 9*. 6d. Capital Stock, £ 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, amounting to ——

BY VIRTUE of an Act 39 Geo. III. cap. 60. the further Sum of £15*500,000 was borrowed for the Service of the year 1799, upon the following Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £ 100 contributed.

To £ 125 Capital Stock, £ 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to -

And £ 50 Capital Stock, £ 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, amounting to ——

3,000,000-----

2,624,250-----

19.375,000

7,750,000

BY sundry Acts, explained and amended by an Act 39 Geo. III. Self. 2. cap. 11. Provision was made for Payment of the Annuities and Charges in respect of £ 11,000,000, Part of the above Loan of £15,500,000, out of certain Monies therein specified; therefore, the Duties on the other Side are made chargeable only with the Annuities and Charges in respect of the remaining £ 4,509,000 of the said Loan.

By Act 42 Geo. III. the Interest and Charges in respect of the above £.11,000,000 are charged on the Consolidated Fund, and Provision was made in 1802 for Payment thereof.

a,

THE ANNUAL CHARGE in respect of the Annuities created b*y the above Acts, is as follows; Viz.

In respect of the said £.3,000,000, £-3-per-Cent Consolidated Annuities, including £. 1,350 for Management D° - of the said £2,624,250, £. 3-per-Cent Reduced Annuities, including £.1,480. 18*. 3 d. for Management ——

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £3,000,000, £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts Annually to - '

D# * of the said £2,624,250, £ 3-per-Cent Reduced Annuities, - - D# - - D°

£ '■ *■ 9i?35°-----

79,908 8 3

30,000 -- —

26,242 10 —

Carried forward

227,500 18 3

Appendix.

807

45 Geo. III.

Annual Charge of the Public Debt, &c.—wUtmud.

Appendix, (No. 42,) 28* Martii,

continued.

1

808

Appendix.

A. 1805. I

Appendix, (Na 42.) 28* MartU, continued.

Account of all Additions which have been made to the

Si

o> «§• <3 0

Brought forward -

«• d-

'To respect of £.5,625,900, £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.2,531. 5s- for

Management - 171,281 5 —

D° -- of £. 2,250,000, £.3 per-Cent Reduced Annuities, including £. 1,01a. 10*. for

Management ...... 68,51a 10 —

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £.5,625,000, £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, itVued Quarterly to the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt, amounts Annually to - - - x - - 56,250-----

D® - of the said £.2,250,000, £.3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities - D° - D° - - 22,500-----

BY an Act 39 Geo. III. cap. 114, £.3,000,000 were granted for the Service of Ireland, the Interest and Charges to be provided for by the Parliament of that Kingdom; therefore, the Expences on that Account, which are paid at the Exchequer, must be dedutied from the above Charges, amounting Annually to- - - . '

£. 1. d.

227,500 18 3

318,543 15 —

546,044 13 3 212,36a 10 —

333,682 3 3

BY VIRT U E of an Act 39 and 40 Geo. III. cap. 22. the Sum of £. 20,500,000. was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1800, upon the following Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed,

To £.11# Capital Stock, £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to -And to £.47 Capital Stock, £.3 per-Cept. Reduced Annuities, amounting to -

£• 4

*2,550,00 0-----

9,635,000-----

BY the above Ad, Provision was made for Payment of the Annuities and Charges in respect of £.13,500,000. Part of the above Loan of £.20,500,000, out of certain Monies therein specified; therefore the Duties on the other Side, are made chargeable only with the Annuities and Charge* in respect of the remaining £.7,000,000. of the said Loan.

By Ad 42 Geo. III. cap. 42. the Interest and Charges in respect of the above £. 13,500,000 are charged on the Consolidated Fund, and Provision was made in 1802 for Payment thereof.

THE ANNUAL CHARGE in respect of the Annuities created by the above Ad, is as follows; Viz.

In respect of £.7,700,000 Capital Stock, £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.3,465 for Management

D° - - of £.3,290,000, £.3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £. 1,480. 10*. for Management -

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £.7,700,000, £• 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts Annually to -

D# - - of the said £.3.290,000, £.3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities D° - D°

BY an Act 39 and 40 Geo. III. cap. 109. £.2,000,000. were granted for the Service of Ireland, the Interest and Charges to be provided for by the Parliament of that Kingdom; therefore, the Expences on that Account, which are paid at the Exchequer, must be deduded from the above Charges, amounting Annually to

Surplus of this Fund in the Year ended 5th January 1805 -

£. «• d.

234*465-----

100,180 10 —

77,000 — 32,900 —

444*54-5 10 —

127,013 — — ,

317.53* 10 —

343.196 11 10

660,729 1 10

BY VIRTUE of an Act 41 Geo. III. cap. 3. the Sum of £. 28,000,000. was borrowed for the Service of the Year 1801, upon the following Terms; Viz.

z. d.

The Contributor* were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed.

To £. 125 Capital Stock, £. 3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to -And to £.50. 15s. - - £.3 per-Cent Reduced Annuities, amounting to

35,000,000 —

14,210,000 ——

THE ANNUAL CHARGE, in respect of the Annuities created by the above Act, is as follows; Viz.

111 respect of £.35,000,000, £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £. 15,750 for Management - £. d. 1,065,750

D* - - of £.14,210,000, £.3 per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £.6,394 for Management - 43*,6?4 10 —

One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £.35,000,000. £.3 per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts Annually to - 350,000

D° - - of the said £. 14,210,000, £. 3 per-Cent. - D° - D° 142,100 —- —

£• 1,990,544 10 "

BY Ad 41 Geo. III. cap. 3. the Sum of £.2,500,oooo was granted for the Service of Ireland, the Interest and Charges whereof to be provided lor by the Parliament of that Kingdom; therefore, the Expence* incurred on that Account, which are paid at the Exchequer, must be deducted from the above Charges, amounting Annually to 177,7*7 3 9

£ 1,812,817 6 3

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

809

Annual Charge of the Public Debt, &c.—continued.

Brought forward -

£■ *■ d.

333|68a 3 3

333.8a 3 3

THE PRODUCE of the several Duties granted by the under-n.entioned AOs, for defraying the Increased Annual Charge of the Public Debt, created in the Year 1800; Via.

Per Act 40 Geo. Ilf.

British Spirits -Foreign D°

Tea - -

Spirit Licence* -

cap. 23.

— 23.

— 23.

£. 660,729 1 10

Till: P n ODUC E of the several Duties granted by the under-mentioned Acts, for defraying the Increased Annual Charge of the Public Debt, created in the Year 1801; Via.

Per Acts ______ £• *- fi-

Surplus Consolidated Letter Money, after reserving the Sums directed per Ad 41 Geo. Ill Paper (Cutioins) -•

Tea ......

Stamps ......

Timber - ......

Surplus of Paper (Excite) per Act 42 Geo. III. cap. 94.

Per Acts 41 Geo. ill.

- cap. 7.

- — 8.

D° -

- —10.

- —28.

Reftrved out of Consolidated Duties ou Horses for Rid.ng, he. by Act +2 Geo. III. cap. 37, at £.130,000 per Annum -I)« - - on Ilulbandry Iloifes, D» - D" - at £. 160,000 per Annum ......

Deficiency of this Fund in the Year ended 5th January 1805

265,036-----

805 13 7 201,881 3 9

544,896 9 8

356.173 15 >1

113.379 -

130,000 -

160,000 -

1,772,172 2 11

40,645 3 4

1.812,817 6 3 =-----——T ' T J

Appendix, (No. 42.) 28" Mart iit continued.

D ized by

Appendix,

(No. 42.) 28* Martii, continued.

810

Appendix. 1805,

Account of all Additions which bav« been m ule to tj*

BY V 1 RTU E of an Act 42 Geo. III. cap. 8. the Proprietors of certain Exchequer Bills, who delivered up the same to be cancelled, amounting to £.5,940.300, and who subscribed £.5° per-Cent. thereon* in Money, amounting to £.2,970,150, wert entitled, for each £, ioor

To £.25. Capital Stock, £. 5-per-Cent. Annuities, to be added to those granted in 1797* amounting to £.50 - JD* - - £. 4-per-Cent. Annuities - - - Du ——

£. J5 - D° - - £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities - D°

£.25 - D° - - £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities - - D* -

And to an Annuity of is. gd. per-Cent. for 58,} years- - - L)°, ......

BY VIRTUE of an Act 42 Geo. HI. cap. 33. the Sum of £.25,000,090. was borrowed lor the Service of the ytar 1802, upon the following Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £.100 contributed,

To £.65 Capital Stock, £. 3-per-Cent, Consolidated Annuities, amounting to

£.60 - i)° - £*3-ptr-Cent. Reduced Annuities - - D3 - - - ~ ~ ~c

And to £.6. 19s. *\d. £. 3-per-Ctnt. Deferred Annuities (the kite re It whereof is to commence from the 5 th day of January 1808) amounting to’

£ «• 1

2,227^)15 10 _ 4-’455*225-----

2,2*27,612 10 — 2,227,*) 12 10 — 7>7‘j6 12 10.I j

16,250,000

15,000,000

1,740,625-----

BY VIRTUE of another Act 42 Geo. III. cap. 42. the Duties on Income were repealed, and the several Annuities, &c. specihcally charged thereon, were made a Charge upon the Consolidated Lund; Viz.

The Contributors to £.17,000,000. borrowed per Act 38 Geo. IIL cap. 37. for the Service of the year 1798, were entitled in respect of £.8,000,000. thereof, charged upon the Duties on Income, for every £. 100. contributed, To £. 150 Capital Stock* £. 3-per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to - w '

To £.50 - - D° - £. 3-per-Cent-Reduced Annuities - - - D° - -•

And to an Annuity of 4s. 11 d. for 61 £ years - - D* - ■* * -

T 2,000.000 — —

4,000,000 — 19,660 13 4

The Contributors to £. 15,500,000. borrowed per Ad 39 Geo. III. cap. 60. for the Service of the year 1799, were entitled in respect of £. 11,000,000, thereof, charged upon the Duties on Income, for every £. 100.contributed, To £. 125 Capital Stock, £. 3-per-Cense. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to -And to £. 50 - D° J £• 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities - - - D° -

»3»75<V*>° 5,550,000

The Contributors to £ 20,500,000. borrowed per Ad 39 and 40 Geo. III. cap. 22. for the Service of the year 1800* were entitled in respect of £. 13,500,000. thereof charged upon the Duties on Income, lor every £. 100 contributed*

To £. no Capital Stock, £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to

And to £47 — D° - - £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities - - - D* ——

14,850,000

6,345?°°° '

o

a>

o

e*

The ANNUAL CHARGE in respect of the Annuities created by the aforesaid Acts, is as follows; Viz. r\n respect of the said £. 2,227,612. io$. £.5 per-Cent. Annuities, including £. 1,002. 8 s. 6d. for Management

- D* of the said £• 4,455,225.- £. 4-per-Cent. Annuities, including £. 2,004. 17*. for Management -

- I> of the said'£. 2,227,6r-2. 10s. £, 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £. 1,002. 8 s. 6d. for

Management - - - - •* - -

- D0' of the said £.2*227,612. ro s. £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £.1,002. 8 s. 6d. for

Management -- --- - •* -

- D° of the said Annuity of is. gd. per-Cent. for 58J years, including £.87. 14s. 2%d. for Management One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £. 2,227,612. 105. £. 5-per-Cent. Annuities, issued Quarterly

to the Commissioners for the Redudiou of the National Debt, amounts Annually to -

- D° of the said £. 4,455,2*25. £. 4-per-Cent. Annuities - -- -- D°

- D9 of the said £. *2,2*27,61,2. 10s. £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities - D° -

- D* of the said £. 2,227,612. 10 s. £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities -

- D* of the future Actual Value of the Annuity of is. gd. per-Cent. for 58^ years, at the end of 45

* years - - D3 -

112,383 1-.180,213 17 -

67.830 16 —

67.830 16 —

7>*«4 7 i;j

22.276 2 6 44.552 5 -

22.276 2 6

22.276 2 6

842--

<3 ~ 2

J, . CO

*£ o

<r sJ:

flL

* c«

In respect of £. 16,250,000. £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.7,312. 10s.

for Management -

- D° of £. 15,000,^00. £.3-per-Cent.- Reduced Annuities, including £.6,750 for

Management

D° of £. 1,740,6 25. £. 3-per-Cent. Deferred’Annuities, the IntereR whereof does not commence till 5th January 1808, £.52,218. 15$. -

Management of the above Snm -

£ *• d.

494,812 10 —

456,750-----)>

783 5 7

54*,365 9 ll I

952,34315 :l

_• | In respect of £.12,000,000. £.3-per-Cent.Consolidiited Annuities, including ,£.5,400.

er ;J for Management ——

< g - D° of £.4,000,000. £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £.1,8oo. for

t - ~r\ Management -

I - D° of the said Annuity of 4s. lid. per-Cent. for 6rJ years including £.221. 5s. for Management -

£■ s. d.

365400-----

121,800-----,

19,887 4,

507,087 iS 4

_l /'Ll respect of £. 15,750,000. £.3-per-Cont. Consoliduted Annuities, including £.6,187. 10i-

o 1 lor Management ——

o 0 /

? j - D® of £ 5,500,000. £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £2,475 for

0 f M.magcment -

f In respect of £. 14,850,000. £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £.6,6^2. 105. ^61 for Management

rtj

j:

t-.1 5* i I)6 of £• 6,345/>oo. £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including / 2 8=:

for Management ...... p \ 5_5’ 5 J

£. s. d. 418,6S7 10 —

lC7-475 -

5S6,iff2 10 —

£ s. d.

452,182 10 —

•93,205 5 —

<5i5-3s7 >5 -

r>Y Act 42 Cm. III. c.-.p. 33. £.2,000,000. Part of £. 25.000,000, were for the Serv-;,-* ,f i,i ,j ,w' Intcrett and Charges to be provided for by tl.at Part of ttfe L.nted Kingdom; therefore the Expences incurred

oni the above Charges, amounting

on that Account, which arc paid at the Exclieqner, mult ha deducted ii Annually to

Surplus of thi» Fund in the year ended 5th January 1805

C

3,239,349 s

76,187 13 3

3.163,161 15 si 1,618,963 13 I

4,782,125 9

A

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

811

Annual Charge of the Public Debt, kc.—continued.

Irish Spirits * a * * a 11 * to a - to 4 Cap. ^8. 8,981 — —

— D° 213,68 j — —

Goods and Shipping - ~ 43* *,t» 7.5^5 30 i

Surplus Consolidated Duties on Beer* after reserving as directed by Act 4a Geo. III. - w to . — 38' 532,142 — —

D° - - . P j. Malt, D* - - - * — D° 1,207,021 — —

Reserved out of Consolidated Duties on Houses and 'Windows, D° by Act 43 Geo. III. to to * — 161. 490,000 — —1

Surplus Consolidated Duties on Inhabited Houses * *• D' by Act 42 Geo. III. * A «• to — 34® 306,014 6 6

D® - m Male Servants > * D® - * m to to to . — 37® 182,9S3 3 4l

D® Dogs A a I)» •> to _to to — D* 44-793 9

I)® * - k 1 Horses for Riding * D® - - to - — I)0 94.942 t 1 oi

D® - - Husbandry Ilorfes * D® . to ¥ — D1 90.351 2

D® - •. to Pour and Two-wheeled Carriages * D" - - to 4 — D° 54.45413 9i

• 4>342>93° 6

THE P ll OD UC E of the several Duties granted by the under‘mentioned Acts, for defraying the I: idea fed Annual Charge of the Public Debt created in the year 1802; Xih

TVrAa* I

4‘.» Uoo. 111. 1

Brought to this Account from the Duties on Malt, per Act 42 Geo. Ill, tap. 38. being the computed Annual Saving to the Public, on Account of the Repeal of the Allowances granted to Brewers and others out of the said Duty

■Appendix, {No. 42.)

28’ Ma

continued.

Vol. 60.

9X

Appendix, (No. 42.) 18* Martii,

continued.

812

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Account of all Additions which have been made to the

BY VIRTUE of an Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 67. the Sum of £. 12,000,000 waa borrowed for the Service of the year 1803, upon

the following Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. loo contributed, £•

To £. 80 Capital Stock, £. 3-pfer-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting 9,600,000

To £.80 - D° - £. 3-per-Cent Reduced Annuities - * - D° - - " * 9,600,000-----

And, to an Annuity of 6s. 5 d. foV 56 years And 9 Months - - - D® - * * 38>5°° —

tHE ANNUAL CHARGE in respect of the Annuities created by the abdve Ad, is as follows; Via,

In respect of £. 9,600,000, £. 3-per-Cdht. Cftnfolidated Annuities, including £. 4,320 for Management * * x

D° - of £.9,600,000, £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £.4,3*20 for Management ——

D# - of the Annuity of 6*. 5<f. per-Centuift on the said £.12,000,000, granted-for 56J years, including £.433. 2*. 6d. for Management - -

One Hundredth Part of the said Capitol Stofck of £. 9,600,000, £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Anhuites, issued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts Annually to - -

D# - of /. 9,600,000, £. 3-per-Cfent. Reduced Annuities - * - D° - - -'*'*• -

D* - of the future actual Value of the said Annuity of 6 s. 5 d. per-Cent. for 561 years, at the end of 45 years, issued as above *’- -*- * - h. x x

BY the Ad 43 Geo. III. cap. 67. the Stlm of £. 2,600,000, Part of £. 12,600,000, was granted for the Service of Ireland, the Interest and Charges to be provided for by that Part of the United Kingdom; therefore, the Expences incurred on fhat Account, which dte paifl at the Exchequer, must be deduded from the above" Charges, amounting Annually to -

£. d.

992.320 -

292.320 -

38,933 2 6

96,000 -

96,000 -

3,765 5 7

819,335 ® 1

136,556 8 —

682,782 — 1

BY VI RT U E of an Act 44 Geo. III. cap. 47. the Sum of £. 14,500,000 was borrowed fot the Service of the year 1804, upon the following Terms; Viz.

The Contributors were entitled, for every £. 100 contributed, To £. 82. £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, amounting to

To £. 100. £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities - Dp -

£. 4. i.

11.890.000 -

14.500.000 — —

THE ANNUAL CHARGE in respect of the Annuities created by the above Ad, is as follows; Viz.

£. s. d.

In respect of £. 11,890,000, £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, including £. 5,350. 10*. for Management ■* 362,050 10 —

D° - of £. 14,500,000, £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities, including £.6,525 for Management -One Hundredth Part of the said Capital Stock of £.11,890,000, £. 3-per-Cent. Consolidated Annuities, UTued Quarterly to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, amounts Annually to -D* - of £. 14,500,000, £. 3-per-Cent. Reduced Annuities - - - - D*

BY the above Ad, £. 4,500,000, Part of the Sum of £. 14,500,000, was for the Service of Ireland, the Interest and Charges to be provided for by that Part of the United Kingdom; therefore, the Expences incurred on that Account, Which are paid at the Exchequer, must be deduded from the above Charges, amounting Annually to -

441*525-----

118,900-----

H5*o«o-----

1*067475 10 —

331*285 10 — 736,190-----

AMOUNT of the Annual Charge of the PUBLIC DEBT Created in the-

the fame, in the year ended

Years. I Charge. Produce.

1795 .... 1 1,227,415 3 11 1,150,168 19 6

1796 .... >,850,373 3 3 1,255,796 3 6

1797 - 3,241,3+8 1 1 2,857,440 2 n

1798 .... 585,941 18 6J 777>43» >9 8*

1799 .... 333,682 3 3 107,528 4 10

1800 - - - 3 >7,532 10 — 660,729 1 to

1801 - 1,812,817 6 3 1,772,172 2 x>

1802 - - * 3,163,161 15' 3J 4,782,1*5 9 2$

1803 - 682,78* — 1 310,272 9 3

1804 • 736,190 442/164 15 3

£■ >3,951,244 84J >4*> 15,929 8 n

SURPLUS on the Whole of the Duties in the year ended 5th Jan. 1805 -

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,) 28th March 1805. f

45 Geo. III.

Appendix-*

81S

Annual Charge of *he Public Debt, &c

Appendix

(No. 42-)

THE PRODUCE of the several Duties granted by the under-mentioned Acts, for defraying the Increased Annual Charge of,

-continued.

THE PRODUCE of the several Duties granted by the under-mentioned Acts, for defraying the Increased Annual Charge of the Public Debt created 14 the year 1804; Vis.

Surplus Stamp Duties, commencing at 10th October 1804 - * & •

Deficiency of this Fund in the year ended 5th January 1805

years under-mentioned, and the Produce of the several Duties granted for defraying 5th January 1805.

Surplus. Deficiency.

£• *• d. £■ * d.

• - 77,246 4 5

-a 594^76 19 9

* * * - * 383,907 18 2

* ' 191,490 1 a —

- - . - 226,153 18 5

• m 343,196 11 10 —

dfc - 40,645 3 4

f* «a 1,618,963 13 10J —

- - 372,509 10 10

• m - 293,925 4 9

2,153.650 6 10$ 1,988,964 19 8

1,988,964 19 8

• £• 164,685 7 a

TV, Hu/kijff

C.oogIe

814

Appendix'.

A A

80*

Appendix,

(No.*43.) > 29* Martn.

*----- 1 imj

UEPORT from the COMMITTEE to whom the Petition of McAts-Chalmers and CowiEjOf London, Merchants, was re ferret) —

(Swedish Herrings.)

THE Coittrtkittee to whom the Petition of Mefirs. Chalmers and Cowie, was referred;—Havtf, pursuant to the Order of the 1 louse, examined the matter of the said Petition :—To prove the Allegations whereof;

John Mackf.x zif* Esq. a merchant in London, being examine* said, He had great experience in the British I lerringTilhery; and had been applied to in November 1800 by Mr. Wilberforce, a Member of the House, and also a Member of the Committee then fitting, " To con-u fider- of the high price of Provisions; rfhd to;whomrfb mU£ h of His Majesty’s most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of u Parliament, as related thereto, and also the several Petitions pre-" fented to the House, complaining of the high price of Provisions, u were referred/'

The ^itness said-, That the application made to him by Mr. Wilberforce, was, for information respecting the (late of the British Herring Fishery in the North of Scotland, the supply of Herrings being at that time an object much desired on the part of the Public, in consequence of the Herring Fishery on the north-west coast of Scotland having totally failed that season, and the supply was rendered peculiarly deferable in consequence of the then scarcity of Corn, and the very high price of all kindo of Provisions.

The Witness saidx He gave the befl inforrtiafion in his power to Mr. Wilberforce, and suggested an opinio^ that a large supply of Herrings could be obtained frop\ Sweden; and he at the same time stated to Mr. Wilberforce, schait, in his opinion, Mefirs. Chalmers and Cowie (the Petitioners) were the moll fit persons to effect that object; and he' was thereupon requested to apply to MeflTrs. Chalmers and Cowie for information on the subject

The Witness stated, That he applied to Mefirs* Chalmers and Cowie accordingly, and found them ready to furnish the information required ©ftbem. And he afterwards applied to them to fumifti the fame information in writing, together with a plan of the means by which a large importation of Swedish Herrings might be obtained; which they did, and the plan was submitted to Mr. Wilberforce; and the Witness tirtderstood, by a Letter from Mr. Wilberforce, that it was afterwards delivered to Mr. Pitt.

The Witness said, He never understood Mefirs. Chalmers and Cowie had ever imported a barrel of Herrings for the supply of the West India market, or elsewhere; and he was induced to mention their names, and to apply to them, because he knew they were Swedish merchants, and had extensive commercial connexion at Gothenburgh*

The Witness said, That, in consequence of the plan so delivered, he Was requested by Mr. Wilberforce to wait upon and confer with Mr. Pitt upon the subjeift; and that he applied to Mefirs. Chalmers and Cowie to accompany him inXuch conference; and they accordingly went with him to the Provision Committee, in the expectation of seeing Mr. Pitt, or some Member of the Executive Government; but Mr. Wilberforce came from the Committee, and informed them, that Mr. Pitt was particularly engaged, but that he (Mr* Wilberforce) hoped the business would be accomplished; and Mr. Wilberforce then took minutes, in writing, of further information he received from Mefirs. Chalmers and Cowie.

The Witness stated, That the inducements held out to Mefirs. Chalmers and Cowie to engage in the importation of Swedish Herrings were, that such importation would be a public benefit; and that Government would facilitate the business, by granting an immediate Act of Parliament for the free importation of Swedish Herrings. These inducements, he understood, were held out by Mr. Wilberforce.

The Witness further said, That the advanced season of the year, and the probability of the frost setting in on the coast of Sweden before the Herrings could be obtained, were difficulties that flood in the way of *ny person engaging in the then proposed importation.

He said. That he saw the calculations of Mefirs. Chalmers and Cowie, of the probable cost of the Herrings, and at the price at which they were proposed to be sold, which left only a fair mercantile profit upon such a capital as would be necessary to be employed; and that, from the whole of the Witness’s observation on the conduct of Mefirs. Chalmers and Cowie, while the subject was under consideration, he believed their object was very patriotic, in contributing to the relief of the Poor, and at the same time not to neglect their own interest as merchants; and that, if they had not interfered in the importation, it could not have been accomplished that season.

The Witness further said. That the price of British Herrings in the London market, at the beginning of 1801, was from 35 to 405*. per barrel, and he believed the Swedish Herrings would have fold for nearly the fame price.

William Wilberforce, Esq. a Member of the House, informed the Committee, That in the month of November 1800, he applied to Mr. Mackenzie for information upon the subject of the Scotch Herring

Fishery* and that he.afterwards received from Mr. Mackenzie the information required, and also information furnished by Mefirs. Cludinerg and Cowie, of the means of obtaining a large1 supply of Herrings from Sweden; that he received such information both in writing and verbally.

j\Ir. Wilberforce informed the Committee, Tha£;h|B could not pofo

tively recollect what became of the information he received in writing, hut he had no doubt of his having communicated to some Gentlemen in office the information he had received.

Mr: Wilberforce further informed the Committee, That these transactions having puffed several years ago, having taken no notes of them, and not having been aware that it would ever be necessary to give any account of them afterwards, he was not so careful as he otherwise should have been to fix them in his memory; but having had his memory refrellied by the perusal of a letter written by himself to Mr. Mackenzie at the time, he had no doubt of his having intimated to him that Mr. Pittwished to fee some of the Swedish Merchants on the subject; and Mr. Wilberforce further stated, that he was authorized by Mr. Pitt to say he would be happy to fee them.

31 r. Wilberforce further informed the Committee, That he had no doubt of his having repeatedly conferred with Mefirs. Chalmers and Cowie on the subject in qudiion: And being requested to inform the Committee whether, in the communications he had with Mefirs. Chalmers and Cowie, he confide] ed himself as acting with the concurrence of the Provision Committee; he answered, That lie was only a single individual on the Provision Committee, and from the nature of the ettfe- it was inpo&blcL for him say-feppose himself m-any way empowered by the Committee, but he could have no doubt of the Committee’s having felt the fame desire as himself to promote every measur by which the supply of Provisions could be increased during that period of scarcity; and lie stated, as a confirmation of his persuasion that the Provision Committee in general felt in common as he did, thd the‘Bill f<Jr allowing the importation of Swedish Herrings, which Bill, he said, he believed was recommended by the Provision Committee, and afterwards puffed by the House, and was not opposed, but ou the contrary, supported by every Member of the Committee.

Mr. Wilberforce further informed the Committee, That he could not doubt of the Clovernment having been desirous of seeing the scarcity alleviated, and that they proved their dispofitiou to support the plan by giving their support to the Bill in its progress through Parliament; that he believed the Bill was brought in by a Member of Government.

The Right honourable George Rose, also a Member of the House, informed the Committee, That the Bill for allowing the importation of Swedish Herrings was directed to be brought in by himself, Mr. Long, and Mr. Bragge; and to the befl of his recoilection, it was the anxious wish of Government that the Bill should be effectual for the attainment of its object.

Robert Mii.ligax, Esq. a West India merchant, was next examined, and said, That he perfectly recollected Salted Herrings weie both very scarce and dear in the month of November 1800, occasioned by the dearth of Provisions, and the short fishery; that salted fish if certainly a material and important article of supply for the use of the negroes in the West Indies, and at the period referred to, considerable apprehensions were entertained by the West India merchants that the necessary supply of British Salted Herrings would not be obtained, and in consequence of that apprehension the West India merchants at that time presented a Memorial to the Lords of the Treasury, requesting to be permitted to import Swedish Herrings upon the fume terms as imported into Ireland.

The Witness further stated, That in the expect ition that pertniffioi* would be given to import Swedish Herrings, lie applied to Mefirs* Chalmers and Cowie, making a proposition to take 4 or 5,000 baneb, provided they would engage to supply them within two months,- and at 305. per barrel, but they declined binding themselves either as to time or price.

He iurther stated, That he found it a Very difficult matter to procure the quantity he wanted, and was obliged lo pure hale 1.000 barrels in London, in March 1801, at the price 01*455. per barrel on boi-rtl; and had Mefirs. Chalmers and Cowie's Herrins? arrived early in the year 1801, he thought they might have fold the whole quantity at from 25 to 30s. per barrel.

Robert Cowie, Esq. being examined, said, That about the 20II1 of November 1800, he was fi 1 It applied to by Mr. Mackenzie to lur-nish information on the subject of the Swedish Herring Fishery, who stated, that his inquiries were in consequence of tli© request of some’ Members of the Provision Committee of the Honourable House of Commons; that the Witness and his partner Mr. Ch&hners were

reqieuctf

Appendix

815

45 Geo. III.

Report on the Petition of Meftrs. Cluilmers and Cowie. (Swedi/h Herrings.)—continued.

mjmfted to commit all the necessary particulars of the Swedish Herrin*' Filin rv to writing, and to point out when, and hv what means, a large quant itv might he imported from Sweden, foi the information of the Provision Committee; that he prepared such a plan, and de-Iiveied it to Mr. \Iiirkenzie, who transniitted it in a letter to Mr. Wilberforcr to he laid before the Provision Committee; and Mr. VVilberforce in his reply Hated, that he had delivered it to Mr. Role, one of the Members of that Committee.

The Witness further stated, That by Mr. Wilberforce's reply to Mr. Mackenzie's letter, they (Meftrs. Chalmers and Cowie) were requested to come up without delay, and ronverle with Mr. Pitt, who had authorized Mr. M ilherforce to lay that he Humid he clad to fee Mr. Mackenzie and the Swedish merchants on the subject, and also to conter with the Committee.

The Witness further Hated, That he and Mr. Chalmers went up with Mr. Mackenzie the next d :v to confer with Mr. Pitt, but as lie could not be fern, Mr. Wilberforce came out from the Committee, and converted with the n a long time on the subject; that Mr. WilhcrGrce made very full and pointed inquiries, and took down the fuhftanre of all their (MefTr*. Cmdmers and CmvieV) replies and observations in writing, for tb" purpose of carrying them into the ('0111-imttee, which lie did; and as the information given was material to t;:e object which Government had in view, in procuring a huge importation of Swedish Herrings, the Wit nets had the most undoubted reafoas to know and btlievc it was so communic*.ti d. 'I lie reaions he eave for Inch knowledge and belief were, tirO, that his information was acted upon nnmedian !v after it heal been dilcua* d in the Committee, by 11 is Majesty’s Mimfters bringing in a Ril! for the express pm pose; \>dl\. that it appeared by reference, to the Minute Rook of the Provision Committee, N" 3. that on the zHlh of November the subject was under their immediate confuWation, and pet (bus were then examined as to the edi cts likely to lie produced on the Home Fisheries by the tree importations of Swedish Herrings being allowed. Various other subsequent proceedings were had determined by the Provision Committee on the subject oi Herrings; and on the 8th of December, the Provision Committee proceeded to a final difcuHjon on the subject of Herrings, and on the next day, (the 91b) Meftrs. Chulnieis and Cowie were acquainted with the intention of Government to bring in a Rill for the importation ol SwcJiih Herrings, and on the 1 2th, the Reiblution was agreed to by a Committee of the whole 1 Ionic.

u That it would be expedient to allow the importation of Swedish " Herrings Duty free."

Mr. Cowie further stated, That Mr. Milligan in his own name, and th it of Mr. George Ilibbert, both emiment Jamaica merchants, applied to Meftrs. Chalmers and Cowie very frequently on the subject, and that they underfrood those Gentlemen always to convey the general sense of the West India Committee of Merchants and Planters, and that they tMctfrs. Chalmers and Cow.e) from conferences with the Members of the Provision Committee and of the West India merchants, were I'd loconlider the importation o{ Swedish Herrings of great and in gent importance; th.it M* ftrz. Milligan i r.d George Ihbbert did not apply on behalf of the West India inn chants at large, hut that he knew, from former experience, that the importation of Swedish Herrings to the port of London was adehrahlo object to the AVeft India men chants.

Mr. Cowie further said, That Meftrs. Chalmers and Cowie were ■ever at all connected in the importation of Swedish Herrings before the inlfance in question, but were for many years much in conefpon-dence with the principal /liippers of the article, who were merchants at Gothenburgh; and that they (MefiVs. Chalmers and Cowie) were induced to engage in this importation from the extreme diiirels of the Country, and the desire expressed by Government, and by level ill Members of the Provision Committee, to obtain an importation; also the urgent Iblicitations of the West India merchants, and a fair expectation of reafunuble advantage, in the employment of their capital.

Mr. Cowie further stated, That mi the 9th of December he. received assurances, as before stated, that Government had determined to bring in a Rill to allow the free importation of Swedish Herrings; Mr. Role and Mr. Wilberforce both furnillu d him with that information; and that Meftrs. Chalmers and Cowie, in consequence of such information, and in confidence of the aliurance received, immediately dispatched a cutter to Gothenburgh with orders to make inch purehalbs, and continued their advices by the mails to that etleft.

That the Witness considered it important to order the purchases Tvithwut waiting the passing of the Act, as every thing depended on feufon; and no time was to be loft after it was ascertained that Government felt the importance of the measure, and would enable them to act; that the news of the Act of Parliament reaching Sweden would greatly tend to enhance the prices, if all between this country and Sweden had continued peaceable.

The Act of the 41ft of His Majesty, cap. 18. which passed on the 31ft December 1800, allowing the importation of Swedish Herrings duty free, was read.

Mr. Cowie was then further examined; and said, That it was rt-

pcatodly exprftVed determined by Mr. Rose and Mr. Wilberforre (Members of the Provision Committee) before the passing of the Act, that no time should be loft in making arrangements to supply the market: He further stated, that when the cutter armed in Sweden, towards the end of December 1800, the Fiftiing was just began, and rather l’canty appearances of lifti, which prevented Meftrs# Chalmers and Cowie’s friends from making pm chafes, as the prices were high; but when their fub-sequent advices by the mads readied them, all dated in December, Hating that vefti Is were agreed with, and orders given to dispatch others to load, they began to execute their orders, mid advised they had been complied with under date of the 171I1 January 1801.

That Meftrs. Chalmers and Cowie fecuied from 19 to 20.000 barrels of fi111, and they agreed with various Swedish captains of veftch to run over and load the Herrings; and had given oiders to charter and fend British vessels from Leith.

Air. Cowie further stated, That the Embargo; which took place on the 14th of January 1801, created an alarming sensation, and put an inltunt and total stop to (Meftrs. Chalmers and CovvieV) operations, of which e.vent they were so utterly ignorant and so unprepared, that only on the day previous they had written in the fulled confidence to their correspondents at Gothenburgh to go on with all possible expedition. That, in consequence of this embargo, they wrote on the next following post, that this terrifying measur lead blasted alLhopes of the importation, and was big with danger to all property *. but too soon finding they were actually committed to the value and extent mentioned, they by Memorial to His Majesty in Council, applied for Licence* and Protections to the Swedish /hips they had engaged in England, and for those advised to be ready and loading at Gothenburgh. That there was no permission granted by the British Government to enable them to import the Herrings. 'I he protecting Licences were refilled lor the Hups engaged here; but pronnfed, though never actually granted, for those at Gothenburgh: from February until the 7th of March they were endeavouring to procure those Licences, when they were informed from the Council Office, that a general order would appear in the Gazette, permitting all Ruftian, Swedish, and Daniili /hips to import Provisions and Naval Stores, and guaranteeing Pals-poits to them on their return; but this order never did appear. Hence they (Meftrs. Chalmers and Cowie) 1110ft unguardedly Hated against thcrnselves in their Petition, that Licences were granted; whereas in point of fast, no Licences vvcie ever granted; that they (Meftrs. Chalmers and Cowie) in conleqiinice, were forced to submit to the great expence of American ships to import a great part of the Herrings cleared out for American ports. That Mr. Cowie was informed by Mr. Enos Smith, a junior clerk in the Council OHice, that the general order of Council was to appear in the Gazette, which information was communicated to him by letter. The order not appearing in the Gazette, be inquired the reason of the delay, but does not recoiled the reason assigned. The feufon fordifpoling of the Herrings, however, expiring so salt, he despaired of receiving the Licences in time to be of any use.

Mr. Cowie stated to the Committed the names and dates of the arrivals, and the quantities imported by each of the American ships engaged to clear out from Sweden, as if for American ports, as follows:

Recapitulatory Account of American Ships, chartered during the Embargo.

Time of Arrival.

2,206 Barrels in the Retfey, Denfon - - - 4th of May 1801.

1 1 0 q - Hannah, Gale - - - oth D* - 1801.

1,100 D° - - - Hazon, Allen - - - 3d June - 1801.

1,600 1)° - - - Atlantic, Thoinpfon - lft July i3oi.

2, Soo D° - - - Hindostan, M eyriek - 24th D° - 1801.

2,000 D* - - - Daphne, Cul/iing - 27th July - 1801.

10,106 Total quantity by American ships.

Mr. Cowie further said, That those arrivals were not in time for the supply of the Poor in this Country. He cuiilulted with Mr. Colquhoun, and made him a tender of them,1 but Mr. Colquhoun replied, that the Committee by whom the supplics of Herrings for the Metropolis had been and were conducted, had a large quantity of Scotch Herrings on hand; and shortly afterwards that Committee dillolved, as no purchases were found any longer nerefthry.

That at the time the Herrings arrived, the West India licet had all failed, except a few ships that were just then leaving the river, when the Eetlev, the lirft of Meftrs. Chalmers, and Cowie’s ships, arrived in the port of London. That they ul'ed every endeavour to dispose of the Herrings; circulated notices to all the West India merchants, and employed all means by Provihon Brokers and Wharfingers to that effect, lie produced a copy of the printed notice lent to the West India merchants on that occasion with a Lftl of all the West India Louies to winch the notice was lent.

Mr. Cowie further stated, That as the ensuing season advanced, Meftrs. Chalmers and Cowie luececued in g«Uuvg oil' 2.5;6 barrel*

q Y <ml>

Appendix, (NTo. 43.) 2(j* Martii, continued

.Appendix, (Xo. 43.) 2<f M

continued.

816 Appendix. A. 1805.

Report on the Petition of Messrs. Chalmers and Cowie. (Swedish Herrings.)—continued.

only; that in consequence of their not being able to fell the Herrings in England, they consulted with various pci Ions of experience in this J line as to the belt means of dilpoiing of them, who all agreed that -exportation to the West India islands was the only practicable mode of dilpoiing of them; and merchants, West India captains, and dealers in Salt Provisions, were all unanimous in this advice, and Chalmers and Cowie accordingly aCled upon this advice.

That in order to render the Herrings which were not fold in this country as productive as possible, they were carefully repacked according to the usual practice of llerring6 deffined for the West Indies, shipped in good order, one cargo to Mahon and Italy, and the rest to all parts of the West India islands, and two large cargoes under an agent of great personal experience and influence in most of the islands (Mr. Arthur Strother.)

That the measure of shipping off the Herrings for sale on their own account, was the only possible advantageous disposition of them, and the result shews, that they thereby yielded above £-8,600. That MeffVs. Chalmers and Cowie did not rely altogether on the exertions of their Agents in the sale of the Herrings, hut wrote many letters to their friends in the islands, procured the most respectable introduction to other correspondents, and being then at peace with France, sent two cargoes to St. Domingo, and had their agents recommended by persons of authority at Paris to Benezech the PrefeCl, and to the Aid de Camp of Le dlerc, the Commander in Chief; but the success in the disposal of the Herrings was very (lender, and the loss very great. That the low prices obtained for the Herrings must be attributed, in general, to the glut of Herrings in the West Indies that season, the consequence of the extreme scarcity and dearness of them in the two preceding seasons, and to the precariuufness of this article ilself, which renders it difficult to preforve found for any length of time, in hot climates especially.

Mr. Cowie produced an Account of the Costs and Charges attending the Purchase and Importation of the Herrings, and of the net Proceeds of the Sales, so as to lliew his actual loss in money; a Copy of which Account your Committee have subjoined in an Appendix (No. 1.)

Mr. Cowie Hated to the Committee, That he had carefully examined the Account produced, and could therefore take upon himself to Hate moH positively that the Account is correct and true in every particular. The Vouchers, by which the items of the Account produced are established, Mr. Cowie Hated to have been produced and delivered with many other Vouchers and Affidavits to the Commissioners of the Customs, when they examined into the fads of this transaction during many months, by orders of the Lords of the Treasury; and that the whole were sent up by the Commissioners of Customs to the Treasury, with their Report, in confirmation of the fads Hated by Messrs. Chalmers and Cowie in their Memorial to the Lords of the Treasury.

Mr. Cowie then produced a LiH of the Vouchers he Hated to be at the Treasury, a copy of v. hich LiH your Committee also subjoin in an Appendix (No. 2.)

The Witness further said, That the Account produced, shewing a loss of £.35,035. 18s. gd. is an Account of Payments and Receipts merely, and does not include any item of interest, commission, or profit; that Account shews the money that they (the Petitioners) have actually disburied in this unfortunate importation beyond their receipts for the produce of the fules; hut their loss he Hated to exceed that amount by many thousands, arising from so large a capital being locked up now four years, also from the returns of the actual l'ales in l'ome parts of the West Indies not being realized, and from some bad debts, so that their actual loss would be found to exceed £.50,000.

That in general, £. 10. per cent, per annum, is reckoned a very moderate return of capital in regular trade, in which case, and taking into account bad debts which would have been avoided, and adding many other mischievous effects of this fatal business, he could conscientiously say, that the capital employed in this transaction might, in the ordinary course of their mercantile and agency business, have been increased at this period to £.60,000.

That he (Mr. Cowie) received several Accounts of Tales effected in the West Indies in 1802, which shewed a disappointmenfc and loss in part; but till the Tales more generally arrived in 1803, tlicy could not clearly ascertain the extent of the loss; those further Accounts which came in that year enabled them to make up an Account in July, and they prefen ted a Memorial to the Lords of the Treasury, Hating the circumstances of their loss, some months afterwards, when they could ascertain with sufficient correctneis that no further returns were to be expected.

Mr. Cowie further fiated. That his regular and accustomed tradtand commission business presented sufficient and more certain advantages, but his motives and those of his partner, were to benefit the Country, to follow up the wishes of Government, and open a branch of trade of an important nature, and in a high degree beneficial to the West India

Colonies, as the repeated memorials and folieitations of the Merchanti and Planters to Government for many years past would fully prove.

He further stated, That in communicating the information and plan Messrs. Chalmers and Cowie did to Mr. Mackenzie, and in the subsequent conferences they had with Mr. Wilberforce, and the information given by them in such conferences, they understood they were acting throughout by the with, and at the requeli of the Provision Committee, although through the interference of individuals; and the Witness gave the following reasons for such underffanding,—there was no Swedish merchant, nor any other perl'on who gave information to the Committee but themselves; that information was laid before Mr. Rose and Mr. Pitt, as he was informed by Mr. Wilberforce, and acted upon by Government;—fo that the importation was created by the Act before alluded to.

He also Hated, That from the beginning to the end of the trans-action, in the measures they pursued, they acted in confidence of this underffanding; they were distinctly told by Mr. Role, that tha prohibition against the exportation of British Herrings would continue in force, so that their importation would go to supply the West India demand; and they would not have written a letter on the subject of the importation, had they not understood it was the wish and at the desire of the Provision Committee, and of the Government; and no other mercantile house whatever having acted upon that occasion but themselves, renders theirs an unique case.

Mr. Cowie further Hated, That had the passing of the Act taken off the prohibition and the distress of the Country, and the demand for the West India market been previously known to him, it was not at all in his contemplation that he should have engaged in the importations, without the communications he had with the Committee, and the desire expressed that he should wait upon Mr. Pitt, who hud expressed a wish to fee them upon the subject. That at the time they engaged in that importation, they had no assurance that an embargo would not take place, nothing having palfed on the subject; the embargo was therefore quite unexpected, as the Act for allowing thi importation of Swedish Herrings passed on the 31st of December 1800, and on the 14th of January following the order for the embargo was issued; but during that interval, their property was committed to the extent Hated. The probability of such an embargo did not enter into their consideration at the time of giving their first orders.

Being asked. Whether he received any communication from the Committee, except that the prohibition would be taken off? Mr. Cowie said, That he and his partner received from the Committee, or Members of the Committee, whose names have already been mentioned, the ff rongeff encouragement to import, as the distress at that time was very urgent; that the encouragement held out by those Members was the great demand for the article, as a measure benefiting the poor, and to supply the West India market; and that the prohibition against exporting British Herrings would continue in force.

Charles Chalmers, Esq. the partner of Mr. Cowie, is a merchant in London; and, being examined, confirmed the evidenci of Mr. Cowie, Hating himself to be well acquainted witji all the facts to which Mr. Cowie had been examined, and having been prefeuUt all the conferences referred to in the evidence of Mr. Cowie.

✓The Witness further Hated, that he had several interviews with Mr. Rose when his'partuer was not present, and received upon such interviews, the ffrongelt encouragement to proceed in the importation of Swedish Herrings; that the encouragement so received went farther than an assurance, that the importation of Swedish Herrings should be allowed; and Mr. Rose particularly pressed him to ule every expedition in the power of himself and his partner to bring the Herrings to England.

That, in one of the interviews the Witness had with Mr. Rose, he told him, Messrs. Chalmers and Cowie had dispatched a cutter to Sweden, with orders for the fish; of which Mr. Rose highly approved, and requeiled the Witness and his partner would use every expedition in their power, which would highly benefit the Country at that period; that this latter conversation took place about lour or five days after the cutter had been dispatched.

The Witness further said, that the promise Hated in the e\.m dence of Mr. Cowie, that Licences would be granted lor the ff’.ps engaged by Messrs. Chalmers and Cowie in England, was communicated first, verbally, by Mr. Enos Smith, one of the clerks in H.e Council Office; and then by letter from the same clerk, which the Witness produced; and also by assurances to the Witness by M* Fawkener and Sir Stephen Cottrell; that the assurances given by Mr. Fawkener and Sir Stephen Cottrell were, "That their Lordihps " had considered the application of the Witness and his Partner, and, 4< from the hardship of their case, in not being able to get the " cargoes to market, Licences would be granted* The ltuels said, he had been informed that the delay respecting the Licences h^ been occasioned by His Mcjeffy's then indisposition; but the Wilt'd* lmd no reason to know why the general order or procLroaU»a, spoken of in the evidence of Mr. Cowie, did not appear in the

Gazette;

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

BIT.

Report on the Petition of MelTrs. Chalmers and Cowie. (Swedish Herrings.)—continued.

Gazette; and he could not recollect whether he had received any information that such order would appear in the Gazette, except by letter from Mr. Enos Smith.

Mr. Robert George Steele, the principal and confidential clerk of MelTrs. Chalmers and Cowie, was examined; and said, that he was well acquainted with all the mercantile Transactions of MelTrs. Chalmers and Cowie, and with all their operations respecting the importation of Swedish Herrings in 1801; he said, that they had not been engaged in the importation of Herrings before that time.

The Witness then confirmed the evidence of Mr. Cowie, as to the dates of the different arrivals of the Herrings in question; the measures taken by the Petitioners to effell Tales of the Herrings; and the costs and charges attending their purchase and importation; and also the proceeds of the Tales.

Thomas Rowcroet, Esq. a merchant, and one of the Aldermen of the city of London, being examined, Hated, that he saw the Herrings imported determined by Mefirs. Chalmers and Cowie, in the year 1801, which, in their original date, were good and merchantable Swedish Herrings; but when he saw them they did not appear to have been fresh, but to have been delayed in the importation; and the Witness adviied their being Tent to the West Indies for Tale, as the only means of making any thing of them, there being no sale lor them in England.

Mr. Henry Anderson, a dealer in provisions, and wharfinger, being examined, dated, that he had the charge of the whole 19,500 barrels of Swedish Herrings, unported by MelTrs. Chalmers and Cowie. He confirmed the evidence of Mr. Cowie, as to the dates of their arrival; the previous failing of the spring fleets for the West Indies, in 1801; the rish being of a good quality; the endeavours ul'rd to effect sales in England; and the measures taken to render them fit for exportation.

John Foulerton, Esq. a merchant in London, and a Scotch factor, and Mr. Lawrence Bruce, formerly a captain in the Jamaica trade, but since retired, being separalely examined, spoke to the fame fads as Mr. Anderson. The Witness, Bruce, had purchased some of the Herrings prepared for exportation; and the three last Witnesses agreed, that the conduit pui sued by MelTrs. Chalmers and Cowie, in exporting the Herrings to the West Indies for sale on their own account, was proper and prudent; and that this was the only measure which could have been pursued to avoid a total loss of the property.

Mr. Arthur Strother, a merchant in London, being examined, laid, ‘That he proceeded to the West Indies, at the request of MelTrs. Chalmers and Cowie, in the beginning of December 1801, as super-cargo, to efl’ed sales of a quantity of Swedish Herrings imported by them. The Witness dated, in confirmation of Mr. Cowie s evidence, that he had examined the Account of Payments and Receipts hereto annexed, and marked Appendix (N° 1.) which he said was correct, as far as the part of the Herrings under his management.

The Witness further dated, That he was also in the West Indies in the months of May and June 1801, and that he had the strongelt reason to believe, that, had the Herring* been in the West Indies at that tune, they would have fold exceedingly high, from the observations he made on the date of the markets at that period.

The AIT of the 41ft of His Majedv, cap. 10. (passed on the 15th of December 1800) was read; by the 3d fecTion of which a bounty was secured to the Importers of Corn, equal to the difference between the market-price after arrival and the price mentioned in the All of Parliament.

The Ad of the 41ft of His Majesty, cap. 21. (passed on the 3id December 1800) was also read; by the 17th and 18th sections of which, persons entitled to a bounty upon exporting Pilchards were allowed to fell them for home consumption, and receive the bounty as if they had been exported. By the same Act, advantages were also held out to persons engaged, or who should engage, in the Fisheries at ihat period.

Claes Grill, Esq. the Consul General for Sweden, being examined, said, That in January 1801, he made application, through the Swedidi AmbatTador, to the Britidi Government, for allowance for maintenance of the crews of such Swedish ships as were detained by embargo in the ports of Great Britain ajid Ireland; the Witness received from Government, in consequence of that application, at the rate of 3 s. 6<f. per day for each captain, 2$. per day for each mate, and 1 s. 3 d. per day for each of the remaining part of the crew, amounting in the whole to about £. *24,000.

The Witness said, lie had every reason to believe that a similar application was made, and with similar success, on behalf of the Danish drips detained by the fame embargo, as the Witness was pre-lent, and attended with Mr. Wolfe, the Danish Consul, upon Mr. Rose, at the Treasury, when the allowance to be made was settled; and the Witness said, kt believed the sum received by Mr. Wolfe was

about £. 22,000; this money, he said, was given to afford maintenance to the men during their detention by the embargo.

The Witness further dated, That he had always looked upon Messrs. Chalmers and Cowie as merchants in ths commission line; and that he did not know of any instance of their buying goods on their own account.

David Bristow Baker, Esq. a merchant in London, being examined, said, That he had received several Turns of money from J. F. Hage, who was a Commissioner on the part of the Danish Government, to arrange the outstanding claims of the Danish subjects in the West India islands upon the British Government, which Turns were placed in the WitnessV hands on account of the Danish West India Company; and he underdood the Turns were paid by the English Government on account of ships, or other Danish property, detained by British cruizers. The Witness said, he had also received sums on the fame account for other Danish subjects, amounting altogether to £.47,261.

Robert Cowie, Esq. being again examined, said, That, as agent for the Swedish East India Company, he had received various Turns of money of the British Government for Losses fudained by three Swedish Indiainen, one of which was seized at the Cape of Good Hope, another at St. Helena, and a third on the North Seas, and all brought into British ports, under the Order in Council of the 14th January 1801: That there had been an allowance made by Government for Swedidi Tailors impreded and taken to India; for anchors, fails, and cables, and a variety of port charges; besides the maintenance of officers and crews, and the expence of furnishing great part of one of the crews: the whole amount received by the Witness for the three ships was about £.4,200*

The Witness further dated, That he had not received any allowance or compensation for his Losses from the Swedish Government, nor had he any claim upon that Government, as the ships with his property on board were not prevented from failing by any AH of the Swedish Government, but the fear of being captured in England had detained them in the Swedish port.

The Witness further said, That he had never before, or subsequent to the importation of the Herrings in quedion, purchased goods of any description upon speculation; but that his trade had been solely that of a Commission Merchant, except in one indance about twenty years ago, which was a very small purchase.

George Cowie, Esq. a merchant in London, being examined, said, That he had received from the Transport Board, in consequence of an application to the Lords of His Majesty’s Treasury, the fubfldence money for the maders and crews of five diips, detained at Gibraltar during the embargo laid on by His Majest/s Order in Council of the 14th January 1801, amounting to £*731* He also received for the dock hire of the ship Cron Prince Guda Adolph, and for another ship, named the Wanfgapen, her full freight, although her cargo of fruit, which was sold by order of Government, did not produce so much as the freight amounted to.

Appendix (No. 1.)

A' SCHEDULE of the Costs and Charges of Nineteen thousand Five hundred and Seventy-three Barrels of Herrings, purchased in Sweden, and of the Proceeds of the fame, in so Tar as these have been realize

The Vouchers alphabetically arranged, according to the margin.

Appendix, (No. 43.) *9* Martii,

continued.

A.

B.

C.

D.

Cost at Gothenburg of 2,000 barrels, pertheBetfey Coil and all Charges Of 7,311 barrels, purchased up by our order, per \ David Mitchell, of Gothenburg - -

D°-----D°-----of

10,262 per Low and Smith of Gothenburg - -19,573 barrels.

Cod of insurance premiums on the above quantities from Gothenburg to London - £.212 10 —

t? . 5U 17 7

E. Freights to American diips hired during the em-

bargo, on 10,106 barrels of the above quantities -

F. Freights to Swedish and English ships, after the re-

moval of the embargo, on the remaining quantity 9,467 barrels, from Gothenburg to London

G. Cost of two cargoes of salt from Liverpool, to pre-

serve and repack the Herrings, with freight and insurance

H. Cooperage, labour, charges inwards, wharfage,

lighterage, and Custom-house officers I. Insurance from fire - - £. 69

J£# Charges outwards on the quantities shipped

for sales, per Wharfingers account - 387 Wilkinson and Son's account, bonds, &c. 126 Searchers fees ----- *45

17 9

5 7 8 6 3 6

Total Cost and Charges of those Herrings - £.

d.

2,250 — —

9,881 10 —*

13.994 17 7

\ 724 7 u

5?3i8 11 7

2,415 17 7

693 ~ 8

5>33 18 6

82815 4

41,103 19 2

The

Appendix, (No. 43.) 29* Martii,

continued>

818

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Report on the Petition of Mefirs. Chalmers and Cowie. (Swedish Herrings.) —continued.

The fealon (which, at the latest, is February and March) being entirely loft by the detention occasioned by the embargo here and in Sweden, the first preventing all charters of British vessels, and the last all Swedish ships, from moving, every measure of publicity and iudustry that could be adopted, as appears by the circular letter herewith marked L. was tried, to client a sale again!! the next approaching feafou; all that could be elltcded in that way was the following quantity, as will appear per Voucher

M,

2,556 Barrels - amount to -

which sum deduced from the costs of the whole quantity as already ltated, and the amount of coll, being -

Left a dock of 17,017 barrels at the cod price, and charges of - -

Making on an average nearly 44s, per barrel.

No further Tales at any price being pnifticable in consequence of the Peace, and the leal’on for the British Fisheries drawing on, no other expedient was left to prevent a total defirudion of the property but to ship these Herrings to the West India Islands,&c. oh account of the Proprietors.

Accordingly the various (hipments under mentioned took place:

2,500 Barrels, per the Sir Hyde Parker, captain Niven.

1,700 D* - - per Anne, captain Jackson.

4, 200 Barrels for Barbadoes, and for all or any of the Leeward and W'indward Islands, Foreign and Britishi, under the direction of Mr. Arthur Strother, an Agent of experience and fidelity.

The freight fixed at the lowed obtainable rate was 5$. per barrel - - - - £. 1,050 —

Primage, £.5. perCent. - - 52 10

Custom-house charges & lighterage 31 1

Insurance on £. 6,500. - £. 2. 10 s.

per cent, and damps - - 170 12

1,1*0 Barrels, per the General Moore, Captain Worts, to Mahon, Leghorn, and Naples, that no practicable method or market might be left untried.

Freight, 8 $. per barrel - £.440-----

Primage, 10 s. per cent. - 44 —

Charges as above - - 38 15 —

Insurance on £. 2,000 -

500

220

300

300

D#

I>

\y

D

1,50 Barrels, per Pursuit, Bonadaile, to Surinam;

- Arethula, Allard, - to Cuiacao;

- Dedalus, Powels,

- Suspence, Wray, - to Antigua;

- M aria, - Fernis, - to Madeira and Demerara;

- Accomj lished Quaker, Burdon for Si. Kitt’s;

- - Judina, - Rooke, to Martinique;

In all 1,970 barrels;

The freight paid whereon was £551 5 —

Primage - - - - 27 11 3

Shipping charges, fees, &c. - 80 2 —

Insurance - - - *81-----

300 D° 2®0 Da

3,220 Barrels, in suitable quantities, were shipped by eighteen ships, nearly about the same time, to the sundry ports in Jamaica, «os freight at a moderate rate could be obtained, and such information got as rendered a sale probable, giving them every chance of iale at intermediate ports. See Lid N. The amount of freight, charges, and insurance thereon are -

And finally to St. Domingo (part of the Anne’s cargo having been fold there, though to a Infs) with orders to proceed to Jamaica if no lale could be gut, all the residue of the original quantity, increased by re-pa kage 383 barrels 1,91© Barrels per the Sarah, Lightley.

Freight - - - £.620 15 —

Primage - - - - 3112 —

Lighterage, fees, &c. - - 61 13 6

Insurance on £. 4,000 - - 110-----

Thus the original cod, and the charges of forwarding lo market tho quantity unfold, amount t» - - - £.

L

4,102

41,162 19 2

37,000 4 11

17,400

1,304 3

587 15 —

739 18 3

3,267 8 6.

The Sales and Proceeds of such of these Exports as have bepn i are as follows; ’

O. Net proceeds of Tales, per Sir Hyde Parker and

Anne -

P. D* - D*, per General Moore at Mahon 135 8 2

Leghorn Sj 3,032 17

a ex. 53d - 863 6 10

Q. Net proceeds of Sales of -

1,670 barrels, part of

1,970 D° to Surinam, Curacao, Antigua, &c.

N. B.—Of the remaining 300 barrels to St. Kitt’s no report of tales.

R> D° - D° of 7,920, part of

8,220 to Jamaica

The residue, 300, laying unfold, or of which \vc have no report of Tales.

By deducting the above proceeds from the costs and charges of the Herrings, as above -

The actual loss at present will be found - £.

fy s. d.

2>359 4 6

L°Q3 15

902 15 9

4:f-i 16 10

43,7-3 10 ia

35/G5 18 9

Since the above datement was doled, Account Sales have been received of the 1,910 barrels, per Sarah, which were ultimately delivered at Jamaica, no possibility of sale being found at St. Domingo; and the charges exceeded the proceeds per £. 88. 8. 4. See Davies' Accounts in It.

Appendix, No. 2.

PARTICULARS and CONTENTS of VOUCHERS.

A.

B.

G.

D.

E.

James Lyons Account Current with Chalmers and Cowie; dated 12th November 1801.

Letter, from Low and Smith, and from D. Mitchell, dated Gothenburg. 3id December 1800, advihng the purchase of 1,000 barrels, each at R. D. \ 6,000 R. Ex. at 5. 16. £. 1,125. each drawn on him.

Slampt agreement of sale, J. Lyon to C. & C.; dated London, ed April 1801, at the invoice price.

N. B.—In virtue of our paying the above bill drawn on him and all other charges.

The letters or notes from J. Lyon to C. & C. respecting the charter of the Betl’ey, Denton mailer, and the payment of lus balance.

Letter from D. Mitchell to C. & C. Gothenburg, 21ft January 1801, advising the purchase of 8,000 barrels, per £.9,140. and his having drawn for the fame.

Account of charges at Gothenburg on the above quantity, amounting to R. D. £. 3,636. or £. 3,597- Exchange a. 6. £.599- *3- 3-Recapitulation by C. & C. making the exact cot! with mteretl and pottages charged to us in his account current, See. £.141. 16. 9. £.9,881. 10.

Letter from Low and Smith, Gothenburg, 17th and 21ft January 1801, advising purchase of 10,000 barrels, at 6. R. D. per band, and advising their drafts per £. 12,140. fig.

Their account of charges on the above parcel at Gothenburg, dated 25th November 1801, 11.0.4,124. with duplicate in Swedish annexed, signed Law, Tarras, and Anderson, and Who!fain t; dated Gothenburg, 29th May 1802, and a translation attached.

Their account current; dated 25th November 1801, making a balance of £.462. 13. 6. due them.

Recapitulation by C. & C. making the exact col! with interest and charges, say poliages charged to us in 1‘ubsequent account current, £■43-2* »9- 9-~£-13.994- 17- 7-

Account of Insurances effected, specifying the policies in number fourteen, balance £.724. 7. 11. WitnessVd by W. Durrington, keeper of the Policy Book for Chalmers and Cowie.

Samuel Gale's receipt for freight, £. 220.; 2ill May 1S01.

Henry Anderson's note of delivery.

Bills of lading per 206 barrels, and 2,000 barrels, per Bctfey, Denson, the last indorsed 44 James Lyon."

W. Beatfon and Co's note of freight and settlement with C. & C. thereof, iGth May 1801, per the above Betfey £.1,212. 15.

Denfon's affidavit of delivery.

C. William's note of freight, per Hifen; 10th June 1801, £.632. 10.

Bill of lading, per !,ioo ban els, per do.

Freight note, per Indoltan, per 2.800 barrels, amount £. i,54°* 25th August 1801.

Charterparly, per Atlantic, Thompson matter, Liverpool; 301b March 1S01.

Rumili's account of freight, per Atlantic, and feltlement thereof, £. 1,598. 12. 1. 3d August 1801; signed Wallis, Cooke, and Hammond.

Freight note, per Daphne, B. Culhing matter, £-8°9* I0* ^; ftb Sept. 1801.

Charter, per ditto; London, 20th April 1801.

Freight

45 Geo. III. Appendix.

819

Report on the Petition of Mefirs. Chalmers and Cowie. (Swedish Herrings.)—continued.

F: eight nef<% per Speculation, Tinian master, 10th August 1801, 1,023 bamds, £. 293. 5. (binned) Sundius and Dodds, of Ldtn^, per ditto.

Ii; 11 of lading, per Charlotte, Andrews master, 1,776 barrels, 6lh August 1 So 1.

Fi eaJ.it note, per ditto, £. 408. 5. 6.

Freight note, per St. Johannes, Kirclioft master, 2d September 1^0161.276 barrels, /*. 311. 16. (Signed; Huffman and Dobie.

Fad of lading, per giuo.

Freight note, per Exchange, Johnfou master, 1,176 barrels,

£ R.

I all ot lading, per ditto, Gothenburg!], 24th August 1801.

I iei...lit note, per Marguretha, Lamberg matter, 23d September 1S01. 700 barrels, ^.201. 5. (Signed) Sundius and Dodds.

Bill of lading, per ditto.

Freight note, per Fortuna, Ifvenburgh mafier, 25th September 1801, 850 barrels,/'. 207. 14. 8. (Signed) Sundius and Dodds.

Bill of lading, per ditto.

Freight note, per Maria, Willes master, 22d October 1801, 1,250 barrels, £. 323. 8. 9. (Signed) Van Buuren and Co.

Fill ot lading, per ditto.

Freight account, per Alliancon, Workman master, 15th October l8:>i, 1,420 barrel, £.380. 14. (Signed) Sundius and Dodds.

Bill of lading, per ditto.

Q, Invoice of 60 tone, per Chance, Bex field master, per Ilanny and Lo^eii, Liverpool, 17th August 1S01.

Diuo of 100 ions, per Hath, Pugh master, per ditto, Liverpool 27th October 1 801.

Q.

R.

II. Account, flgnc.d Wenings and Sherman, coopers, August 10th 1S01, to 2 2(1 May 1802, for remaking and repacking 5,624 barrels, £ >6

DiUo, ditto, 1,073 barrels, at Three Cranes, unbending, fitting up, heading and couponing, ligned ditto, November and December 1801,

April 26th to 301b M.iv 1S02, £. ’76. 5. 3.

Ditto, d.lto, unln ,ubng. filling up, and heading and coopering 6,834 barrels at Humbert's wii.ni, Cheiry-gardens, loth October to 261I1 December 1801,^.630. 13. 6.

Ditto, d.tt >, chito, 1.473 bands ditto, at ditto, ditto, o j ft September, reducing ami remaking, \ c. to 7th November, £ 247.

James Hole’s account; drawing, remaking, repacking 709 barrels, ar:d 570 ditto, Dud.ng, wharfage, holding, lliipping, Ac. £. 331. 13.

Jirmv Amb j ion’s account, dated 28th July 1802, ot landing, entry, T.bari,: l:. blera;.e, land waiters, weighers, watching, and rent of

all the cmgees inwards, 10,567 barrels, £. 926. 1. 4. except the uh u iJge, Ac. of thequantil.es landed at other wharf’s.

Kowrroft and Woods account of landing, wharfage, housing, rent, and flopping 8,564 barrels, and charges on Salt, per the Ruth,

£ :>7* <)•—C-66.5. 17. 4.

George Brown, Chamber! ain’s Wharf, account of wharfage, landing, unpu< king, re-packing, porterage, rent, and flopping 3,264 bar-rels, £. 362. 17* 3-

Turner and Rutherford's account of wharfage and reshipping 1,418 bar; els, £. 59. 1. 8.

T. Bolt, Dice and Smart's Quays, and Fresh and Trig’s Wharfs; wharfage, landings hauling, lighterage, flupp.ng, and rent of 1,100 barrels, £. 127. 11. 11.

J. U lot-, Rennet Wharf; landing, wharfage, holding, rent, and roiling away 1,000 barrels, £. 03, 1. 2.

A memorandum Hip, hating that widow Atkiufon and Co. bill of £.271. 18.

Landwaiters account, fc( s, Ac. on 6,467 barrels £. 22, 2.

Henry AmDrlbii’s account of charges in sundry shiprnents,

In all - - 19,304 barn Is.

m.id - - 050 gained by repacking.

, ->v-;a - - - - £-3*7- 5- 7-

C. and F. V\ ihiamfon s account inwards 22. S. 6. ] ~

Scavage and entries outward - - - _ J i>* 10 M*

Bills of loading, per the Alert, McDonald; Hazard, Cummins; Sarah Ann, Hunter; Alfred, Paiith; Aurora, Coleman; Arethula, Duds; Northumberland, Wake; Lady and , Huddnn; Cora,

Breton; MonF-go Lav, Alien; Trelawney Planter, JMcDonald; Yiciftitude, Stout; Latoua, McGrath; Crown, Proctor; Ann, Atkins;

il

Stranger, Pearce.

O Thomas J. Pierce's account Dies of Herrings :;t Barbadoes (extracted from his general accounts furnished us'isigned by him, 1,066 barrels.

Raiibby and Mots’s ditto, at St. Vincents 400 barrels.

Jrhn llrooker ditto, at Anguilla, loo barrels.

R. S. Turlin’s ditto, at Demarara, 400 barrels.

Yv. Brown and Cos. ditto, at Trinidad. 300 ditto.

Ceorae Robcrlfon and Co’s ditto, at Surinam, too ditto.

John Campbell and Co’s letter from Tobago, 20th November 1S02, giving account of the fate of the quantity lent, 140 barrels.

Arthur Strother’s original letter to us, dated Port-au-Prince, St. Domingo, 13th March 1802, advising the tale of the Anne’s cargo there.

P. Captain Clement Worts’s letter from Leghorn, 12th February 1S02, with account f.Jc of 50 barrels at Mahon.

Du pony Brother’s account tales, Leghorn, 13th September 1802, with the note annexed by us, thus*

(iirifs files of the within account - 5j‘216 13 3

Of nl! the charges except the freight (already entered in Schedule, p. 4) - - - - 1,173 11 2

4,043 2 —

Agio - -_uo_4_9_ Lxu. a. 53 - £.S 6. 10. - Step. 3,93-2 7 3

Vol.

Theodore Jutting’s account Tales, Curacao’s, a 1 April 180a. Captain llicliard l’owlc’s account Talcs, Antigua, 12 May 180a, and letters of advice.

Auctioneers account of sales, dated St. Pierre, Martinique, 7th August 1802, 300 barrels, per Maria, Ferris.

Captain Hooke’s account laic, 200 barrels, per Judina.

Daniel 1 Fdl, junr and Co’s, account lale, 300 barrels, per the Suspenee, Antigua, 31ft December 1803, adding freight to his bill £.50 18 9

which was - - 78 15 —

£■ 1-9 13 9

It. Graham’s account fules, per Cora, Kingston, 20th February 1 802.

John Mitchell’s account sales, per the Trelawney Planter, Jamaica, 18th March 1803.

Stewart Galloway and Co’s, account sales, per the Trelawney Planter, Jamaica, 1 it March 1802.

Dittos account sales, per Crown, ditto, ditto, ditto.

Ditto's letter of advice, ditto, ditto, ditto.

Captain Roberts’ account sales, per Nuid, with abstracft thereof, per C. and C.

Captain M‘G rath’s account sales, per Latona, 6th August 1802.

Alexander Duvidfou’s account sales, per Ann, Montego Lay, 31ft July 1802.

Captain Pariflfs account sales, per Alfred, Kingston, 22d June

1802.

Newham’s account sales, and letter of advice, per the Northumberland, Kingston, 29th May 1802.

G. Johnson s account tales, per ditto, Falmouth, 15th October, and letter of advice (with abUracl or luminary, per C. and C.)

Henry Weft and. Co’s account sales, per Stranger, Kingston, 4th October 1802.

Captain George Stoat’s account sales, per Viciftitude, 22d December.

Copy Alexander Langland's account tales, per ditto, Montego Bay, 8ih September 1802 (with luminary, per C. and C.)

Hooke, Hevnolds, and Co’s leUer of advice and account sales of part of the Camperdown’s cargo. Port Maria. 26th January 1S03.

* Captain John IiunteFs account tales, per Small Ann.

Account sales, per the Alert, McDonald, Davis, arid Co’s, account sales, per Montego Bay, Kingston, 4th January 1803-

Dilio’s account tales, per S uab, ditto.

Ditto’s account sales, \ cr llazaid, ditto, (with abstrc.ift, per C. and CJ adding the freight as being already entered in the Schedule.

R. Newby’s account tales, par Aurora, St. Ann’s Lay, 20th March

1803, with account current and certificate. * * ,

Betides all Accounts and Vouchers contained in A. to It. then* were itlfo furnished, viz.

Bills of loading lor the shipment of the 1,100 barrels to Mahon and Italy.

4,200 ? ditto to Leeward 1 Hands.

1,970 )

Ihlls of loading, per Sarah, 1,910 barrels; and transtation of letters of advice; say, recommendation from Thotrand, a Member of the French Government to Citizen Bouguine, Aid de Camp to General le Clerc, Paris, 7 Pvairial, Year 8; and from Montre IMris, 22 Prai-rial, to Mr. Lenezech, colonial Prefect, St. Domingo.

Our inttruciions to Captain Lightley.

In reply to the first application of the Commimoners of Customs for proofs, the following affidavits were delivered.

Robert Cowie:

Henry Anderson, Wharfinger and Salt Provision Broker, who had the luperintendcince of the Herrings, and certificates to the Accounts U. K. and M.

Arthur Strother, an Agent and Supercargo, employed in the export and lale of two large cargoes, and who certifies the Accounts, O.

Robert George Steele, (hit Clerk in the house of Mefirs. Chalmers and Cowie, who certifies all the Accounts contained in the Appendix, No. 1.

Belidcs the above proofs on oath, there were furnished:

Bills of lading, accounts, sales, le tters of advice, and every other document attaching to the respective accounts.

The above were accompanied by a Letter from Messrs. Chalmers and Cowie, dated 31 ll March 1804.

To the l’econd application of the Commissioners For further proofs, the following were delivered:

A Lift of all the Ships and Cargoes, with the dates of importation, confirmed by a Report annexed of the Land Surveyor at the Custom-1 Louie.

To the third application of the Commissioners of Customs for further proofs, the following were delivered:

The Affidavit of John Bennett, of Lloyd’s Costee-Louie, Rating the time when the Weft-india Fleets failed.

Affidavit of llenrv Anderson, as to the impracticability of dripping the Herrings in the early part of the year 1801, and to the oiler of felling them under the market price, and to the other meuiures taken to dispose of them.

A hi davit of Laurence Bruce, as to the Herrings being merchantable, and the necelhty of their being repacked.

Athdavit of John Foulerton, to the like efied, and as to the causes which prevented the lale.

Letter from Robert Milligan, Esq. confirming the allegations in Mefirs. Chalmers and Cowitfs memorial to the Treasury.

The above, accompanied by a letter from Chalmers and Cgwie, dated 30th June 1804.

9z

Appendix, (NTo- 43-) 30* Marfii, continued.

820

Appendix,

(No. 44.)

1* Apri

Appendix.

A. 1805.

An ACCOUNT of the Charges Outstanding against the Balance of the CONSOLIDATED FUND of Ireland on the 5th of January 1805; specifying whether any, and which of them, have been fmce paid.

Charges Outstanding on 5 th January 1805. Payments fmce 5th January 1805.

Ditto - on Unfunded Debt Principal of Outstanding Loan Debentures - -- -Prmcipal of Outstanding Exchequer Bills, payable prior to the 5th January 1805 Outstanding Lottery Prizes ----- Load from Great Britain for discharging the Prizes of the Irish Lotteries of 1801 * -m — £■ ». 72,718 16 4^ 1.368 13 44 2,275 13,808 6 8 07,784 — 299,000 £■ s. d. 40,478 9 — S80 5 _ 12,300 107

- £■ 416,954 16 43 53,765 14 —

Metnorandum.—As every other Head of Expenditure is joint with Great Britain, agreeable to. the Seventh Article of the Act of Union, it cannot be ascertained what Charge, or, if any, remained against the Consolidated Fund of Ireland on the 5th January 1805, until the Contribution Accounts of Great Britain and Ireland to that Period shall be settled.

Treasury, Dublin Castle,' 25th March 1805. ‘

G. Cavend

The PARTICULARS of the UNFUNDED DEBT of Ireland, on 5th January 1805.

LOAN DEBENTURES:

Residue of Debentures bearing £.4 per-Cent. Interest to the year 1788, provided for by 27th and 28th Geo. III. but not claimed by the

Proprietors:

:Proprietors:

Old Loan

Loan by lottery, 1780 Loan by Lottery, 1781

EXCHEQUER BILLS:

Outstanding Exchequer Bills, provided for by several Acts of Parliament, but not claimed by the Proprietors:

Payable 24 June 1783 -

24 June 1790 -

24 June 1791 -

24 June 1795 ......

25 December 1798 -

24 June 1801 -

24 June 1802 -

25 March 1803 -

EXCHEQUER BILLS, not in course of Payment till after the 5th January 1805:

38th Geo. III. Payable 25 March 1806 -

/'Payable on or before 24 August 1805 \ 25 August 1805

44th Geo. IIL< ----- 29 September 1805

J-----25 October 1805 -

L.-----20 November 1805

4.

8 6 8

50-----

100-----

300-----

400-----

100-----

100-----

12,750-----

30,000-----

100.000 -

200.000 -

300.000 —r —

100.000 -

100.000 -

LOTTERY PRIZES:

Outstanding Lottery Prizes of the several Lotteries, from the year 1782 to the year 1801 Loan from Great Britain for paying the Prizes of the Irish Lotteries of 1801

Treasury, Dublin Castle, 7 5 j

1. d.

275-----

1,250-----

75o-----

13,808 6 8

830,0 ©0-----

£• <• d<

2,275 —

843,808 6

27,784-----

209,000-----

1,172,867 6 8

251I1 Match 1805:

G. Cavendish.

Appendix*

(No. 45.)

i* Aprilis.

Air ACCOUNT of all DOLLARS issued by the Bank of England; to the latest Period that the fame can be made up.

The Number of Dollars which have been stamped at Soho, and which have been issued from the 16th day 7 g g Q of May 1804 to the 30th day of March 1805, inclusive -3 5 *

Bank of England, 7 lft April 1805. y

A. Navland,

Chief Cashier.

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix.

A RETURN of the several NEW TAXES and ADDITIONAL DUTIES of FtPtuP T , ■. ... ,• ,

of the Parh^ent of the Uhitfed Kingdom, f,nee the lit of January ,80.: Diflingmlhing the Years in which Uxe^feme were relp^aively"^l^ged^ the Produce theieot in each \ ear, Irom their Commencement; and the Amount thereof in the whole, down to the 5th of January 1805. * 6 '

Articles,

and

Sessions when charged.

Sessions 1801 & 1802:

Ho New or Additional Tax implied in tilde Selhoiib.

bullion 1803:

Strong Waters Malt - -

Foreign Wines (Excise on)

SefTton 1804:

Strong Waters Malt -

Tob*iUCO

Sugar (Excise on) - '

Foreign Wines (Excise on)

Auctions -Coffee -Licences -

Rate

or

Nature of each.

£■ 4. d.

-----9 per gallon -

1 per barrel -

-----on French ‘ •) -

10 — Portugal, Ac. f - . -

10— Rhcmlh, &c.(P.erton;

5 — All other forts J -

— 1

7 — 4 3 3

Commencement

14th July 1803 14th June - -24th June - -

Total of Taxes imposed in Session 1803

rf.

£- *• rf.

-----2h por gallon^ ——

— 15 pur inrrrl f ——

-----4 per pound t -

— £ 8 p< 1 c wt. J *

• Er ’li(h Currency.

►J* Thofr* Add1 I hit . with thefonnf r Dul'bu*:\L u’.:;.r *d in Enphlh C ".aiioy, iuii -Add1 lUiu of Duty impofud, in efie&, as follows; viz.

Strong Waters o 6J per gallon

Malt - - - 2 2 per bar; cl.

Tobacco - - 0 per pound.

11

9

9

22

16

H

I!

*9

>7

19

9 19 1 b

1 per ton on French -

9 on Vroleira - - -8 on Piv tugal - - -4 Hbeaish, ive. - - -8 Spanish, dec, and 6 on «!1 other forts

iiofe Articles injuired to be paid in English Currency -

10th July 1804

Total of Taxes imposed in Session 1804

TOTAL of both Sessions

Produce in the Years ending 5 th of January

180a.

1803:

1804.

£' 1. d. £■ s. d.

54,457 7 9 «35,407 10 3

46,638 7 7i 38,760 11 8

20,484 10 686 19 3i

121,580 6 1

i&os.

174,855 1 2j

71,656 16 2j 5*2,334 16 6 32,428 11 l\ 1)533 1 10I

48,208 2 10

322 5 —

11-----

694 13 11

207,089 7 si

TOTAL.

£• *• d.

189,864 18 — 85*398 *9 3i

21,171 10 —|

*96,4-35 7 3}

71,656 16 2$

52,334 16 6

32,428 11 ii 1,533 * to|

48,208 2 10

222 5 —

11-----

694 13 11

207,089 y 5§

503,524 14 9

March 31ft 1805.

Sam. Hood\

Afs* Examr of Excise;

A RETURN of the STOCK in Hand, in Ireland, on the totb of July 1804, of WIN E, SUGAR, MALT, and SPIRITS Distilled in Ireland with the Amount of the Additional Duty charged thereon reflectively by any Act of the last Session of Parliament; specifying the fame in Brititii and Irish Currency; and also, the Amount of the increase of certain Public Revenue* in Ireland, by making the same payable in British

Currency, from the 10th of July . 80+ to the 5th of January 1805. (Examiner of Excise Department)

Stock in Hand. Amount of Duty in Irish Currency. Total Duty in British Currency.

Articles. Vuauciues.

Wises - < r French - - - -Madeira - - -Rhenifli, See, - -Portugal, Sec. - - 146,478 Gallons 7,339 D° 2,617 D° 751,849 D# > ' £■ »• * 45,437 2 *0 £• d-48,208 2 10

Sugar - Spanish, lUd, Scc. All other forts - 78,989 D# H3 D° , 11,498! Cwts. Total 987,385 *,533 * »o| *,533 * »o|

Malt - 419,818 Barrels - 29,737 * * 31,089 6 11

Spirits 1,053,574 Gallons - 3*,57* 8 6 32,705 *5 6

Total - - £• *08,279 5 3l *3,536 7 *1

INCREASE in REVENUE by Payments in BRITISH CURRENCY.

Articles. Amount of Increase.

Spirits 24,862 5 5

Malt 8,689 — 6

Tobacco - 4,974 2 i£

Coffee 11

Auctions - 222 5 —

Wine (Stock in Hand of) «,77»

licences - 694 *3

Total - - £, 42,224 6 ill

April ad 1805.

Sam. Hood,

AC*' Examr of Excise.

Appendix,

(No. 46.)

i i* Aprilis. —-----»

822

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 47)

Aprilis.

A RETURN of the CIVIL LIST of Ireland, distinguished into its separate Classes, according to an Act of the 33d year of His present

Claims, in consequence of any other and what Provisions being made for any and which of the Officers

Specifying also such Additions, if any, as have been made to any and which of the said Classes; the

CLASSES.

lit Class.

Lord Lieutenant and Secretary

sd Class.

Lord Chancellor, Judges, and Barons

3d Class. Salaries of other Officers, &c.

Amount of eacfr Class.

£. 24,500 —

£• 21,741 *5 1

£-98,758 4 J1

Particulars of Savings.

One - Ditto -

One - Ditto -

One - Ditto -

One - Ditto -

One - Ditto -

One - Ditto -

One - Ditto -

One - Ditto -

Second Baron, vacant from Lady-day to 20th June 1794 -

Third Justice of King’s Bench, from 1 ft April to D® ——

Lord Chief Justice of D* - - from 23d May to 2d July 1798 -

Lord Chancellor, from 28th January 1802 to 15th March following

Third Justice of King's Bench, from 12th May to 20th July 1802 Lord Chief Justice of D° - from 23d July to 24th September 1803' -

Third Justice of - D* - - from Michaelmas 1803 to 2d November following

Fourth Justice of - D° - - from 24th September 1803 to 29th following -Fourth Baron, one Day, 3d November 1803 -

One Aid-de-Camp, from 4th to 20th June 1798 -

One State Musician, from 15th to 18th November 1794 -

from 17th December 1795 to 16th January 1796 -from Ditto to 17th February 1796 -

from 2d to 13th December 1796

from ill December 1796 to Lady-day 1797 -from Lady-day 1797 to 25th November following from 2d to 20th November 1800 from 2d November 1800 to Lady-day 1803 -from Lady-day 1803 to Lady-day 1804

Principal Secretary of State, from 4th September 1794 to Lady-dav 1795 - - - Ditto - - - - from Lady-day 1795 to Midsummer following

Assistant Housekeeper of Dublin Castle, from Sth May to 27th October 1794 Under Secretary in the Civil Department, from 3d April to 15th May 1795 Keeper of the Records in Birmingham Tower, from 24th October to 5th Decembe

1797

Ranger of Phoenix Park, one Year, to Lady-day 1795

- D° - to Lady-day 1796

- D* - to Lady-day 1797

- D° - to Lady-day 1798 Bailiff of Ditto, from Lady-day 1794 to Lady-day 1801 Ditto - - - from Lady-day 1802 to Lady-day 1804

Constable of Limerick Castle, from 22d October 1794 to lft January 1795 One Messenger of the House of Lords, from 11th to 23d December 1794 Uffier of the Black Itod, from 30th March to lft April 1795 Keeper of the Castle Chapel, from 5lb to 30th August 1790 Committee Clerk at the.House of Lords, from 17th March to 18th May 1797 Keeper of the Speaker's Chamber at the House of Lords, from 14th to 17th October

179ft

Chairim 1 of Committees at the House of Lords, from 20th April to 3d May 1797 Ditto - -- - from 27th November 179S to 2^ th January 1799

One Messenger of Ditto, from ill to 18th August 1798 -

Speaker of Ditto, from 28th January 1802 to Lady-day following Ditto - - - from Lady-day 1802 to Lady-day 1804 -

One Mailer in Chancery, from 23d November to 6th December 1798 -Ficheator of Munlier, from Lady-day 1794 to Lady-day 1804 -

Ditto

Ditto

Ditto

of Ditto -

Ditto of Ulster -

from - D° - - to - D°

Receiver and Paymaster General, Allowance of £.500 a year, from Midsummer 179

to Lady-dav 179

Ditto Allowance of £.400 a year for bringing up Collectors Balances, trom D° to B® Ditto Allowance ol £• 994 and £. 246, for Expences of Office - - from b° to D°

One Commissioner of the Treasury, from 31ft May to 6th July 1796 Surveyor General, from 13U1 October 1797 to 24th January 1798 Ditto Additional Salary, from D° - - to - D° -

Attorney General, from 2d to loth July 1708 -

Solicitor General, from 10th to 16th July 1708 -

Attorney General, from 20th to 22d December 1800 Prime Serjeant, from 22d June 1801 to lft July following -

Solicitor General, from 27th December 1801 to 9th January 1802 - Ditto - - one Day, 4th November 1803 -

Customer of Kinfule, from Lady-dav 1704 to otli February 1795

Searcher of Ditto, from 8th July to 2zd Otfoher 1704 Comptroller of Dingle, from 15th July 1794 to lft January 1795 C uftomer ot Strang ford, from Lady-day 1794 to Lady-day 1804 -

Customer of Dingle - - from - Du - - to - D°

Comptroller of KiUibeggs, from 22d January to Lady-dav 1S03 -Customer ot Cairicktergus, from 29th July to 14th October 1802 Comptroller ot Killibeggs, from Lady-day 1803 to 6th February 1804 Chanter ot Christ Church, from 12th to 26th February 1796 Ten Justices of Atlize, from Midsummer 1796 to Lady-day 1800 -Dean and Chapter ot Christ’3 Church, from Lady-day 1797 to Lady-dav 1800

Carried forward

45 Geo. III

Appendix.

823

Majesty, passed in the Parliament of Ireland: Specifying whether any and what Savings have been made, in any and which of the said the said Clufl'es respectively enumerated, or by any other and what Means; and the Application of such Savings;

Authority by which the fame were made; and the several Payments made on account of such Additions.

Appendix* (Ne. 47-) 9>S* Apr

continued.

Savings.

Total St\ ings in | each Clals.

283 10 4

2.60 8 oA

*43 *3 10]

500 — —J

210 1 n

S';7 10 6

1*7 4 10

18 11 2

3 8 Hi

7 !• 5

— 2 31

1 12 <4

3 8 1

— 11 6

6 7 7

13 4 4 4

— 19 H

48 — 11

20 — —

846 13 —

375 - —

68 10 lj

159 5

58 18 ij

50-----

50-----

f>o-----

50 — -

63-----

18-----

73 4 * 4

— *9

— 13 26 8

2 A

s'

5\

— 5 9 47 n 7$ 332 7 io\ * 18 3f 466 13 4

6,000-----

17 7 9

12 10 — 12 10 —

375 -

300-----

310-----

H3 *2 IO

145 3 3

8 i

5 9 4

1 10

6 11

•2,013 10 —J

»i

7* 3i 6i 7

9 —i

— >5 3i

175 U

46 3 9-i

185 — 4

75-----

50-----

>7 4 5:

1 IO --1\

86 13 4

1 2 9

14,000-----

69 11 9

£■1*4.774 * 9

Application of Savings.

Additions in each Clals.

Authority by which f*ch Additions have been made.

The several Payments made on Account of such Additions.

State Oi ficers.

Und"r Secretary for Law Bull no Is, £.1,000.- - -

I Clerks and Attendants in the Civil Department, £.1203. 18. 8J. -

Keeper of the Records I of the late Parliament, £. 1,000. - -

Exchequer.

Kings Letter and Government Warrant ——

- Ditto -

- Ditto

I One Commissioner of the Tiealury,

£. 1,200. - -

Surveyor Gen. of Lands, £. 100. - -

Office of Imprest

Accounts.

One Commissioner, £.800. -

- Ditto

Four years and I three quarters, from Lady-day 1800 to ( Chriilmus 1S04 - J

Six years and three I quarters, to Chril’t-I mas 1804 - - - J

Three years, from 1 | Chrilhnas 1801 to / Christmas 1804 - )

Three years three I quarters and 86 f I days, from 30th

December 1800 toy

4>75°-----

1,376 n —

3,000-----

- Ditto - -

1 i/ut cmuui 1 o'vw

- - - 1 Christmas 1804

, Six years 3 quarters and 60 days,

I from 24th January ( 1798 to Chnlimas 1

I 1804

Alexr Marfden, Esq. AiTistant | to the Tnder Secretary in the I Civil Department lor conducting Law Pulinels, m re-I ward for his Services m that I station since h:s appointment,

• f . 1,346.7. 10. King’s Let-| ter; dated 29th August 1S00.

James Earl of Caidipan, Keeper ot 1 Iis Majesty s Pi iv} Puile, on account of the Savings remaining in the 1 realmy, on His Majesty Civil Lilt, between I^ady-day 1794 and Lady-day 1800, for the use of His Majesty, £.10,465- 10- 6 i-

by Kings Letter, dated 11th, d Government Warrant ;d December 1800.

and

•22

2,013 10 —

- Ditto - -

Four years one' quarter and 12 days, from 18th September 1800 to Chrili uias 1804 -

4>786 *3 4

691 18 loj

3,424 14

10 A

824

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix, (No. 47.) *5* Apr,

wtntinued.

Return of the Civil Lid of Ireland, distinguished into its separate CLffcs,

CLASSES.

Third Class—continued.

Particulars of Savings.

Brought forward -

Magistrate attending Government; from 31ft August to 30th September 1797

Clerk in Accv-.v . nt General's Office of Chancery and Exchequer; from Michaelmas 180© to L.. v-day 1&00 - - " -

lioufekec, "r of Dublin Cattle, in lieu of old Furniture; from 18th April 1803 Lady-day 1804

Rent of the late Parliament House; *from 27th August 1803 to Lady-duy 1804 Surveyor General, in Leu of Lodgings; from 13th October to (25th December 1797 Oik* Commissioner of Barracks; from 7th April to 23d June 1794 FirO Commissioner of Ditto; from 19th October 1803 to Lady-day 1804 Secretary to Commissioners of Ditto; from 27th July to 24th December 1803 Judge of the Admiralty; from 29th March to 23d May 1797 -

One Commissioner of Impiefl Accounts; from 14th March to 25th May 1798

Ditto - -- -- from 10th March to 25 th May 1798

Auditor of Ditto ----- from ift October 1798 to Lady-day 1804

Filch Commissioner of D* - - - - from 25th March to 18th September 1800

Unappropuated at sundry Periods -

N. B.—The Accounts for the year ending 25th March 1805 not yet made up.

1

Appendix, (No. 48.) *9* Aprilis.

An ACCOUNT of the Expenditure of the different Sums granted for apprehending PUBLIC OFFENDERS, in

Aofficr ty for paying the fame; and

When Paid. Particulars. Sums. !■:

1801: £. s. d.

January 29. Major Sirr, for payments of Rewards offered by directions of Government, for ■apprehending Thomas Halpin - -- -- 234 10 81

31- Lieutenant Colonel G- Stewart, for payment of a Reward offered by Government for apprehending Michael Dalton - -- -- 234 10 8h

February 6. Lieutenant General Eufface, for payments of Rewards offered by Government for apprehending Andrew Thomas - -- -- 234 10 $\

11. More, the Amount of a Reward offered for the apprehension of William Genoud, a proclaimed Rebel - -- -- -- 234 10 Si

21. Major Sirr, to be paid over to Pierce Bothel, Serjeant in the Nethercross Yeomanry, for apprehending John Coyle of Celbridge, Butcher, guilty of treasonable practices - - - - 51 10 11

March 11. Earl of Donougbmore, to be paid to Captain John Creighton and V*’- Quin, Esq. for apprehending James Kennedy, John Dunne, and John Dartey, who were concerned in the Murder of Alexander Mollifon - - 618 11 li

June 19. Brigadier General Meyrick, to be paid to the Person who apprehended John Gibbons, - junior, of Wellport, upon a charge of High Treason - 206 3 8£

July 17. Earl of Clanrickarde, to be paid to the Persons who prosecuted the Murderer of William Brandon, Shepherd of M. Burke, Esq. of County Galway - 412 7 5

18. Lord Norbury, to be paid to the Persons who prosecuted to conviction, Cornelius Ryan, one of the Persons concerned in the Murder of William Price - - - - 206 3 8f

October 21. Edward Wilson (being, with £.162, 9.?. 11 d. net, paid from Vote of Credit) in full of the Reward for apprehending Charles Bradstreet, and to complete the Grant - -- -- -- -- 67 — 3x

1802: March 18. Brigadier General Meyrick, to be paid over to the person who gave Information by which John Gibbs was apprehended, being the Reward offered - - - - 103 1 to]

*7- Brigadier General Henniker, in repayment of Money advanced by him for the apprehension of Offenders in pursuance of the Lord Lieutenant's directions 351 16 1

*7- Major General Sir Charles Ross, to be applied in payment of Rew ards, by order of the Lord Lieutenant, for apprehending Offenders who have been Indued in the Gaol ot Clonmell (£.36. i s. j£d. paid on Vote of Credit) - 170 * 2 -2

July 20. Owen McDermot, Esq. one-third of the Reward offered by Proclamation for apprehending Patrick Kelly and two others, for robbing Colonel Dillons House, County of Roscommon 68 u. 6}

October 29. Reverend George St. George, the Reward for apprehending John Fennernan, convicted of tlx Burglary, &c. in Colonel Dillon's House, County Roscommon ► -f CO <0

December 16. Thomas Kemmis, Esq. to be applied in payment of a Reward for apprehending John Hacket and others, charged with Offences in the County Tipperary - 103 j 10J

16. More, a Reward to be paid for apprehending Gilllhanuon and others, charged with committing Offences in the County Dublin 46 18 4

Carried forward - «• - J£. 3.4-U 9

•y wh.it Authority.

Warrants from the Duds of the Treasury;

G rounded

on 11 is Majesty* Royal Letter, and the Warrant of the Lord Lieutenant

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

825

according to an Act of the 33d ye ir of Mis present Majesty, fkc______continued.

Savings.

£■ s. d.

*4>774 4 V

17 13 1

3*M H 7

201 10 i 1

M5 13 11

21 17 2’

83 10 4

267 4 10

H3 4 5i

74 3 >1

156 6 34

165 4

3.8+5 19

375 5 0

13 IO

Total Savings in each Clals. Application of Savings.

2,013 10 —

• James Earl of Cardigan, Keeper of His Majesty’s Privy Purse, on Account of the Savings remaining in the Treasury on His Majesty’s Civil List, between Lady-day. 1800 and Lady-day 1802, for the use of His Majesty, £.4,002. 6* 4-

£■32,52* 6 5 j By King’s Letter 3d, and Government Warrant loth July 1802.

Addition* in^each Clals.

Auditor Gen1' Odice 23d March 1805

Authority by which such Additions have been made.

The several Payments made on Account of such Additions.

Appendix, (No. 47.) 25* Apr continued.

Roden,

Audr Gen1.

Ireland, from the 5th day of January 1801 to the 5th day of January 1805; specifying the Particulars, and the-Warrants and the Amount thereof in the whole.

When Paid. Particulars. Sums. By what Authority.

■ £■ s. d.

1802: Brought forward - 3.412 9 ij

December 18. 1803: John Bell, Esq. to reimburse him Rewards paid, and Expences incurred, for discovering several (Menders, pursuant to Government’s Directions - 103 1 10

' March 5. Thomas and William Kemmis, to pay Rewards for apprehending John Murray and other Offenders, in the County Waterford, and Daniel Ryan and twelve other Offenders in the County Tipperary - 398 9 1

15. May 20. July 26. William Logan, to be applied by him in payment of Rewards and Expences for the discovering of Mail Robbers ----- Matthew Franks, Esq. for apprehending Denis Daly, William Dalville, and John Grady, three Offenders in the County Cork ----- John Bell, Esq. to reimburse him Expences incurred by discovering Offenders, be. pursuant to directions of Government - ----- era* 00 00 0 0 <0 -- 4" VO pH

October 22. 1804: March 1. June 20. August 4. Thomas and William Kemmis, Crown Solicitors, to defray Expences incurred in discovering and apprehending several Offenders concerned in the late Rebellion CO CO CO CO 00

Arm it and Borough, for Account of Lieutenant General Floyd, to be applied by him in the payment of the Rewards for the Discovery and taking of Corcoran, pursuant to the Proclamations of the Lord Lieutenant and Council -Charles Silver Oliver, Esq. to be by him paid to Mary Sheedy, John Sheedy, Mary McDonnell, and James Fitzgerald, in such Shares as he shall think fit, for discovering and prulecuting to Conviction John Dwyer, William Wallace, and David Wallace, concerned in the Murder of James Sheedy, and Robert Sheedy his Son; pm luant to proclamation - -- --John Duffey, for discovering and prosecuting to conviction Charles Fox and Bartholomew Quin, two of the i'ersons concerned in maliciously setting fire to the Dwelling-hoiile of Lord De Blaquiere, between the 25 and 26 May 1800, at Kihuihaid, County Cavan; Proclamation, 21 May 1800 - 1,030 18 618 11 i£ 206 3 8J,

December 14. March 3. Mr. Taylor, of the Chief Secretary’s (Mice, to reimburse him the like Sum advanced for payment of the Rewards for apprehending Timothy Brien and Daniel Brinan, two I’erlons charged with Offences against the Public Peace - -Thomas and William Keimnis, for payment of Rewards for apprehending Offenders - 206 3 8| 1,030 18 6J

July 21. John Bell, Esq. to reimburse him Expences incurred in discovering Offenders, be. - >4+ 6 7

£• 9.252 13 2j

Appendix,

(No. 48.)

29* Aprilis,

continued.

23d April 1805.

1

Roden,

Auditor General.

C^-

826

Appendix.

A.

Appendix,

(Nt» 48.)

teruiaucd.

8° Maii.

AC<!<MJ~NT5 of the Expenditure of the several Sums issued from the Treasury of Ireland, by Direction of Government,^ 1 Criminal Prosecutions, iii the Years 1801, 1802, 1803, and 1804., respectively.

No. 1.—An ACCOUNT of the Expenditures of the several Sums of Money illiied out of the Treasury of behind to Thom as Klmmis, Crown Solicitor for Ireland, for the Year 1801, to the 9th November , and to Thomas and William Kkmmis, Crown Solicitors for the City and County of Dublin, and also for the Leinster Circuit; fur Criminal Prosecutions and other Sums, directed to be paid; for the Years 1802, 1803, and 1804. lelpedively.

To Amount of Cods of Prosecutions, directed by the Attorney General at the Spring Assizes for all the C'ncutts in Ireland, for the Year 1801, including Lawyers Fees and Office

Fees, duly taxed and certified ......

The like Expences and Cods for the different Circuits, Lawyers Fees, for the Summer Assizes 1801, regui r r taxed and certified -

To Amount of the Cods of Proceedings in the Cicy and County of Dunlin, Lawyers Fees, Office f ee% which wete duly taxed and certified, and Expences of Maintenance of State Prisoners, for the year 1801 To Amount of Sums expended in the course of said Proceedings, and other Incidental Expences, as ascertained by Yourheis, and verified on Oath -To Amount of Colts of the Special Commission at Wicklow, Lawyers Fees, and other Expences in 1801, duly taxed and certified -

1802.

To Amount of the Cods of the different Prosecutions, as directed on the Leinder Circuit, Spring Affixes 1802, including Lawyers Fees, duly taxed and certified The like Expences and Cods for the Leinder Circuit, Summer Assizes 1802, including Lawyers Fees, duly taxed and

certified ......

To Amount of the Cods of Proceedings in the City and County of Dublin, for the year 1802, as directed, including Lawyers Fees, as taxed and certified, and the Maintenance and Expences of State Prisoners -To Amount ot Expences incurred in the course of said Proceedings, and other Incidental Expences, and Maintenance of State Prisoners, as verified on Oath - -

1803.

to Amount of the Cods of the different Prosecutions, as directed on the Leinder Circuit lor Spring 1803, including Lawyers and Office Fees, as duly taxed and certified 'To like for Summer Assizes 1803, as duly taxed and certified N

To Amount of the Costs of Proceedings in the City and County of Dublin, for the year 1803, as directed, including Lawyers Fees, and which were duly taxed and certified, and also for Maintenance for State Prisoners -To Amount of the Costs of the Special Commission at Waterford and Clonmell, including Lawyers and Office Fees,

taxed and certified ...... %

To Amount of Coffs of the Special Commission in Dublin, including Lawyers Fees and other Expences, taxed and certified ......

To Amount of Sums expended in the course of said Proceedings and other Incidental Expences, as ascertained by Vouchers, and verified on Oath -

1804.

To Amount of the Coffs of Prosecutions, a3 directed for the Leinster Circuit, Spring Assizes 1804, including Lawyers Fees, taxed and certified ......

*1 he like for the Summer Assizes 1804, including Lawyers lees and Office D°, taxed and certified

To Amount of Coffs of the City and County of Dublin, Lawyers fees and Office 1*ees, duly taxed and certified, and Maintenance of State Prisoners -

To Amount of Sums expended in the course of laid Proceed ings, and other Incidental Expences, ascertained by Vouchers, and veiified by Oath ....

£. d.

5,004 15 4 2,031 13 5

5,475 1 7

13,222 11 2

711 — 10

1,179 19 10 595 4 1®

4,011 19 3

5,356 * —

T. and IV. Ketrwiis,

C. Sol" for the Leinster Circuit, and Comity and City of Dublin.

No. 2.—An ACCOUNT of the Expenditure of the several Sums

issued from the Treasury of Ireland, by direction of Government, fa Criminal Prosecutions, in the Years 1801, 1802, 1803, and 1804, upon the Home Circuit.

Kildare.—Special Commission.

December 1801.

Amount ef Coffs of the several Prosecutions directed by the Attorney General, at a Special Commission holden at Naas, in the County of Kildare, on the 14th December, in the year 1801 -

Taxed and certified by the Deputy Clerk of the Crown of the Court of‘King’s bench in Ireland.

Amount of Sums expended at the said Commission for Witnesses Expences, Office Fees, Fees to Count'd, and other Incidental Charges, as ascertained by Vouchers, and verified by the Oath ot bie Crown Solicitor -

Total for said Commission - - £.

1,087 19 9 1,032 10 —

5,144 8 1 1,289 14 2

5,33o 7 6 2,371 5 10

L753 6

i, H3 6 7

6,922 15 5

5,885 6 3

HOME CIRCUIT.

Year 1802.

Amount of like Costs, for the County of Meatlj, at Lent Assizes 1802 -

The like for the County of Westmeath, at the fame Assizes -The like for the King’s County, at the fame Assizes -The like for the Queen’s County, at fame Assizes The like for the County of Carlow, at fame Assizes -The like for the County of Kildare, at fame Assizes -

All taxed and certified, in like manner, by the proper

Officer.

The like for the County of Kildare, Summer Assizes 1802 -No Prosecution at Carlow this Assizes.

The like for the Queen's County, fame Assizes -The like for the King’s County, fame Assizes -The like for the County of Westmeath, fame Assizes -The like for the County of Meath, fame Assizes

All taxed and certified in like manner.

Amount of the Sums expended at the several before stated respective Assizes, holden in the year 1802, for Witnesses Expences, Office Fees, Fees to Counsel, and other Incidental Charges, as ascertained by Vouchers, and verified, in like manner, by the Oath of the Crown Solicitor -

Total for said Year - -

SAME CIRCUIT.

Year 1803.

Amount of like Costs, for the County of Meath, at Lent Assizes 1803 -

The like for the County of Westmeath The like for the King’s County, at fame Assizes The like for the Queen's County, at fame Assizes The like for the County of Carlow, at lame Assizes The like for the County of Kildare, at fame Assizes

All taxed and certified, in like manner, by the proper Officer.

The like for the County of Kildare, at Summer Assizes 1803 The like for the County of Carlow, at fame Assizes The like for the Queen s County, at fame Ailizes The like for the King's County, at fame Ailizes The like for the County of Westmeath, at fame Assizes The like for the County of Meath, at fame Assizes

All taxed and certified, in like manner, by the proper Officer.

Amount of Sums expended at the several before stated respective Assizes, holden in the year 1803, for Witnesses Expences, Office Fees, Fees to Counsel, and other Incidental Charges, as ascertained by Vouchers, and verified, in like manner, by the Oath of the Crown Solicitor

Total for said Year - -

i i

203 9 f

453 17 I)

657 7 -1

,359 "I

114 n 3

229 10 7} 23 *7 8j 161 2 7j

4 4

200 l6 1

i#3 19 4 4 4 4 5i 9 77 '5 131 5

45 Geo.

Appendix.

827

■\cr,.urns of tin; Expenditure of the several Sums iffited f,

om

SAM E Cl RCU1T.

Year 1804.

Amount of like* Colts, for the County of Meath, at Lent Affixes 1804 -

The like for the County of Wefuneath, at the fame Assizes -The like for the Kind’s ('omits, at the fame Assizes *\ i;e like for toe Quten’s Coitniy, at the fame Atlizes -The like for the County of Carlow, at the fame Atlizes

All taxed and cei tided, in like manner, by the proper Officer.

Like for the County of Carlow, at Summer Atlizes 1804 Like for tin* County of Kildare, at fame Atlizes Like for the Queen’s County, at tame Atlizes -Like for the l\i A County, at lame Atlizes -No Prosecutinn at Mullingar this Atlizes.

The like for the County of Meath, at lame Assizes

All taxed and certiiiid, 111 like manner, by the proper ()twcer.

Amount of the Sums expended at the several before fluted lelpective Alii/es, hidden in the year 1804, for M itiidles Ex: cures, Office Fee?, Fees to Counsel, and other Inei-dent.nl Charges, as ah ei tainrd by Vouchers, and verified, in like manner, by the Oath of the Crown Solicitor

Dated 30U1 March 1805.

Total for said

y*

- -

£■ s. d.

10 6 8 5

17 11 —

76 6 0 \

174 9 6*

109 16 7

68 13 3}

49 7 5

101 10 11

91 12 8

43 6 8

1,007

2,850 10

John cV Arthur Ilill, Cnrirdu’l'u Pufluck,

('town Sulieitois, Flomc Circuit.

No. 3.—COSTS incurred to Mnfrs. Gordon and Hamilton, Crown Solicitors for the North-call Circuit in Ireland, for Criminal Profmitions carried on in the Years 1S02, 1803, and 1804, being from the Commencement of their Appoi ntment as Crown Solicitors.

By Amount of Law Charge.-, incurred in the Criminal fecutions carried on at the i-wend Atlizes within the North-east (h.cuit afoi el id, in the Sp/m . of the year 1802, as taxed uul cert. ied determined by the proper Officer By Amount c» Whirled for La wye. s Fee>, Witnesses Expences, and other Incident .1 Charges for Fad Spring Atlizes, as per Return made to the Treasury, and verified by Affidavit of the Crown Solicitor -

By Amount of Law Charges, incurred in like manner, in the Siiimnei of laid year 180*2, taxed and certified m like manner -

By Amount Incidental Difbui foments for said Summer Assizes, per Return made to the Treasury, and verified by Affidavit ot Crown Solicitor -

B*' Amount T.aw Changes, incurred in like manner, in the Spring of the year 1S05, taxed and certified as aforesaid -By Amount Incidental Dilbui fWm»nts for fan* Spiing Assizes, per Return made to the Treasury, verified by Crown Solicitor, in manner aforesaid ——

By Amount Law Charges, incurred in like manner, in the Summer Atlizes of the year 1SO3, taxed and certified a. aforesaid ——

By Amount Incidental Charges, for said Summer Assizes, p v Return made to the‘Treasury, verified determined by Crown Solicimr in manner alw eihid - - * - * -

By Amount Law Charges incurred in consequence of the Special Comonffinu In Id at Downpatrick and Cai rick-fergus, in and for the Counties of Down and Antrim, in the month of CAuJu r 18i>3 -

By Amount Incident d Charges conffiquent thereon, as per Return made to the Treasury, Aerified by Crown Solicitor as aforesaid - * -

By Amount Law Chan.es. incurred in like manner, in the Spring and Summer Assizes in the year 1804, taxed and certified by the proper Officer as aforesaid -By Amount Incidental Charges and Pifhurfements, for said Spring and Summer Alii/es, as per Return made to the Treasury, verified by Affidavit of Crown Solicitor as aforesaid ——

Dated 6th April 1805. Cordon \ Hamilton,

Crown Solicitors for the North-east, Circuit.

81

6

£■ s. d.

199 10 9

246 14 2

446 4 11

296 u 8

3H 6 3

6lO 17 11

898 15 7

656 14 u

*E555 10 6

449 7 2

364 13 3

814 5

1,385 5 1

2,769 18 4

4*155 3 5-j

1,340 4 3

1,119 6 . 5

•2,459 8

the freafury of Ii eland, for Criminal Prosecutions—

No. 4.—A M O U N T of the Cods of several Prosecutions directed to be carried on by His Majesty’s Attorney General of Ireland, on the North-well Circuit of Lifter, Spring 1802, to wit. '

Mifoellaneous Costs -• ,

Cofrs at Londonderry, for City and County -Nil Prosecutious at Litlord, in the County of Donegal, this Assizes.

D° - - at Omagh - - County of Tyrone - D*

D° - - at Enniskillen - County of Fernumanli D°

C olts at Cavan, in the County of Cavan -D* at Longford, in the County of Longfoid -

VMuch several Coirs were taxed and certified by the Deputy Clerk of the Crown of the Court of King’s Bench in Ireland.

Amount of Sums expended on the said Circuit for Witnesses Expences, l ees to Counsel, to Public Officers, and other Incidental Charges, asascertained by Vouchers, and verified upon Oath by the Crown Solicitor -

Total Expence, Spring 1802 - - £.

' The like of Costs for Summer 1802.

Miscellaneous Costs ......

At Londonderry Assizes -

At Litlord, County of Donegal -No Prosecution at Omagh this Assizes.

’ D° - - - at Enniskillen.

At Cavan -

At Longford -

Taxed and certified as aforesaid.

Amount of Sums disbursed on the fame Circuit for Witnesses Expences, Fees to Counsel, to Public Otiicers, and other Incidental Charges, at the said Spring and Summer Assizes, as aieertuined by Vouchers, and verified on Oath as aforesaid - - . - ......

Total Expenditure of the year 1802 - - £.

Amount of Costs of Prosecutions carried on by the like directions, on the fame Circuit, Spring 1803.

Miscellaneous Costs ——

Longford Assizes - - - - -'

Cavan D* ——

Enniskillen - -

On n Mi - - - J

Li fiord ——

Londonderry -

Taxed and certified as aforesaid.

Amount of Sums*expended on the fame Circuit for Witnesses Expences, l ees to Counsel, and Public Officers, and other Incidental Charges, ascertained and verified as aforesaid -

Total Amount, Spring Circuit 1803 - -

Amount of Colts of Prosecutions carried on by the like direction, on fame Circuit, Summer 1803.

Miscellaneous Cods ——

Longford Assizes -

Cavan I)® - -

Enniskillen ——

Omagh ——

Litlord -

Londonderry ——

Taxed and certified as aforesaid.

Amount of Sums disbursed and expended for Expence of Witness, Fees to Counsel, and Public Officers, and other Incidental Charges, ascertained and verified as aforesaid

Total Expenditure of the year 1803 - -

Probable Amount of Costs of Prosecutions carried on by the like direction, on the fame Circuit, Spring 1804, but which have not yet been furnished, owing to the late absence of the Crown Solicitor, in London, but which have chiefly been taxed by the proper Officer.

Amount Miscellaneous Costs

Londonderry Assizes - -

Lifford -

Omagh ——

Enniskillen -Cavan -

Longfoid ——

£■ •. d.

3 10 — 64 17 7

43 a i 149 2 IO

305 — 11

m 2

- - - - - *3 8 2 4

106 5 H

7o 15 7

- * - - - 194 3 10

- - - - - 39 17 —

- - * * - 140 8 1

Carried forward - £-

10 B

565 13 5

61 8p 139 >o 8 22 8 9

9 18 9

20 14 3

+13

~ J

1.233 »3 i£‘

15 16

16 —

45 H

80 5

93

70 — 89 19

5

6 *1 si

H

1

439 12

859 16 5

23 U 4

28 17 5f

44 17 9t

66 17 7k

52 4

193 10 4

42 4 a

350 16 3

1,662 19 7

641

Appendix,

(No. 48.)

8® Mail, continued.

828

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 48.)

8" Ma

continued.

Accounts of the Expenditure of the several Sums im.cd from the Treasury of Ireland, for Criminal Prosecutions

continued.

Brought forward -

Probable Amount Prosecutions and Proceedings earned on Summer 1804, by the like directions, on the fame Circuit, not yet made up or furnished for the fame real’on.

Amount Mifccllaneous Colts --*•

Londonderry Allizes ......

Lifford - - - - "

Omagh - -

Cavan -

Longford - " . "

Colts of Mifcelhneousaftd Civil Business, and Colts respecting Title to Grourtds on which public Works have been erected and are erecting on the North-weft Coalt -Amount of Disbursements and Expences of Witnesses, Fees to Counsel, and Public Officers, and other Incidental Charges in this year -

Total Expenditure for the year 1804 - - £. April 23d, 1805.

£■ s. d.

64I 7 h

21 13 7

28 H

33 3 "I

7 12 10

48 — 1

10 9 3

H5 9 —

995 13 o{-

1,901 16 9

Jos. Galbraith,

Crown Solr N. W. C.

No. 5.—An ACCOUNT of the Expenditure of the several Sums of ^loney issued from the Treasury of Ireland to Samukl Prenuikoast, Crown Solicitor for the Munlter Circuit, for Criminal Prosecutions, in the years 1802* 1803, and 1804 respectively.

SPRING ASSIZES, 1804.

The like Costs in and for the County and City of Limerick, for this Alli/es -

Like Colts in and for the Coufity of Clare -Like Costs in end for the County of Kerry -Like Costs in and for the County and City of Cork The like Expenditures and Incidental Charges relative to said several Prosecutions, at Spring Allizes 1804 -

SUMMER ASSIZES, 1604.

The like Costs in and for the County and City of Limerick, at this Allizes -

Like Costs in and for the County of Kerry

Like Colis in and for the County of Clare -Like Coffs in and for the County and City of Cork The like Expenditures and Incidental Charges relative to said several Prosecutions, at Summer Allizes 1804 -

L *- d.

141 18

86 2 99 17 2u4 5

1,306 14 3

280 12 —

98 H 8 26 19 4

347 9 4

1,460 3 2

Sami Pren(hrtrnjls Crown Solicitor for Manlier Circuit

No. 6.—Ax ACCOUNT of the Costs and Expence> for Criminal Prosecutions at the Suit of the Crown, in the Province of Connaught, in the years 1802, 1803, and 1804.

Amount of Costs of the Prosecutions directed by the Attorney General, at Spring Assizes 1802, in and for the County and City of Limerick -

The like Costs in and for the County of Kerry -The like Costs in and for the County and City of Cork

Amount of Sums expended in the course of said several Prosecutions, and for Witnesses Expences, Office Fees, Fees to Counsel, and other Incidental Charges relative to taid Prosecutions, as ascertained by Vouchers, and verified by the Oath of the Crown Solicitor ——

SUMMER ASSIZES, 1802.

Like Costs in and for the County of Clare at this Affixes Like Costs in and for the County and City of Limerick]

Like Costs in and for the County of Kerry -Like Colls in and for the County and City of Cork The like Expenditures and Incidental Charges relative to said several Prosecutions, at Summer Allizes 1802 -

SPRING ASSIZES, 1803.

Like Cods in and for the County and City of Limerick, for this Allizes -

Like Costs in and for the County of Clare -lake Costs in and for the County of Kerry Like Costs in and for the County and City of Cork The like Expenditures and Incidental Charges-relative to said several Prosecutions, at Spring Allizes 1803 -

SPECIAL COMMISSION,

Held 5th April 1803, for the County of Limerick.

The like Costs in and for the County of Limerick The like Expenditures and Incidental Charges relative to said several Prosecutions, at said Special Commission

d.

314 13

40 18 1

51 3 4

5i

536 12 10J

259

131

7 10

8 11

34 9

269 17

11

57° 9 1

87 6 1

87 12 2 259 10 9|

1,909 2 8

SUMMER ASSIZES, 1803.

Like Costs in and for the County and City of Limerick, for this Assizes -

Like Costs in and for the County of Kerry

Like Colls in and for the County and City of Cork The like Expenditures and Incidental Chargee relative to said several Prosecutions, at Summer Assizes 1803

78 14 4

439 2

To Amount of the Costs of the fevotal Prosecutions at the Suit of the Crown in the Province of Connaught, including the Clerk of the Crown's Fees, Lent Allizes 1802 -

Taxed and certified by the proper Officer.

The like, Summer Allizes 1802 ——

Taxed and certified.

Amount of Sums expended Spring and Summer Assizes 1802, Office Fees, Fees to Counsel, and other Incidental Charges

Total for the year 1802 - -

Amount of the like Costs in the Province of Connaught, Spring Allizes 1803 -

Taxed and certified.

The like for Summer Assizes 1803 -

Taxed and certified.

Amount of Sums expended Spring, and Summer Assizes 1803, for Office Fees, Fees to Counsel, and all other incidental Charges -

£ *• i-

307 12 8 142 6 —

396 16 10

846 15 6

5* 3 7 498 5 3

Total for the said year 1803

Amount of the like Costs in the Province of Connaught, Spring Assizes 1804, all taxed and certified -The like for Summer Allizes 1804 -

Taxed and certified.

Amount of the Sums expended Spring and Summer Assizes 1S04, Office Fees, Fees to Counsel, and all other Incidental Charges ——

4^7 >3 * 339 10 11J

603 — >0*

276 14 —

265 17 71

34* 9 5r

1.625 7 3

Total for the year 1804 - - £ ' »-500 5

The particular Itents of nil the foregoing Costs and Disbursements arefet forth in the Account thereof delivered iu by me, and verified as required t» the Lords of the Treasury.

3d April 1805. Arthur Dunn,

Crown Solr for Connaught

le

Appendix:

829

Geo. IIT.

An ACCOUNT of the Particulars of the Expences incurred for CRIMINAL PROSECUTIONS in Ireland, conducted

at the Expence of the Crown; from ill January 1795 to lft January 1801.

To Amount of Costs of Prosecutions directed by the Attorney General at the Spring Affixes, for all tfce Circuits in Ireland, for the year 1795, including Lawyers Fees and Office Fees, Expences of Wit-nelies, and other Expences, duly taxed and certified -

The like Expence8 and Cods for the different Circuits, Lawyers Fees and Office Fees, Expences of Witnesses, and other Expences, for the Summer Assizes 1795, duly taxed and certified -

To Amount of Costs of Proceedings in the City and County of Dublin, including. fey«ial Comm"*, Lawyers Fees and Office Fees, Expences of Witnesses, and other Expences, duly taxed and certified

To Amount of Sums expended in the course of said Proceedings, the Maintenance of State Prisoners, and other Incidental Expences, ascertained by Vouchers, and verified on Oath - - - ‘ -

d.

5,266-----

7,041 9 id

013 7 3

2,011 7 3

17961

To Amount of Costs of Prosecutions directed by the Attorney General at the Spring Affixes 1796, for all the Circuits in Ireland, including Lawyers Fees and Office Fees, Expences of Witnesses, and other Expences, duly taxed and certified ......

The like Expences and Costs for the Summer Assizes 1796, including Lawyers Fees and Office Fees, Expencts of Witnesses, and other Expences, duly taxed and certified

To Amount of the Costs of the Proceedings in the City and County of Dublin, for the year 1796, including Lawyers Fees and Office Fees, Expences of Witnesses, and other Expences, duly taxed and certified ......

To Amount of Sums of Money expended in the course of said Proceedings, the Maintenance of State Prisoners, and other Incidental Charges, as ascertained by Vouchers, and verified on Oath -

i, L357 i

5,268 9 7

3,556 1 3

6,113 lg ii

1797: . -

To Amount of the Costs of Prosecutions directed by the Attorney General at the Spring Assizes 1797, for all the Circuits in Ireland, including Lawyers Fees, Office Fees, Expences of Witnesses, u:id other Expences, as taxed and certified ——

The like Expences and Costs for the Summer Assizes 1797, including Lawyers Fees* Office Fees, Expences of Witnesses, and other Lxpehces, as duly taxed and certified - * -

9,3*9 1

12^247 18

To Amount of the Celts of Proceedings in the City and County of Dublin, for the year 1797, including several C< mm #, Lawyers Fees, and Office Fees, Expences of Witnesses, and other Expences, duly taxed and certified ——

9,7b 1 6

To the Amount of Sums of Money expended in the course of said Proceedings, the Maintenance.of State Pinoneib, and other incidental Charges, as ulcertained by Vouchers, and verified on Oath -

7,426 17

1798:

To Amount of the Costs of Prosecutions, directed by the Attorney General at the Spring Assizes 1798, for a]} the Circuits in Ireland, including Lawyers Fees and Office Fees, Expences of Witnesses, and other V xpences, as duly taxed and certified ——

Thr rl e Expences and Costs for the Summer Assizes 1798, for all the Circuits in Ireland, including Lawycis Fees and Office Fees, Expences of Witnesses, and other Expences, duly taxed and certified ......

To Amount of the Costs of the Proceedingsln Hie City and County of Dublin, for the year 1798, including Lawyers Fees and Office Fees, Expences of Witnesses, and other Expences, duly taxed and certified

To Amount of Sums of Money expended in the course of said Proceedings, the Maintenance of State Prisoners, and other Incidental Charges, as ascertained by Vouchers, and verified on Oath -

1799:

To Amount of the Costs of Prosecutions diieded by the Attorney General at the Spring Assizes 1799, for all the Circuits in Ireland, including Lawyers Fees and Office Fees, Expences of Witnesses, and other Expences, duly taxed and certified ——

The like Expences and Costs for the Summer Assizes 1799? for all the Circuits in Ireland, including Lawyers Fees and Office Fees, Expences of Witnesses, and other Expences, duly taxed and certified - - - ~ "

To Amount of the Costs of Proceedings in the City and County of Dublin, for the year 1709, including . Lawyers Fees and Office Fees, Expences of Witnesses, and other Expences, duly taxed and certified - . * * * " * "* *

To Amount of Sums of Money expended in the course of said Proceedings, the Maintenance of State Prisoners, and other Incidental Charges, as ascertained by Vouchers, and verified on Oath - , -

i3>4*0 7

5,115 8

5,253

r

6,111 14

6,827 9

3?399 13

4.275 6 12,517 —

6

2

3

3

7

2

6

1

9

it

1800: -

To Amount of Costs of Prosecutions directed by the Attorney General at the Spring Assizes 1800, for all the Circuits in Ireland, including Lawyers Fees and Office Fees, Expences of Witnesses, and other Expences, duly taxed and certified ——

The like Expences and Costs for the Summer Assizes 1800, for all the Circuits in Ireland, including Lawyers Fees and Office Fees, Expences of Witnesses, and other Expences, duly taxed and

certified

T® Amount of the Costs of Proceedings in the City and County of Dublin, for the year 1800, including Lawyers Fees and Office Fees, Expences of Witnesses, and other Expences, duly taxed and

certified -

To Amount of Sums of Money expended in the course of said Proceedings, the Maintenance of State Prisoners, and other Incidental Charges, as ascertained by Vouchers, and verified on Oath -

5,914 12 4

7»9«>7 11 5

7>013' 15 6 15.341 6 7

Appendix,

(!Co. 43.)

continued.

50 Juni

Th*' Kemmis.

830

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix, (No. 49.)

30° Aprilis•

ANNUAL ACCOUNT, made up to the 1 ft March 1805; containing the Amount of the Proceeds of the Sale of Goods and Merchandize of the EAST INDIA COMPANY in Great Britain*, and of their Commercial and other Receipts, Charges, and Payments in Great Britain, under the several Heads thereof; together with au Eiiiinate of the fame for the Current Year; and a Statement of their Bond Debts and Simple Contract Debts, with the Rates of lute rest they respectively carry, and the Amount of such Interest; and the State of Cash remaining in their Treasury, and other Etfeds, appertaining to the Company in Great Britain, and afloat.

Amount of PROCEEDS of the Sale of Goods and Merchandize of the Company in Great Britain, and of their Commercial and other Receipts, Charges, and Payments, in Great Britain, under the several Heads thereof; together with an Estimate of the fame, for the Current Year,

RECEIPTS:

Calli in the Treasury, lft March 1804 (Morning) £. *.

exclusive of Duty on Tea - - - 172,448 11 8

Company’s Goods fold - 5,73o,i32 >4 1

Private Trade Goods fold - - - 1,859,994 2 2

Charges and Profit on Private Trade 90,535 11

Customs - - - on - D° 64,166 2 1

Freight - - - on - D° 101,145 15 11

One Year's Interest received of the Bank of England, being the Company's Share of the Annui-

ties transferred to the Bank, agreeably to Ad

33 Geo. III. cap. 47. - - 36,226 15 10

Money borrowed of the Bank - 100,000

Money borrowed of Government out of Tea

Duties - - - 500,000

Bonds lftued ----- 979.500

Persons returned from India - * 18,494 7

• 0,652,64318 7

«ss=

PAYMENTS:

Customs -

Freight and Demorage

Goods and Stores exported - -

India Debt -

Bills of Exchange drawn from India

- - - D° ...... China

Bullion exported - -

Charges on Merchandize, including Supra-goes Commission, and Interest 011 Loans

Dividends on Stock, and Interest on Bonds

Bonds bought up and paid in on Sales -

Proprietors of Private Trade -

Pay to Marine and Military Officers on Furl and retired from Service - -

Almslioufes at Poplar -

Balance in favour, id March 1805 -

£■ *■ i.

- 229,857 17 2

- 1,332,855 8 21

- *>763.039 15 5

19,086 12 2

- 338,582 11 4

- 5i3>*49 16 3

- 1,538,649 10 —

■car-

- 804,919 11 6

- 705,462 5 2

- 4H,975

- 1,868,929 12 6

•ugh,

- 112,234 2 9

- 981 7 10

£. 9,640,623 11 —

12,q2o 7 7

£■ 9.652,643 >8 7

ESTIMATE of the fame for the CurrentYear, from 1 ft March 1805 to 1 ft March 1806.

Cash in the Treasury, lft March 1805 (Morning) exclusive of Duty on lea Company’s Goods fold, and to be sold £. s. d. 12,020 6,301,414 Customs ----- Freight and Demorage Goods and Stores exported - £• '• <*• 164,158 1,825,550 * 1,607,489

Ilonoui’able Board of Ordnance, for Saltpetre - 20,000 India Debt - - - 511,100

Private Trade Goods fold before 1 ft March 1805 Charges and Profit on Private Trade One Year’s Interest, at £. 3-per-Cent. per Ann. €71.,756: 150,000 Bills of Exchange from India and China Bullion to be exported - - - Charges on Merchandize, including Supra-car-goes Commission, Interest on Loans, Commercial ltelidents in India, Buildings, &e. *• 669.208 — — 610,400 —* 750,000

on /. 1,207,559- 154- the Company s Share of the Annuities transferred to the Bank, agreeably to Ait of Parliament - - - 36,226 Dividends on Stock, and Interest on Bonds Bonds advertised to be paid off 754,000 *5,5*7

Persons returned from India - 4,141 Proprietors of Private Tr^de ... 585,000

Government, on account of what due to the Company - * * 1,000,000 Pay to Marine and Military Officers on Furlough, and retired from Service - Warrants passed the Court unpaid - 112,000 63,000

8,195,557 Buyers of Tea returned - 971

Balance against, lft March 1806 - 62,836 — — Money borrowed of Government out of Tea Duties - 500,000 —

£■ 8,258,393 - . 8,258,393 —

A STATEMENT

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

831

Anneal Account respecting The East India Company’s Revenues-conf.W.

A ST A1 EM ENT of their BOND DEBTS and SIMPLE CONTRACT D E B T S, with the Rates of Interest they respeihvely carry, and the Amount o» such Interest; and the State of Calli remaining in their Treasury, and other Ededs appertaining to the Company in Great Britain, and afloat, on ift day of March 1805. 1 *

Appendix, (No. 49.) 30* Apr

continued

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

To

Bonds bearing Interest 4 , A

- I)’ not DJ

Bills of Exchange unpaid from China -

- * Du - - - - from India v ——

", " * " - - from India, on account of the Indian Debt -

Customs on Goods fold and unfold

the Bank, for a Loan 011 Mortgage of the Annuities that may be fold per Ad of 1788, a. £. 4-peri

c T , , , . Cent, per Annum -

- 1) - lor a Loan on Bond, a. £. 4-per-Ceut. per Annum - -

- I)0 - for Interest on the above Loans -

Government, borrowed out of Tea Duties ...... [

Freight and Demoragp -

Supra-cargoes Commission on all Goods fold and unfold -

Proprietors of Private Trade, on all Goods fold ......

Almshoufos at Poplar -

Interest on Military Fund, more than applied

DJ - on Contingent - - D° ——

what owing in the Department of the Committee of Shipping, exclusive of Exports -

- J)° — for Exports of former Seasons ......

- IP - - to the Warehouse Contingent Fund ——

Warrants passed the Court unpaid -

what owing for Teas returned by the Buyers, and refold -

Interest on Bonds ——

Dividends on Mock ——

Balance in favour

2,396.575

15,517

393,500

299,728 1 1,100 87,6*20

700.000

100.000 io>933

500.000

387.6oo

103>93°

585.000 66,563

6,650

994

*35,050 16,780 14,167 63,000

971

56,336

60,182

6,012,196 l4>43 M63 20,442,659

By what due from Government to the Company -

I#y Cash, its Balance on 1 It March 1805 ——

By the Amount of Goods fold, not paid for ——

By the Honourable the Board of Ordnance, for Saltpetre delivered -

By the Value of Goods in England untold ——

By Cargoes from England, not arrived in India and China at the dates of the several Quick Stocks By Exports paid for, exclusive of Bullion ——

By Silver exported this M.ifon, and remaining in the Treasury paid for -

By Impress and War Allowances paid Owners of Ships not arrived in England -

By the Value of Ships Sloops, and Vessels, exclusive of those stationed abroad -

By the Value of the East India House and Warehouses -

By what due horn Government, for Stores and Supplies to His Majestys Troops, as per Account drawn up, to 1 It March 1805 - - " - -

By what owing lrom binary Pei ions returned from India, and in India, to he repaid in England -

1,207,560 12,020 1,148,170 35>4°° 6,446,585 3,f 81,504. 1A7L509 822,750

45o.603

76,460

992,169

4,460,192

37.677

20,442,659

An ACCOUNT of New or Increased Salaries, Establiflmients, orjjensions, payable in Great Britain, which have been granted or

created between ift March 1804 and ift March 1805.

£•* 50

3°°

300

3°°

500

500

3,860

£. 6,010.

Increase of Salary to Mr. Wright, Auditor of Indian Accounts.

D# - - - Mr. Johnl'on, Examiner Indian Correspondence.

Annuity to Mrs. Maxwell, widow of Lieut. Col. Maxwell, His Majestys 19th Regiment Light Dragoons-- D* - Mrs. Stephenson, Widow of Col. Stephenson.

Pension to P. Brahaui, Esq. late Atfing Deputy Governor of Fort Marlbro’.

- - Captain Sir N. Dance.

Sundry small Annuities and Pensions to Officers retired, and Widows of deceased Officers, and Increase of Salary

to junior Clerks.

East India House, | March 27th, 1805. j

(Errors excepted.)

Cha* Carfxorighf,

Ai'rniinlunt flpnprfll.

The Account with Government has been under difeuflion, and the Principle upon which it is framed has been disputed, it being contended that the Company should bear the whole of some of the Charges, and part of others. The Company, on the other hand, claim to be allowed Indian Interest for the Expence they have incurred, upon whatever grounds the Account may finally be admitted.

R E T U R N to the Act of the 33 Gee. III. c. 53. f. 126. requiring certain Accounts of the Revenues, Charges, &c. of The East India Company, to be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

THE Accounts of the Revenues and Charges of Bengal, for the years 1803-4 and 1804-5, are not yet received.

East India House, Y Jf. Rainfap, Stc.

30th April 1805. J

jo C

832

Appendix

A. 1805.

Appendix, (No. 50.) 3°° Apr

ESTIMATE of the Charge of VOLUNTEER CORPS; from the 25th of December 1804 to the 24th of December 180-

both inclusive; being 365 days.

IN GREAT BRITAIN:

For the Pay, Ac. of V olunteer Corps of Cavalry, including the Periods of their being called out on Permanent Duty; upon Account 80,000-----

For the Cloathing of - D°; upon Account - - ...... 40,000-----

For the Pay, Ac. of Volunteer Corps of Infantry, including the Periods of their being called out on Permanent Duty; upon Account ...... -974,000______

For the Clothing of - D°; upon Account - - - . - . 6,000______

Charge.

£* A

120,000-----*

980,000-----

1,100,000-----

IN IRELAND:

For the Pay, Ac. of Volunteer Corps of Cavalry and Infantry; including the Periods of their being called out on Permanent Duty; upon Account -

For the Clothing of - - D*, upon Account

470,000-----

30,000-----

Total - - £.

500,000-----.

1,000,000-----

War Office, ) April 30th 1805. )

IV. Dund

Appendix, (No. 51.) 2* Mail.

Ax ACC O U NT shewing the Amount of the Sums wanting to complete Five Millions, granted out of the Monies that shall ard<

from the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund; for the Service of the year 1804.

Three Millions Forty-nine Thousand Four Hundred and Eighty-eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings and

Three Pence Farthinu.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 2d May 1805. j

IV. Ihl/kiJ

Appendix, (No. 52.) 3* Maii.

Ax ACCOUNT of the Sums paid to Neutral States or Subjects of Neutral States, or British Subjects in confluence of the Detention or Condemnation of Ships or Goods belonging to Neutrals; from the ill of January 1793, to the la^eli period the fame can be made up.

Amount of Payments by the Navy Board - - D* - - - by the Victualling Board

a

a

a

»S)

•7i

t a

fcD

to 5 — .2 a. ca

JO

o

o

u.

o

*TS

5

3

o

' _ . ... by Francis Moore, Kfq. Secretary to the Commissioners appointed under the 7th

Article of the Treaty with America, on Account of Awards made by the said Commissioners, and for Expences attending the Comniiiliun

- - D® - - - by Joseph Alcock, Kfq. on Account of further Sums awarded to b« paid under the 7th Article of the Treaty with America -

To Samuel Bayard, to discharge Claims awarded to be paid in consequence of American Captures

To George Baron dc Silverhjelm, Minister Plen* from the Court of Sweden, on Account of Swedi/h

Ships and Cargoes detained and fold ....

f To Andre de Gyliieiip;ilm, Charge des Affaires from the Court of Denmark, to be paid over to Danirti

Subject* for Vend* detained ......

To the Registrar of the Vice-Admiralty Court, to be paid to Claimants of several Neutral Vessels detained or illegally condemned

To Lord Keith, Compensation for Expences incurred in detaining the American Ship Argonaut -( To p],jiip AViJfou, of Philadelphia, Compensation for the Loss of the Ship Mentor and Cargo

To Captain Rnmva Dowyer, for Demurrage and Expences incurred in detaining the Swedith Galliot Joiige Pieter ' ' " ' "

To Jacob Tjakcs Drukker, Reimbursement of Expences during the Detention of a Dutch Vessel, whereof lie was M, liter

_ -p0 Jame8 Kingston, Esq. Compensation for.Expences incurred in detaining Vessels in the West Indies -

£. d.

1,255,871 6

443,449 -

126.378 7 ioJ

858,337 8 5

35,313 5 " 153,39 * 19

11,54* 7 —

6i,443 13 5

38,521 6 9

2,000-----

266 13 6

31 10 —

554 '4 8

:.o8o,747 1*^ 1

Whitehall, Treufnry Chambers, 7 3d May 1805. 3

TV. Ilujldjfbn.

TBX

1 ' . * J J

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

833

Appendix*

Ax A CCO U N T of the Quantity of BALL A ST delivered by the Trinity House to all Ships and Vessels in the River Thames, (No. 53.

for the lair Thirty Tears; and the Net Profit uriling therefrom; diiiinguilfiing the Quantity and Profit in each year, respectively 1—

Shewing ul/b, how much per Ton the Baiting and delivering the fame costs the Trinity liouife, and how much per Ton is paid for the 6° Mali.

lame by Alien Merchant Ships, BritifU Merchants in general Trade, and by Colliers. r I

Years. Quantity Delivered. Net Profit. Average of 5 V cars. Years. Quantity Delivered. Net Profit.

3'ons. £■ s. d. £■ d. Tons. £■ *. d.

*775 * - - 249,601 5,581 9 9 17 90 - - - 238,284 4,348 2 8

6 - - - 239*734 4,700 5 JO 1 - - - 270,004 3,453 12 2

7 " - - 243>i35 5>4r'° 1 9 2 - - - 260,519 4,715 17 6

8 - - - 214,146 3,7 < 0 1 3 - - - 264,927 4,8o3 8 —

9 - 194»43 2w52 7 6 4,501 6 9 4 - - - 268,059 5,03i 11 5

217,980

1780 - - - 4,020 11 5 5 - - - 250,308 4,162 18 1

1 - - - 2 18,421 3*847 14 3 6 - - - 251,566 5?9°9 16 9

2 - - - 201,394 3*843 8 5 7 - - - 227,312 U937 4 1

3 " - - 231,641 3*304 9 i 8 - - - 2 10,951 2,299 15 4

4 - " 217,021 4*552 — 8 3,913 13 9 9 - - - ' 201,307 907 17 3

5 - - - 233,960 4*503 7 8 1800 - - - 283,648 145 10 9

6 - - - 220,309 4,602 15 3 1 - - - 283,826 3,063 7 5

7 - - - *238, i U7 4,210 14 3 2 - - - 2.55,l66 487 3

8 - - - 248,284 5*44-2 i? 1 3 - - 254,701 1,056 11 9

9 - - - 4»7,4 2 6 4-^94 17 4 4 - - - 253,651 1,624 9 2

Average of 5 Years.

4,490 10 4

3.043 10 3

1,275 7

A C C O U N 1’ of the Coil per Ton of Railing and delivering Ballad in the following years; viz.

In 1798. ItcoftperTon - 13{

9 - D° - D° 16 k

l Soo - I)° - P° 15

] - D° - D* 14

2 - D° - D* 15 i

3 - D° - I)° 15 I

4 - D° - D° Hh

7) 8*. 8 d.

IS. 2d%

or nearly 1 s. 3 d. per Ton on an Average of me last Seven Years.

PRICES paid for Balluft to the Corporation of the Trinity Lome, as iixed by the Act ol’Parliament of 6th George the Second; viz.

Alien Merchant Ships - pay 19 per Ton.

British Merchant Ships - pay 15 - D°.

Colliers ...... pay 12 - D%

Coasters the lame as British Merchant Ships.

By Order of the Corporation,

Jal Court j

Clerk,

ACCOUNT of the Quantity of BALLAST taken by the Corporation of Trinity House of Depttdid Stroud, in their Lighters, out of Ve-ftels entering the Port of London, in each year, for the last Thirty years, whether such Vessels were partly laden, or in Balluft.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of BALLAST taken from the Bottom of the River Thames, by^he Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, in each year, during the last Thirty years.

14* Mali.

Y'ear. B a! last Unloaded. Year. Ballad Unloaded. Year. Quantity of Balluft raised from the Year. Quantity of Lai last raised horn the

Tods. I 6,801 j River. River.

-775 - - - Tons. 6>3^5 1790 - - - 1775 - - - Tons. 249,691 1790 - - _ Tons. 238,284

6 ... 7*55* 1 - - 5,056 6 - - - 239,734 1 - - - 270,004

7 - - * 12,869 2 - - - 6,632 7 - - - 245,135 2 - - - 269,519

8 - - - 8,738 3 - - " 6,095 8 - - - 214,146 3 - - - 264,927

9 - - - 12,901 4 - - - 8,384 9 - - - 194,430 4 - " - 26S.059

1780 - - 15,520 5 - - - 13,603 1780 - - - 217,980 5 - - - 250,308

1 - - - 13,89° 6 - - - 11,476 f 1 - - * 218,421 6 - - * 251,566

2 - - - 16,97! 7 16,149 I 2 - - 201,641 7 - - - 227,312

3 - - - 9,612 8 - - - M,907 1 3 ~ ’ * 231,641 8 - - - 210,051

4 - - - 7>7°5 9 - - - 16,559 - - - 217,021 9 - - - 201,307

5 - - " 6,988 1800 - - - 20,768 5 - - - 233,960 1800 - - - 283,648

6 - - - 7*^35 1 - - - *7>973 6 - - - 229,309 1 - - - 283,6‘26

7 - - - 7,120 2 - - - 21,969 j 7 - - - 238,147 2 - - - 255,166

8 - - - 6,065 3 - - - 16,610 8 - - - 248,248 3 - - - 254,701

9 - - ' 7,302 4 - - - 9 - - - 254,093 4 - - 253,651

By Order of the Corporation,

Court,

Clerk.

By Order of the Corporation,

Jet Court,

Clerk.

834

Appendix

A. 1805.

Appendix, (No. 53.) 14* Ma

continued.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of all the BAL LA S T which has been shipped from the several Wharfs on the River Thames, within the Jurisdiction of the Corporation of Trinity-House of Deptford Strond, for the lad Thirty Years; particularizing the Quantity shipped in each Year, and for which the said Corporation received One Penny per Ton; and distinguishing the Kind or Quality yf the Ballad so (Hipped.

Year. Dung. Soap Ashes. Chalk and Chalk Rubbifii. Year. Dung. Soap Ashes. Chalk and Chalk llubbish.

1775 4.770 899 8,268 1790 5,880 1,171 17,775

6 4,‘85 283 13,568 1 4,205 L535 18,985

7 3.880 295 18,462 2 5,395 3o 14,643

8 3>7<»o - 11,044 3 3,720 90 12,865

9 3.875 50 13.254 4 5,415 - 23,728

1780 4.740 410 11,483 5 5,845 60 47-547

1 3,755 M57 11,285 6 5,920 - 45,747

0 3,570 1,270 9,768 7 4,970 44,577

3 1,755 i*4l» 14,105 8 8,725 574 49,254

4 3,000 1,30% 7,912 9 5>825 1,005 61,848

5 3,615 1,194 11,070 1800 4,805 i»336 62,028

6 1,620 1,700 15,169 1 5,36o 885 61,928

7 2,055 L379 14,485 2 4,175 135 58,220

8 1,695 M57 15,564 3 2,785 - 62,420

9 5,613 1,566 16,760 4 4,025 60,281

By Order of the Corporation,

Jal Court, Clerk.

Appendix,

(No. 54.)

6# Maii.

(__________

An ACCOUNT of the Sum that will wanted to make good the Deficiency of the Vote in the last Session of Parliament, for the Officers of the Iioufes of Lords and Commons, and Serjeants at Arms, in the year 1804.

Three Hundred and Five Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 6th May 1805.

W. Hujkitfon.

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that will be wanted to pay the Salaries and Allowances to the Officers of the Houses of Lords and Commons, and Serjeants at Arms, for the year 1805.

Five 'fooufand Two Hundred and Ten Pounds,

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 6th May 1805.

IV. Hujkitfon.

An ACCOUNT of the Sum that will be wanted to make good the Deficiency of the Sum granted for defraying the Charge of Printing and Stationary for the two Houses* of Parliament, for the year 1804.

Three Thousand Seven Hundred Eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eleven Pence.

Whitehdl, Treasury Chambers, 7 '

6th May 1805. j v M

An ACCOUNT of the Sum wanted to complete the Expence incurred for -printing One thousand Seven hundred and fifty Copies of the fifty-seventh Volume of the Journals of the House of Commons.

Seven Hundred Fifry-three Pounds Eighteen Shillings.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 6th May 1805. )

An ACCOUNT of the Expence incurred in the last Session of Parliament, for printing the Papers respecting the Marhatta War, and the Returns relating to the Maintenance of the Poor.

Eight Thousand Three Hundred and One Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three Pence.

W

hitehftlb Treasury Chambers, 6th May 1805.

W. UuJkiJJbn.

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that may be wanted to defray the Expence of printing Journals of the House of Commons; for printing and delivering the Votes; and for printing Bills, Reports, and other Papers, by Order of the House, during the present Session of Parliament.

Twenty Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 6th May 1805. §

W. Hlt/kijQU.

An ESTIMATE of the Expence that may be incurred for Reprinting, in the proportion of Eight Volumes a year, of the Journals, Indexes, and Reports of the House of Commons, agreeable to the Resolutions of the Committee of the House, in the Stiliou 1802-3; for the present year.

Ten Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 6th May 1805.

U\ Iltjkijbn.

An ACCOUNT of the Sum that will be wanted to defray the Expence of the Purchase of Ground and Buildings in and near Saint Margaret1s-street, Westminster, for the purpose of erecting a Court-House for holding of Sessions of the Peace for the City of Westminster; and for the purchase of certain other Ground and Buildings, in pursuance of an A<d of the 44th year oi 11^ present Majesty's lleign.

Three Thousand Three Hundred Ninety-one Pound* and Four Shillings.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7 jy Hujkijfa1.

6th May 1805. j

An ESTIMATE of the Sum that may be wanted towards defraying the Expence of making an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Wdlern Sea, by Inverness and Fort William# k,r the year 1805.

Fifty Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers 6th May 1805.

IF. Hujkitfon.

Av ESTIMATE of the Sum that may be wanted towards repairing Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, for th* year 1805.

Ten Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 6th May 1805.

1

IV. Itujktf

Appendix

835

45 Geo. III.

An ACCOUNT of the Number and Amount of the STAMPS on LICENCES for killing GAM E in Ireland, from the ill of January 1801 to the 5th of January 1805 ;—distinguishing each Year, as well as the different Counties.

COUNTIES,

Antrim

Armagh -

Carlow -

Cavan - * -

Clare - m

Cork - A

Donegal -

Down -

Dublin -

Fermanagh - -

G&lway -

Kerry - -

Kildare -

Kilkenny -

Kings County -

Leitrim

Limerick

Londonderry - -

Longford -

Louth -

Mayo * -

Meath -

Monaghan -

Queen’s County

Roscommon - -

Sligo -

Tipperary -

Tyrone - - '

Waterford - * •

WUfftineath , -

\V exford -

Wicklow -

Totals

Stamp-Office, Dublin, May 14th 1805.

Year 1801. Year 1802. Year 1803. Year 1804.

Number. Amount. Number. Amount. Number. Amount. Number. Amount.

176 £ s. d. £■ >■ d. 1. d. £■ s. (L

- 400 8 — 261 593 15 6 145 329 17 6 188 427 14 —

- 58 131 19 — 82 186 11 — 99 225 4 6 84 191 2 —

- 102 232 1 — 131 298 — 6 ' 85 193 7 6 69 156 19 6

- 31 70 to 6 72 163 16 — 56 127 8 — 55 125 2 6

- 52 118 6 — 86 195 13 — 4<* 104 13 — 38 86 9 —

- 57* 1,299: 6 889 2,022 9 6 380 864 10 — 40l 913 5 6

23 52 6 6 8 l8 4 — 24 54 12 — 24 54 12 —

- 114 259 7 — 129 293 9 6 98 222 19 — . 147 . 334 8 6

- 6ll 1,390 — 6 658 1,496 19 — ' 432 982 16 — 60 a 1,369 11 —

- 51 116 — 6 69 156 19 6 58 !31 19 — 57 129 13 6

- 58 131 19 — 106 241 3 — 128 291 4 — 63 143 6 6

55 . 1^5 a 6 149 338 19 6 55 127 8 — 56 127 8 —

- 28 63 H — 28 63 14 — 5 11 7 6 47 106 18 6

- 154 350 7 — 204 464 2 — 132 300 6 — 171 389 — 6

- 17 38 13 6 48 X09 4 r 62 141 1 — 106 241 3 —

21 47 15 6 41 93 5 6 22 50 1 — 20 45 10 —

- 193 439 1 6 290 659 15 — 121 275 5 6 V49 33819 6

* 133 302 11 is 177 4 P2 13 6 43 97 16 6 151 343 10 6

- 73 166 1 6 67 152 8 6 85 J93 7 6 05 14717 6

- 112 254 16 — 165 375 7 6 26 59 3 — 122 277 11 —

- 43 97 16 6 . 60 136 10 — 16 35 8 — 42 95 it —

- 108 245 *4 — 118 268 9 — 51 116 — 6. 97 220 13 6

- 46 104 13 — 5i 116 — 6 40 91 —. .— 54 122 17 —*

- 83 1S8 16 6 164 373 2 — 62 141 l — 89 202 9 6

- 61 138 15 6 110 250 5 — 88 200 4 — 47 106 18 6

* 48 109 4 — 90 204 15 — 55 125 2 6 65 147 17 6

- 306 690 3 — 354 805 7 — 296 673 8 — 300 682 10 —

' 52 118 6 — 78 177 9 — 34 77 7 — 82 186 U —

- 107 243 8 6 209 475 9 6 83 188 i6 6 159 361 14 6

- 113 257 1 6 122’ 277 11 — 131 298 — 6 114 259 7 —

- 268 609 14 — 260 59i 10 — 108 245 H — 191 434 10 6

140 318 10 — x39 3i6 4 6 J32 300 6 — 103 234 6 6

,008 9,118 4 — 5,415 12,319 2 6 3,199 7.177 14 6 3,958 9,004 9 —

• Appendix,

(No. 55.)

20" Mail.

Richard Matins,

pro Secretary.

RETURN to Orders of the House, dated the 26th of April 1805, for Copies of the Orders given by the Lords of the Treasury to. Claude Scott, Esq. for the Sale of CORN and FLOUR> and also for the Sale of the Cargoes of the Neutral Vessels detained by the Order of Government in the Year 1795 :—And for Copies of the Accounts of such Sales delivered by Claude Scott, Esq. to Government; and also of all Accounts shewing when the Troceeds of those Sales were paid to Government:—And for Copies of the Accounts of Coni and Flour sold by Claude Scott, Esq. to Government, between the years 1795 and 1800; and also of all Payments made by Government to the said Claude Scott, on account of such Sales.

Appendix, (No. 56.) 26* Maii.

V- , —- 1 1)

Sir, Upper Gower-street, loth May 1805.

1 have received your Letter of the ad instant, requiring me to cause to be made out Copies of the Accounts called for by the House of Commons on the a6th ult*; viz.

" Copies of the Orders given by the Lords of the Treasury to " Claude Scott, Esq. for the Si.le of Corn and Flour; and " also for the Sale of the Cargoes of the Neutral Vessels detained by the Order of Government in the year 1795 :w 9 u Copies of the Accounts of such Sales delivered to Government 44 by Claude Scott, Esq.; and also of ail Accounts shewing •4 when she Proceeds of these Sales were paid to Government 44 Copies of the Accounts of Corn and Flour sold by Claude " Scott, Esq. to Government, between the years 1795 and 44 1800; and also of all Payments made by Government to 44 the said Claude Scott, on account of such Sales."

Itefpcfting the first Onder, I have to observe, that the general In-ft ructions under which I acted during the period therein mentioned, viz. in and from 1795 to 1800, were communicated tomfe, sometimes verbally and sometimes in writing, by the Right honourable the Lords of llis Majesty's Most honourable Privy Council, who were pleased, in the year 1795, to take upon themselves to give the orders for the sale and distribution of Corn, Flour, &c. &c. then in my hands, or that were atterwards received by me from neutral vessels or otherwise. The particulars of part of those Orders and Instructions were printed the loth November 1795, and presented to Parliament under the title of 44 Minutes of tliu Evidence, taken before the Committee of Counpil

Vql. 60.

44 for Trade, respecting Grain; and their Proceedings thereon—to which I beg leave to refer.

The Copies of the Accounts of Sales are now making out in detail; but as they are very numerous, it muff necessarily require a great length of time to complete them; when completed they shall be transmitted.

With respect to the third Order, I did not fell to Government between the years 1795 and 1800 any Corn or Flour whatever; excepting a Contrail with the Commissioners of the Victualling Office in January 1796, when I engaged to furnish that service with 50,000 quarters of Wheat from Poland. The whole quantity was delivered according to contract; and when each cargo was received into His Majesty's stores I was paid the amount thereof by a Victualling Bill, with the Discount of the day added thereto; but as the Discount was high, and as I omitted to stipulate to be allowed Discount on the Discount, I was paid near £. 3,000 Itfs than I should have received if the payments had been made in eulh (which by my Contract I ought to have received) instead of bills. This Contract came under the consideration of a Committee of the House of Commons in June 1797; which Committee was appointed 44 to examine the claims of some 44 Merchants for Losses fuffained by the importation of Corn."—1 beg to refer to the Report of the Committee, ordered to be printed aoth June 1797.

During the periods to which the Orders of the House of Commons refer, I purchased §n cmmission sundry quantities of Flour, Meal, and Oats, for different Departments under Government, for the amount of which I was paid in calli or in bills, according to the ufuaj practice of

10 D the

836

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix, (No. 56.) 20® Maii, continued.

Return to Orders of the House, for Copies of Orders given to Claude Stott, Esq. for the Sale of Corn and Flour, dec.—continued.

the respective Offices. I also fold on commission, during the fame periods* sundry quantities of Flour, Meal, &c. for the Commissary General, to whom I paid the N* Proceeds in due course. All these Accounts, whether for purchases or for Tales, have been furnished the several Departments to which they relate, and have long fmee been examined and parted. I mud refer to the Offices for Copies of such Accounts, if after this explanation they should be required.

In respect to the time when the proceeds of the sales, made by me under the Instructions of the Lords of Council or the Lords of the Treasury, were paid to Government, it may be neteflary to remind the Lords of the Treasury, that my transactions with the Treasury direct were so numerous, so intermixt, and so rapid in succession, that they neceflkrily constituted one general running Account, so that no payment made by me can precisely correspond with the speciffc produce of any particular sales; the dates of which it has not been considered as material to specify, payments having been made from time to time on account; nor ton such payments shew whether they did or did not anticipate my receipts of caffi.

Their Lordships will recoiled, particularly the then first Lord, as 'will Mr. Rose and Mr. Long the Secretaries, that I was from time to

time required by them, afad did frequently furnish for their inform*, tion, the bed statement which I was enabled to make of the probable aggregate situation of the whole transactions as to caih.

As I presume, indeed it is my earned dedre, that this Letter, ora copy of it, will be presented to the House of Commons, I subjoin as Extract of my Letter to Mr. Pitt of the 14th September 1795, together with a Copy of a Letter from Mr. Rose to me of the 29th October following; and also a Statement, diewing the dates of the Orders for Payments, and of the Payments made in consequence thereof.

Having given this plain and explicit relation of my transactions for Government, 1 am desirous it (hou)d be understood, that all the concerns were put into my hands to be disposed of on a del credere commission, which consequently made me answerable to Government for the N* Proceeds when called for, leaving the grofc amount of the sales to my own disposal, and at my own rifle.

I am, Sir,

Your mod obedient humble Servant,

(Signed) Claude Scott.

W. Hufltiffon, Esq.

Extract of a Letter from Claude Scott, Esquire, to the Right honourable William Pitt; dated 14th September *795*

u I beg, Sir, to acquaint you, that 1 shall be able to fumifli, in " September, October, and November, the sum of £. 250,000. out of M the proceeds of Wheat received from the Baltic, and of Corn, &c. " by neutral ships; £. 150/100. of which will be ready for payment " this month, and the remaining £. 100,000. in the proportions and u on the days in October and November you may please to direct."

Copy of a Letter frdm George Rose, Esquire, to Clauds Scott, Esquire.

Sir, Treasury Chambers, 29th October 1795.

1 am commanded, by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to direct you to pay, out of the monies you have received from the sale of Neutral Cargoes, to the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, the sum of Two hundred thousaird Pounds; and his receipt shall be your discharge.

I am, Sir,

Your mod humble Servant,

(Signed) George Rose.

Dates of all ORDERS received from the Treasury by Claude Scott, Esq. for the Payment of Money; an Account when, and to whom it was paid Commencing in October 1795, and continued to the end of the year 1799.

Dates of Payments. To Whom.

1795. October 29. Treasurer of the Navy

- November 3. - Mr. Turner

- December 3. - Paymaster General -

- - - 14. - - D° •

- - - - 18. - - D° -

- 1796. January - 9. -

- February 27. - - - D® - -

- - - - 28. - - D® -

- March - 30. - - . D*

- April - - 16. - - - D® -

- May - - 12. - - - D» - -

- June - - 5. - - - D® . -

- July - - 6. - - - D° - -

- September 15. - - - D® -

- October - 6. - - - D° •

- December 22. - - - D° m

- 1797. April - - 7. * Exchequer m

- - - - 15® - - - D° -

- July - - 4. - - - D° -

- Odaber - 5. - - ®- D® - -

- December 27. - - - D°

- 1798. April - - 3. - - - D® - -

- October - 3. - - D® -

1799. January - 2. . - - D®

April * - 2. - - - D® - -

July - - 4. - r - D# - -

October * 5. - D® '

Dates of Orders.

1795. October - 29. November 2. December 3.

- - - 9.

- - - 17-

1796. January - 9. February 26.

- - - 27-March - 23. April - - 12. May - - 10. June — 4. July - - 5. September 15.

- - - *3® December 22.

1797. April - - 6.

• - - 13*

June - - 19. October - 4. December 27.

1798. March - 31.

These Payments were made by a gen verbid Order -

London, May 16th 1805

(Signed)

Sums.

200.000

50.000

100.000

20.000

30,000

45.000

50.000

10.000

60.000

25.000

50.000

40.000

50.000

50.000

50.000

20.000

30.000

15.000

50.000

30.000

10.000

30.000

25.000

20.000

16.000

40.000

20.000

1,136,000

Claude Scott.

45 Geo. lit

Appendix;

837

Navy-Office, ) As ACCOUNT of the Sam remaining Unapplied of the Grant for NAVAL SERVICES for the Year 1800, on 31 May 1805. 3 the id of September in that Year; also, art Account of the Sums actually Paid for those Services in the Months of September, October, November, and December in the same Year:—And also, a like Account for the Year 1801.

1800:

Sam paid fot Naval Services in the Month of September - - - * r '

... D° - - - - D* - -- October -

... D* .... D® - -- November -

... D® - - - - D® - - - December -

c

Sum remaining Unapplied of the Grants for Naval Services for the Year 1800, on the ill of September ) in that Year - -

Sum Deficient

1801:

Paid for Naval Services in the Month of September -

... D* ... D® - - October

• - - D* - - - D® - - November ........

... D® - -- D° - - December - -

(am remaining Unapplied of the Grants for Naval Services for the Year 1801, on the ill of September ? in that Year -

Sum Deficient - -

£■ '■ d-i,33i»6*6 16 li i,510>,35 2 >4 1,091,963 3 6±

1,031,888 5 4

4>955»6i2 7 n4

3*33>«*3 1 T$

!,522,589 6 10.J

£■ >• i,2»9»933 11 io| 1,423,018 8 n| 1,010,657 13 5I 1,512,580 6 41

5,166,190 — 9 2,803,058 5 8|

2,363,13* 15 — i

A. S: Hamond.

W. Palmer.

F. J. Hartwell.

Appendix,

(No. 57,)

2i# Maii.

HEPORT from th* SELECT COMMITTEE on the Tenth Bepokt of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry; respecting the

Office of the Treasurer of His Majest/s Navy.

*tHE SELECT COMMITTEE to whom the Tenth Report Of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry (respecting the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy) was referred, to enquire into the Application of any Monies, issued to the Treasurer of the Navy for Naval Services, to Purposes not Naval; and whether any, and what Representations were made to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or the Chancellor of the Exchequer, respecting the withdrawing from the Bank, any Sums of Money so issued, since the passing of the Act of 25 Geo. 1IL c. 31.; and also into the Proceedings had for the Recovery of the Debt due to the Crown by the late Adam Jellicoe;—Have agreed to the following Report.

Irr taking into our consideration the Three Subjects which are re-ilrred to Your Committee, it occurred to us, that though the First, interms, comprehends an Enquiry, generally and without restriction, into the application of any Monies issued to the Treasurer of the Navy for Naval Services, to purposes not Naval; yet it must necessarily have been the intention of the House to exclude from our consideration ill such Monies so issued and so applied as were to be the subject of sneafnres which the Attorney General was directed, by an Order of thi House, to take " by due course of Law, for ascertaining and re-u covering any Sums of Money that may be due from Lord Melville u and Alexander Trotter, Esquire, in respect of any Profits derived 44 by them from Monies issued for Naval Services, and that may have M come to their hands subsequent to the first of January 1786 —

We, therefore, conceived it not to be our duty to enquire, whether any Sums issued for Naval Purposes had been applied by Lord Melville or Mr. Trotter to their own use, for which they would be responsible in the civil suit to be instituted against them.

In prosecuting our Enquiry with this reserve, it could not be previously known to us, bow any particular sum of money so issued had been applied, till such sum had boSn traced to the actual application of it. We were therefore necessarily, in some instances, led into an examination, which, without adverting to this difficulty, might appear to exceed the bounds of the Enquiry, which vre understood to have been prescribed to ns 5 leaving it to the* Party examined to object to the questions that were proposed to him, on the ground of their tending pesfonally to charge him, whenever he thought fit to do so.

Of the sums issued for Naval Services, and afterwards applied to Purposes not Naval, which the cause of this Enquiry brought into our view, it appears that the sum of £.40,000. came into the Hands of Lord Melville, and was advanced by the joint concurrence of his

Various foifts appear also to have been advanced by Mr* Trotter, during a period of between fourteen and fifteen years, whilst he was Paymaster of the Navy under Lord Melville, to the order of Lord Melville, amounting in all to 22 or £.23,600. which we shall distin-guifti by the name of The Aggregate Sum of 22 or £. 23,000:; about one half of which, Mr. Trotter states to have been advanced exclu-fively from Public Money: the rest from a fund, which is called in Mr. Trotter’s evidence, his Mixed Fund at Messrs. Coutts, confiding partly of public and partly of private money; for which Aggregate Sum of 22 or £. 23,000. no interest was paid.

Iu order to avoid confusion, it may be proper here to state, that Mr. Trotter was desired by Lord Melville to borrow for him, and did advance to him for his private use, a further sum of between 22 and £.23,000. of which he was himself the lender, and for which he charged him with interest at £.5. per cent.; but from what fond the fame was drawn by Mr. Trotter, we did Hot think it proper to enquire.

He was also occasionally in advance iii his Account Current to Lord Melville, in sums to the amount of from 10 to £.20,000. as mentioned in the Tenth Report, which came entirely from the Mixed Fund at Messrs. Contts and Company (the Balance upon that Account beiilg also occasionally in favour of Lord Melville to the amount of 2 or £.3,000.); and for the last mentioned sum of 22 or £.23,000. so lent on interest, as well as for such Balance when it was in favour of Mr. Trottfer, he states, that, he considered Lord Melville as his private debtor; but on such Balances in the Account Current, no interest on either fide was pffid.

Of the specific fom therefore of £.22 or £.23,000 so lent on inte«* rest, and those occafmnal advances in the Account Current from the Mixed Fnnd at MeflVs. Coutts and Company, mentioned in the Appendix to the Tenth Report, we shall abstain altogether from taking further notice; confining our remarks to the several sums of £. 40,000., £. 10,000., and the Aggregate Sum of 42 or £. 23,000.; upon none of which any interest was paid.

As to thfe £:40,oooo.; the diversion of it from Nava! Services to Which it was appropriated, contrary to the provisions and meaningjof the 25th of George the III. C. 31. attracted our earliest attention, and called for a full and minute enquiry into the causes and circumstancc6 of that transaction.

For this purpose, several Witnesses have been called before us; from whose evidence it appears, that in December 1795 a contract was made by Government with the Houses of Messrs. Boyd and Company, Robarts and Company, and Goldsmid and Company, for a Loan 0

Lordship and Mr. Pitt, then Chancellor of the Exchequer, for the use 1 £• *8,000,000.5 of which, in the beginning of the month of September

of the house of Messrs. Boyd and Company

Another sum of £.10,000. so issued, appears to have come to the hands of Lord Melville, previous to the Payniaftership of Mr. Trotter; but how it was applied, the evidence to which we have had the of* portunity of retorting, does not enable us to determine.

Appendix.

(No. 58.) 27* Maii.

1796, three instalments, of 15 per cent, each, were still due; and that about the month of April 1796, a Loan of seven millions and an half v was negotiated by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, in order to funa a sum to that amount of Exchequer Bills and Navy Bills held by the Bank; principally for the purpose of relieving the Company fronj^.

these

ie

838

Appendix*

,4 A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 58.)

Report from the Select Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—continued.

their advances to Government, which then pressed heavily upon them. That Loan was contracted for conjointly by the fame parties who were concerned in the preceding Loan; all, Houses at that time of unsuspected credit; each House being generally considered, subsequent to the payment of the deposit for which they were all jointly liable, responsible only for the amount of the ffiares then held by them re-speriteely. Of the latter Loan in the beginning of September 1796, two instalments, of 15 per cent, were due.

In the beginning of the year 1796, from the embarrassment of Public Credit, and the decreasing state of the specie at the Rank, the Governor and Directors thought it prudent to restrain their engagements; and upon that account had refuted advancing the progressive payments upon the Loan of December 1795; but in consideration of the purposes for which the Loan of April 1796 had been liiade, as well as of its being comparatively small, they consented to advance to the Contractors, and did advance, the third, fourth, fifth, and Hxth payments; requiring them to make the seventh, being the lait payment, which was to become due on the 26th of October in that year.

It is dated in the evidence given to Your Committee, that the autumn of 1796 was a period of peculiar embarralTinent, both of public and private credit; which led to the reftrtelions of payments in specie at the Bank, that took place in February 1797; that there was a very great run on private commercial houses, a great scarcity of money, and a very heavy prelTure on the Bank for discounts, which they had been obliged materially to narrow, and had thought it ne-celfary to contract their accommodations both to Government and the Commercial World, not however making any distindion between the house of Boyd and Company, and houses of the first mercantile credit in the City of London.

Under these circumstances, at some time before the gth of September 1796, Mr. Boyd appears to have represented to Lord Melville and Mr. Pitt, the great pecuniary difficulty and embarrassment of his house; that the Bank had refuted to discount their bills, and that, with ample Securities in their hands, they were not enabled to raise money to pay the next inHalment on the Loan, which was nearly due, and requested immediate pecuniary affiltance for the purpose of completing their engagements to Government.

It appears to Your Committee, that in addition to these engagements to Government, Messrs. Boyd and Company had large payments to make on account of the Emperor of Germany; that they paid, on the 3ill of October 1796, a sum of £. 186,340. 13. 1. on account of the Director of the Emperor's Finances at Vienna; and that, in the whole of the same year, they remitted, on the fame account, sums amount-% ing to £.4,609,506. 9. o. It appears also in evidence, that it would have been difficult, and perhaps impossible, for Messrs. Boyd and Company to have procured advances upon the securities in their possession (which we shall hereafter mention) or to have converted them into cash; that a payment of 15 per cent, on the Loan of £. 18,000,000. was due on the 9th of September; and that, had they brought to market such a proportion of their Scrip, as was necessary to raise the said sum of £.40,000. in order to make good their engagement, the probable consequences would have been, to increase the discount on Scrip, which at that time amounted on the Loan of April, from 13 to 15 per cent, to uffed injuriously the credit of Boyds house, especially if it had trailfpired that their necellities compelled them to make such disadvantageous fates, and mull thereby have had a general tendency to augment the embarrassinent of Public Credit.

It has also been Hated in evidence to Your Committee, that if a failure in the Loans then in progress of payment, had been ocealioned, either in the whole or in part, by the circumstances above Hated, the deficiency could not have been supplied by a fresh Loan (had it been necessary to resort to such a measure) except upon terms of very con-Hderable loss and disadvantage to the Public.

Under these difficulties, Lord Viscount Melville, then Treasurer of the Navy, appears to have fuggeHed to Mr. Pitt, that the lum wanted by Messrs. Boyd and Company, might be spured, without a probability that the Naval Service would fuller any inconvenience from the advance, provided there was a sufficient security for the repayment; and no other method having occurred, by which much serious mischief to the Public could be prevented, it was thought advisable, by the concurrent opinions of Lord Melville and Mr. Pitt, that the application of Messrs. Boyd and Company should be complied with, and that the sum of £.40,000. should be advanced, upon a sufficient security being given. And it appears in evidence, that, under the orders of I.oid Melville, the sum of £.40,000. was drawn from the Bank, and on the fame day paid over to Mr. Boyd, by Mr. Long, then Secretary of the Treasury, upon Mr. Boyd’s depositing with Mr. Long, securities amounting to about £.40,700. confiding, in part of bills drawn on and accepted by the Kail India Company from their Presidencies abroad, the rest of Government Securities, which Mr. Long tranlinit-

*7* Mail,

continued.

ted to Lord Melville, indorsing upon the cover the purpose for which the securities had been so deposited; that the said lum of £40,000. had been all repaid; and that, with the exception of two bills on the East India Company, one for £.4,000. payable in October 1707, the other for £.7,000. or thereabouts, payable in January 1708, all the reH of the securities were payable within three months from the time of the deposit.

AVe do not find that any regular entry or memorandum, either of a public or secret nature, was made of this tranlariion at the tune; the ill lie of the £.40,600; appearing on the books of the Bank, not discharged by any correspondent payment on the books of the Pav Olhce, this advance mull at all times have been evident upon an iniperiionof the balances as a debt againH the Treasurer of the Navy; but noentry seems to have been preserved, which would in itself have explained the application of this advance (independent of the evidence of the parties more particularly after the securities were'discharged and the funds replaced.

In the course of our examination into this subjetl, we thought it proper to enquire, whether in fatt any inconvenience had been sustained by the Naval Service, in conleqtience of the diversion of this portion of Naval Money; and were more particularly lcjd to this enquiry, by the information, that an accepted, bill for £1,000. drawn upon the Victualling Office, from Martinique, had been presented for payment, and that on the 18th of February 1797, the day it became due, the holder of it was told at the Victualling Office, there were no effects, or some thing to that purpose; that there were many other bills in the fame situation, and he mult call again; and that the bill was not paid till the ill of March, though he had sent it two or three times for payment in that interval.

Upon further enquiry at the Victualling Office, it appears, that on the 9th of February 1797, the Vinitialling Office applied for a full of £.70,000. at the Exchequer, for the payment of several bills, ’.n which the bill in question was included; that on the ‘25th of the lama month £. 47,000. was received in part of the £. 70,000. for that purpose; and that on the fame day the said bill, with many others, was assigned for payment, and would have been discharged on that day, or as soon after as payment had been called for. In this in fiance the delay of the assignment, and consequently of payment, appears to have arisen from a delay in the issues from the Exchequer, and not from a refusal of payment on the part of the Treasurer of the Navy; nor has it appeared in evidence, that any delay of payment has been actually occasioned in other branches of the Naval Service by the advance in question, however such a practice might in possible cales have been productive of a different result.

No interest was demanded from Messrs. Boyd and Company for the money so advanced, and so repaid; but it is to be observed, that no intereH would have accrued to the Public had the above sum remained in the Bank in conformity to the provisions of the Act.

As to the sum of£. 10,000. it appears in evidence that upon Mr. Trotter’s appointment to the Office of Pay mailer in the year 1780, he was informed by Lord Melville, that lie, Lord Melville, was indebted to the Office in the sum of £. j 0,000. At what time, under what circumstances, and for what purpose, this sum of £ 10,000. originally came into the poHession of Lord Melville, the death of the preceding Paymaster, the absence of all public documents relating to it, and the want of any other evidence, prevents us from ascertaining; and we can therefore only Hate, that this sum was replaced, but without interest, some time subsequent to the year 1786; but the parti* cular time and manner of the re-payment we have not been able to discover.

It appears also in evidence, that upon Mr. Trotter succeeding to the Office of Paymaster, he was appointed Private Agcut to Lord Melville; and was during his continuance in that office in the habit of receiving his Hilary as Treasurer and other branches of his income arising in England, as well as frequent remittances from Scotland; and that the sums received by him on Lord Melville’s account, wer® paid into the Mixed Fund at Messrs. Coutts; that during the fourteen or fifteen years of his being Paymaster, he at various times advanced various lums of money on account of Lord Melville to Mr. Tweedy and to other persons, amounting to another sum of about 2*2 or £23,000. being the said Aggregate Sum before-mentioned; that the lums paid to Mr. Tweeuy amounted once or twice to 3 or £.4,000.; that of the said Aggregate Sum of 22 or £ 23,000. about one half was advanced exclusively from the Public Money; the.rest from the Mixed Fund at Messrs. Coutts, where all his private money was kept; and that the whole has been repaid, but without any interest.

At what specific periods these several sums were paid hv Mr. Trotter, or lepaid by Lord Melville, we are unable to find out; all the vouchers, memorandums, and writings relating to the traiilactions and accounts between them, having been dcitroytcl about the time,

wheii

r

4o Geo. 111. Appendix,

Report from the Sole# Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—continued.

■r ——

when relcafes, containing a covenant for that purpose, were mutually executed upon the leUlement of their uicoUnts, viz. by Lord Melville on the 18th February 1708, at Melville Cattle, and by. Mr. Trotter on the 23d of February 171)8, in London. Mr. Trotter states, that he also doiiroyftd all the hooks in which the* accounts between Lord Melville and himself were kept, and which contained the accounts of other persons betides those between Lord Melville and Mr. Trotter; but which had all been doled, except some lin ill accounts between Mr. 1 rotter and his friends, which he carried forward into new Looks.

From the destruction of lueh books and papers* from the death of Mr. Tweedy, and from want of an opportunity of examining Lord Mclviile, no means were afforded to us of tracing the precise application of the various sums lb advanced from time to time to Lord Melville’s order, and which formed the said Aggregate Sum of 22 or £.23,000.; or which of these sums specifically were taken from the Public Money, and which of them from the Mixed Fund; or in what proportion the turns that might be taken from the Mixed Fund con-lilted of public and what of private money.

It appears however that Mr. Pitt, in a conversation with Lord Melville, since the publication of the Tenth Report, understood, that Lcfides the said Sum of £. 40,000. another sum of about £.20,000. jliued for Navy Services, had been applied to purposes not Naval, during the lall Treasurership of I xml Melville; but whether the above lum of £. -20,000. was or was not included in any of the sums hereinbefore mentioned, we are unable to ascertain.

In a Letter written by Lord Melville to the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, dated 30th June 1804, contained in the Tenth Report, he Hates, that he had not declined to give occasional accommodation from the funds in the hands of the Treasurer of the Navy to f>ther le.vices; and in another letter to the said Commissioners, dated 28th March 1805, he declares he never knowingly derived any advantage from any advances of Public Money.

Upon the Second Head of Enquiry referred to us by Your Order, videlicet. Whether any, and what Uepresentations were made to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, or the Chancellor of the Exchequer, respecting the withdrawing from the Rank any Sums of Money lo issued, since the passing of the A cl of the 25th Geo. liL c. 31.; Your Committee do not had that any such representations h ive been ever made to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, nor any fr.ch representations to the Chancellor of the Exchequer; except what is fluted in the evidence annexed of Mr. Ituikes, and is admitted in the evidence of Mr. Pitt: from whence it appears, that sometime in the year 1797, Mr. ltaikes, at that tune Governor of the Bank, had occasion lo hold an ofheial intercourse with Mr. Pitt by the authority of the Bank; and that when the official business was over, in cnnfpquence of information which he had received from Mr. Giles and Mr. Newlund, lie told Mr. Pitt, in conversation, of his having heard at the Bank that morning, that the Treasurer of the Navy now* kept cash at Messrs. Coutts and Company’s, and that Navy Bills were paid by drafts on Messrs. Coutts and Company, instead of drafts upon the Bank; and that Mr. Pitt thanked him for the information; that the above was the purport of the communication to Mr. Pitt, though the length of time that had intervened prevented his being sure as to the terms of it.

Mr. Pitt admits the general import of the communication, with some difference only as to the terms of it; which he does not undertake to recoiled with accuracy, but hates it in fubflunce to have conveyed to him an impression, that sums were drawn from the Bank and carried to a private Banking House, to a larger amount than was supposed necefliiry; that he took an early opportunity of fluting to Lord Melville, the information given him by Mr. Raikcs; and though he cannot slate precisely what further puffed between himself and Lord Melville upon the subject, it impress’ed him with a belief, that though sums were drawn from the Bank, and lodged at a private Banking House, no sums were so transferred, but such as were neceflhry to carry Oil the details of the service inpayment to individuals; and thal it was difficult to carry on the various payments in detail in any other Way; that lie did not himself particularly advert to the provisions of the Ad, nor did it occur to him, that drawing from the Bank such sums as were necessary for carrying on the details of service, was an Illegal practice; that relying on the opinion of Lord Melville, he made no invefugation into the necessity, of the practice, and was so

futisfled with the general flutement given to him, that he did not think it necessary to communicate the circumstance to any other of His Majesty's Servants, to make any further enquiry, or to take any further flops upon the subject; that he, Mr. Pitt, had no knowledge or information of any irregularity in the management of the Public Money advanced for Naval Services, except from such communication of Mr. Raikes, till he was acquainted, after he was out of office, by Lord Harrowby, that he, Lord Harrowby, thought the practice which prevailed in this respect had been irregular, and was taking fieps to put a flop to it. That he, Mr. Pitt, hud po knowledge or

VOL, 60.

reufon to susped any private profit was made of the Naval Money, or that the business of the Office was so conducted as to admit of it, till the convex fation with Lord Harrowby; nor hud he any knowledge that private profit had in fad been fnade, nor that any Naval Money, ex- copt the £. 40:000., had been diverted to purposes not Naval, previous to the tuquiry that took place before the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry; and Lord Harrowby, in his evidence before us, flates, that it did not immediately appear to him, lot the reasoni given in ids evidence, when he was appointed Treasurer of the Navy in June 1800, that the practice of drawing money from the Bank into the bauds of a private Banker, if carried on bona fide for the purpose of official convenience, and for those only; was neceflaiily illegal, or intended to be prohibited by the Ad.

Upon the luff subject of the Enquiry referred to us, as to the proceedings had for the recovery of the debt due to the Crown by the late Adam Jellicoc; it appears, in the 10th Report, p. 159, and the evidence in the Appendix to the Report therein referred to, that the property of the late Mr. Adam Jellicoe returned by the inquisition taken upon the extent ifi’ued iff August 1789, had all been fold, and the proceeds carried to account, long antecedent to the Writ of Privy Seal dated 3 iff May 1800; except the patent of Mr. Cort, a farm at Sheffield, a warehouse and wharf at Gosport, and a messuage at Portsmouth Common; all which remain still unfold.

It appears also, that the sum of £.4,000; was due to Mr. Adam Jellicoe from his son Mr. Samuel Jellicoe; who in his evidence before the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry flates, that sum to have been advanced to him by his father upon his entering into business, but that it appeared as a debt clue from him on his fathers books.

As to the patent, it does not fetm that any opportunity haflr occurred, though endeavours have been used, to make it available to any profitable purpose; the farm at Sheffield has been taken possessfon of by the mortgagee.

As to the warehouse and wharf, which was valued in the inquisition at £. 1,000., it has been let to Mr. Samuel Jellicoe, at the rent of£. 100. a year; on the 23d of September 1791, £. 150. and on the 21 It May 1800, £.875. for ten years and a quarter’s rent for the said wharf and warehouse, was paid by Mr. Samuel Jellicoe to Mr. Trotter, on account of the Treasurer of the Navy; and as to the £.4,000. it appears that Samuel Jellicoe, not being able to discharge the debt, an agreement was entered into, either between him and Mr. White, or between him and Mr. Trotter, that he should pay it by instalments of £. 200. a year; and that, on the fame 23d September ] 791, £. 300. and 011 the fame 2iff May 1800, £. 1,750. Was paid to Mr. Trotter, for the instalments that became due to the 31 ft March 1800.

As to the messuage at Portsmouth Common, let at £.12. a year, no rent seems ever to have been received from it, nor any proceedings had relative to it, subsequent to the extent and inquisition:—< Since the said 21st of May 1800, no rent for the wharf and warehouse, nor any further instalments on the £. 4,000. have been paid, nor any meafiires adopted for the recovery thereof.

Mr. Pitt, who in May 1800 was Chancellor of the Exchequer, but who went out of office early in the year ensuing, in his examination before ua, states, that he understood sufficient directions had originally been given to the Solicitor of the Treasury to take all measures necessary for the purpose; and Mr. White. Solicitor to the Treasury, who was employed on the occasion in the year 1798 by Mr. Trotter on behalf of the Treasurer of the Navy, admits that the instructions he received were the inllructions usually given on similar occasions, and that under those original instrudious, without waiting for further orders, he thought it his duty to proceed, whilst there were any viftble effects from which hopes could be entertained of recovering any farther sums in discharge of the balance due from Mr. Jellicoe to the Public; he also Hates, that though he had received such general instructions as are before-mentioned, yet he thought himself charged only with conducing the law proceedings, and that he understood Mr. Trotter had taken upon himself to examine into the state of the property of Mr. Jellicoe that was recoverable, and had employed persons for that purpose; and Mr. Trotter appears lo have collected such parts of the debts and property of Mr. Adam Jellicoe as he had an opportunity of obtaining, till Lord Melville had procured the writ of Privy Seal; who being thereby indemnified from the charge that stood against him on account of Mr. Jellicoe’s deficiency, Mr. Trotter no longer considered himself under the necelfity of acting in the business in which he had before acted without any particular authority or obligation; and Mr. White not having heard of the writ of Privy Seal till after the examination that took place before the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, and having received no directions either from Mr. Trotter or any other person since the year 1792 or 1793, has not from that period taken any steps whatever relative to the subject; but adds, the rents due may be now recovered; and Mr. Trotter was not able to recoiled any debts due to the late Mr. Adam Jellicoe that' he confide red as recoverable.

Appendix, (No. 5S.) 27* Kaii,

continued*

-—'

840

Appendix.

A. 1085,

Appendix,

(No. 53.)

27* Mail.

continual*

Report from the Selcll Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry continued.

__________ ——— — -- -*-----

Your Committee, duly considering the reference under which their powers are derived, have not felt themselves at liberty to come to any specific refutations on tim merits of the several transactions which have been the subjects of their Enquiry; they have deemed it even more confident with their duty, to abstain from observations, which might fecin to convey a judgment upon any of the points inquestion.

They have endeavoured to give tLe IJoufe a correct summary of the material parts of the evidence, confining their remarks ftrilUy within the limits of explanation; leaving the conclufious to be deduced therefrom altogether to the wisdom of the House :—But have

thought it right to annex, in the Appendix, the whole of the evidence taken before them; considering this course of proceeding, under all the circumstances, as likely to prove more satisfactory to the House, than if they had omitted those parts, which, upon a minute review, they might have thought not immediately relevant to t’ie object of enquiry; trailing, that if in any instance the examination should appear to have exceeded the ftrid line of investigation prescribed to them, it will be attributed to the desire they have felt to execute, in the fullest manner, the duty intruded to them by tht House.

MINUTES OF EVIDENCE, p.840 to 867 :—Viz.

Alexander Trotter, Esq. - p. 840. John Swaffield, Esq. - - * * p. 8591

Charles 'Tweedy, Esq. - - 846. James Drummond, Esq. * 860.

Thomas Lloyd, Esq. - at 803.

The Right honourable Charles Long - 848. Osborne Standeri, Esq. * m m ibid.

The Right honourable William Pitt *- 850. The Right honourable Lord Glenbervie m A ibid.

Thomas Raikcs, Esq. - - CO to 00 The Right honourable George Role A m ibid.

Samuel Thornton, Esq. - - 855. Joseph White, Esq. , m A 864.

George Barclay, Esq. - - - 857. Charles Bicknell, Esq. - - - m 86$.

Abraham Goldsmid, Esq. - - ibid. Charles Innis, Esq. * A A ibid.

George Swaffield, Esq. - - ibid. Charles Small Pybus, Esq. - - m * A ibid.

Thomas Ripon, Esq. - - 858. The Right honourable John Smyth - m ¥ 866.

John Spottifwoode, Esq. - - ibid. John Marsh, Esq. - ibid.

David Robertson, Esq. - - - ibid. Abraham Newland, Esq. ibid.

The Right honourable Lord Ilarrowby * * 859* Sir Andrew Snape Hamond, Bart - A ibidI

' APPENDIXES:

Appendix

(A.)—Report of Conference with the Lords, on the subject of permitting Lord Melville to be examined - - p. 867.

(B.)—Letter from Mr. Drummond to the Chairman of the Committee; in explanation of Evidence - ibid.

(C.)—Letter from Mr. Innis to the Chairman of the Committee; in explanation of Evidence - 868.

(D.)—Letter from the Commissioners of the Navy to the Chairman; concerning Books and Documents respecting Bills due, 6c c. - -- -- -- - ibid.

(E.)—Extrad from the Calli Books of Boyd, Benfield, and Co. - ...... - - ibid.

(F.)—Writs of Privy Seal, from the Year 1760-to the present time; for passing and auditing Public Accounts, and for dise barging Accountants - -- -- -- -- - ibid.

(G.)—Half Pay to Officers of the Navy, paid in the Second Treasurerlbip of Lord Melville—New Account - 869.

(IL)—Dates of the Payments on the Loans of November and December 1795, and April 1796 - ibid.

(1.)—Rcleafe between Lord Melville and Mr. Trotter, February 1803 - ibid.

(K.)— Extrad from the Books of the Bank of England of all Drafts paid to the Order of Mr. Trotter, See. in August, September, and October 1796 - -- -- -- - 870.

(L.)—Money received and paid by the Treasurer of the Navy, on the Head of 44 Victualling," from the ill to the 14th

April 1805 ...... 871.

(M.)—Receipts and Payments of the Treasurer of the Navy, between the ift and 31ft January 1798 - - ibid.

(N.)—Treasury Minute; respecting Pay mailer and Treasurer of the Navy ----- 87a.

(O.)—Scheme; applicable Balances in the hands of the Treasurer of the Navy ----- ibid.

(P.)—Letter from the Commissioners of Victualling, introducing Three Accounts of Victualling Bills which became due in

1796, 1797* 1798, &c ...... 873.

MINUTES OF EVIDENCE.

The Examination of Alexander Trottf.r, Esq. taken before the Committee on the Tenth Naval Report, 3d May 1805.

STATE to the Committee what Sums were applied to services not Naval, of the Monies issued for the Service of the Navy under the Treasurerlbip of Lord Melville, to what amount, and at what time?— Lord Melville never gave me any information upon the application of Monies issued under such circumstances, and I only judge of the Turn alluded to having been applied to other services, from the circumstance of its having been returned by a person ailing in another department of Government.

What was that Sum ?—£. 40,000* as far as I am informed; it was not issued by me.

By whom was it issued?—I believe by Mr. Wilson, who officiated for me during my absence, having been at that time in Scotland.

What was the date of the ilYue?—1 am not enabled to inform you with any degree of accuracy, but I think it mull hare been sometime between the middle of August and the end of October, in the year 1796.

Was Mr. Wilson employed to transact business for you during your absence?—He was in the habit of officiating for me, but not under «my regular power, when I was absent from the Office.

By what authority or power could Mr. Wilson issue such £.40,000. ? —I left him in possession of drafts upon the Bank of England, signed by my fell' as Attorney to the Treasurer.

Were those drafts filled up by yourself for certain sums, or your figuature left to blanks in Mr. Willow's possession?—My signature was affixed to blanks left in Mr. Wilson’s potVession, and which I found necessary to carry on the business of the Pay Office to prevent the accident, in case of my illness or occasional absence, of the Cashiers making unexpected or fuddeu demands for the Public Service.

Were the blanks for the names as well as the sums left?—They were.

Had you communications with Mr. Wilson during your absence, on the subject of the Accounts of the Pay Office ?—I had.

Are those communications preserved?—They are not, as far a?

I know.

What is became of them ?—Having closed the whole of this business in question, I did not think it at all neceflury to preserve any part of the documents relating to it.

What did you do with them ?—1 looked upon them as papers of no consequence; and they mull have been destroyed with other papers, which I may also have looked upon as papers of no consequence to be preserved.

Are you Cure they are not now in exigence ?—I am positively certain; and that they never consisted, as far as I know, of more than letters which Mr. Wilson had written tome on the subject during my absence.

When did you destroy them ?—I cannot recoiled, but certainly more than one or two years ago; and I fancy in 1803, when 1 was

out of office.

On your return from your absences, did Mr. Wilson give you a regular account in writing of his transactions in the Navy Pay Office during such absence* ?—No; he was not in the habit of doing so.

How then could you fee or come at the knowledge of what those transactions had been, or what the conduit of Mr. Wilson had been?—

I was informed of his transactions, as I have already laid, by respondence with him; and from his very high character, and thfc per felt confidence which I had in him, I did not find it necessitly to require more from him than verbal explanations upon any particular point of transactions which had taken place in my absence.

Did Mr. Wilson keep any account-books or ledgers in which those

transe&iofi*

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix.

841

Report from the Select Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—continued.

Appendix,

(No. 58.)

transitions were registered ?—I do not believe that any entry was made in any ledger of the trAnfadions which you have particularly alluded to.

(Question repeated.)—tie kept the public ledgers of the Office in which all niy public transactions have been regularly entered.

Are those ledgers in existjTice ?—They are, and in the Navy Pay Office.

Was the sum of £. 40,000*. alluded to by you as having been paid by Mr. Wilson for services not Naval, in the year 1796, the only linn paid under the fame circumstances of which you have any knowledge ?—It was, as far as I recoiled*

Did you never pay any sum or sums yOurself by draft or notes, or payment of any description, into tTte hands of Lord Melville, or any person authorized by him, or on his account, of Public Money fffiied for Naval Services for purposes not Naval ?—I have already explained my difficulty to the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, of diferiminating between mv public and private monies; and I have already declared to you, that I did not know the application which Ix)rd Melville may have made of advances which I may have occasionally made to his Lordship. '

(Question repeated.)—I presume I have.

At what time, and to what amount ?—My recollection does not enable me to answer that question.

Were any entries made by you, Or any person authorized by you, in any hooks or ledgers, or any memorandum kept, of any description* of such payment ?—I kept regular accounts of all my money transactions with Lord Melville, but having doled and settled the whole of them, and a mutual relcafe having passed between us, I have not thought it necessary to preserve any documents respecting my transactions with his Lordship.

.Are those documents in existence?—They are not, as far as I know.

When were they destroyed ?—At the time I was out of office; I think iu 1803.

Did you destroy them ?—I did; I burnt those I thought unneceflkry to keep.

Did those books or documents contain your accounts with any other persons besides my Lord Melville ?—They did.

When was the relcafe before-mentioned executed ?—In the year 1803, to the heft of my recollection.

When payments of the drfeription above stated were made, were they always made to Lord Melville personally ?—Not always.

Did you ever?—I do not, at this moment, recoiled I ever did.

To whom did you ever pay, on Lord Melville's account, Public Money for purposes not Naval ?—I used most frequently to pay them into the bands of the principal Money Conductor, one of the officers of the Navy Pay Office.

What was his name?—Mr. Tweedy; he is now dead.

What other person did you make such payments to?—I cannot recoiled any other persons at this moment.

How long has Mr. Tweedy been dead ?—Two or three years since Lord Melville’s Treasurership ceased.

To what other persons did you make such payments to ?—I do not recoiled any other person.

Was there any account kept between Mr. Tweedy and you ?—None.

What was the nature of the discharge you received from Mr. Tweedy?—I took no discharge.

"What authority did Mr. Tweedy produce to you for the payment of such money?—The demand for such money had previously been made by I.ord Melville to nivself.

Verbally, or in writing ?—Verbally.

Did you keep any account of the sums paid to Mr. Tweedy, in consequence of such verbal demands of Lord Melville ?—I entered them in the accounts which I kept with his Lordship.

Are they in existence?—I have already mentioned, that I had not thought it necessary to prefevvc any accounts between Lord Melville and my ft If, a mutual relcafe having passed between us.

Do you know the amount of any such sums which you may have paid to Mr. Tweedy ?—My recollection does not serve me to specify any such sums.

Do you recollect any thing about the date of such payments ?—I do not.

Do you reeolleft what fort of sums they may have been ?t—Once or twice they may have amounted to between three or four thousand pounds, but not larger.

To what other persons did you make such payments to, besides Mr. Tweedy?—I do not recoiled.

In making such payments to Mr. Tweedy, did you consider him as a Public Officer, or a private agent of Lord Melville ?—I obeyed l*ord Melville's dirc&iuns in paying the money to him, without pretending to consider whether he was a private ageut or not.

I lad you any Public Money transactione with Mr* Tweedy officially ? —I had.

Where were those Public official tranla&ions recorded ?—In the Navy Pay Office.

Are the payments to Mr. Tweedy, by Lord Melville's verbal order, recorded there also ?—They are not in any iriitance.

Do you know' into whole hands the £.40,000, paid by Mr. Witfori during your ablbnce in the year 1796, for purposes not Naval, was placed?—! only know from the information which Mr. Wilson has given me upon that subject;

What was that information?—That hie had paid the money to Lord Melville.

By whom, and at what time was that money returned ?—I have already stated in general terms, that I believe it to bfe returned by Mr. Long; but I can only speak with my own knowledge in respect to the lust payment* which, as far as I can recoiled, amounted to £. 6,000., and which was returned to me by Mr. Long some time in January 1798.

At what period or periods was the j£. 34,000. returned; and to whom ?—I have no further knowledge of the circumstance, as I was much in Scotland in the latter end of 1796 and in the year 1797* and the repayments were made, to the best df my knowledge, during my absence; but 1 am very certain that the £.6,000., which I received in January 1798; completed the full repayment of the £. 40,000;

Were any entries made in the Office-books of such repayments ?— None that I know of.

How then did you come to the convidibti of the payment df £.6,000. in January 1798, making the balance of the £.40,000; paid cut as before stated in the year 1796 ?—From a knowledge which I have at all times had of the ltatfc df my balances, by which I mull have i’een when any deficiency that may have existed was paid up*.

Iiow came you then not to see the dates of the repayments of such £. 34,000. ?—I make no doubt that I rnay have seen the dates, but I have no recollection of them whatever.

Where were they recorded?—In my Own private books.

Where are those books?—They are the books bdbre-mentioned, which I did not think necessary to preserve.

Were the lums paid to Mr. Tweedy by Lord Melville’s verbal order ever returned to you, or in any way repaid to the account of the Public in the Navy Pay Office, or to any other fond ?—They have unquestionably been all repaid to me, and I have accounted for the whole of the money that has been put under my charge for Naval Services.

Did Lord Melville interest to you for such sums during the time they were in his poiVession?—Lord Melville has paid me interest for sums of money, hut not upon those which I have stated to have been paid to Mr. Tweedy.

Who are Mr. Tweedy's executors ?— lie left two fons, but whether they are his executors or not, I do not know.

Was any interest paid on the £. 40,000. advanced during your absence by Mr. Wilson ?—None that I know of;

Were the sums advanced to Mr. Tweedy advanced out of the Mixed Fund at Messrs. Coutts', or were they advanced out of a fund which confided exclusively of Public Mortey ?—I do not recollect any other advances than those made out of the Mixed Fund at Messrs. Coutts*.

What reason had you for considering that the £. 40,000. was advanced out of Public Money?—It was from a general impressioti which I received from the communications made to me upon this subject, and I do not know whether this £. 40,000. was advanced from Messrs. Coutts' or not.

What may have been the total amount of money, described to be advanced at different times to Mr. Tweedy by order of Lord Melville, as nearly as you can recoiled?—The total amount of monies of this description, to the best of my recollection, have never, in the whole, exceeded £.30,000. until the sum of £.40,000. was added to it; but I cannot ft ate with certainty that the whole of the sums constituting that £. 30,000. was advanced to Mr. Tweedy.

To whom was any part of the £. 30^000. advanced, which was not paid to Mr. Tweedy ?—I have already stated, that 1 do riot recoiled.

Within what period of time did these issue’s take place ?—I menn to comprehend the whole time during which I acted as Paymaster under Lord Melville, for 14 or 15 years.

Why did you destroy papers in which other persons accounts wer* kept, as well as Lord Melville’s ?—Because the whole of my accounts were closed upon my leaving London, excepting some private family concerns, and very small accounts between my friends and myself, which I carried forward into new books. I deflre to date to my former answer, that £*10,000. of the £. 30,000, bad accrued before I was appointed to my office.

By whom was the £.10,000. advanced?—I do not know.

How did you know the existence of such a debt ?- -By Lord Melville's acknowledgment to me.

To

270 Maii,

ed/itinued.

842 Appendix, 1805.

Appendix, (No. 58.) 27* AWi,

continued.

Report from the Select Committee on Tenth Report of Navel Enquiry—continued.

To whom did he acknowledge hiinlelf debtor ?—To the Office.

Of how long Handing had that debt been?—^ have no knowledge of the circumstance.

To whom was that £. 10,000. repaid ?—It inufl have been repaid to nie.

In what capacity did you receive that sum that you had never advanced ?—In capacity of Eaymufter.

Did you then conceive it to be a debt due to the Public ?—I did.

Was any interest paid upon it?—None.

Had not Lord Melville made such acknowledgment, could you have traced such debt due horn him to the Public, in any of the Office-books ?—1 could certainly have told that the balance of the account put tinder my charge was lb much deficient.

Was Lord Melville debited for such lum in any of the books ?—lie was not.

What was the nature of the acknowledgment of Lord Melville

Merely verbal.

Did you conceive Mr. Tweedy afling as a private agent for Lord Melville, or ever acting for him in that capacity?—I consider him, in these inffances, to have been acting for his Lordship in a private capacity.

Explain private?—Merely as a person sent to me by his Lordship to receive the money which I hud previously been directed to pay to him. \

Were those directions from Lord Melville to procure money generally, or to procure him Public Money?—To procure money generally.

Did you consider Mr. Tweedy merely as a messenger to carry the money to Lord Melville, or concerned in the application of the money?—Merely as a messenger.

The further Examination of Alexander Trotter, Esq.— taken on the 4th May 1803.

Of the sums you have advanced from time to time to Lord Melville, not exceeding the £.20,000. as mentioned yesterday, do you know whether any part of it was applied to any public purpose ? —I do not, but I beg to be umlerffood, that this sum which I mentioned yesterday, is not connected with the sums which I have mentioned before the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry to have been occasionally in advance to Lord Melville, and for which I accounted his Lordship my private debtor.

In the Tenth Report it is mentioned, that a certain sum was left in Mr. Trotter's hands, as the balance of the first part of the second Treasurcrship, where is that sum now, amounting to £. 5,484. 15. 3. ? —The greater part of it is still in my possession, but a small part has been paid away at one payment.

What was the amount of the small payment?—I issued two hundred pounds to the Cashier to make payment of a larger demand, aililted by money in the Cashiers hands.

When was that payment made?—It was made in December 1804, and 1 have taken meufures within thele two days to pay up the whole balance.

What are the measures you have taken?—I have enquired into the amount of balances remaining unafligned in that Treasurership, with a view to procure assignments being made so as to reduce the balance.

To whom do you propose to pay the balance, when it is so reduced?—The account being nearly doled, I expect directions from the Auditor's Office to pay the balance into the Exchequer.

What oblhicies have then4 been in the way to an earlier settlement of this account?—From the peculiarly intricate manner iq which the account of the Kx-Treasurers are required to be closed, but which intricacy arises from the minute accuracy which is observed.

There is a certain sum mentioned in the 135th page of the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, of the lum of £,5,563. 6. 2 }. which was paid into Lord Melville's own bands in May or June 1800, which was the balance of Lord Melville’s first Treasurership, ending in 1783; do you know where that lum now is?—I do not, any further than 1 have heard Lord Melville, within these three weeks or a month, say, that he meant to pay it immediately into the Exchequer.

From the state of the accounts of Lord Melville’s first Treasurership, could that balance have been earlier paid into the Exchequer?—

I anprehend not until within these three or four months, until which time that account of his Lordship hud not been delivered to the Auditors.

Upon what does that depend, the delivery to the Auditor?—The final arrangement of the account, in the minute manner in which I have endeavoured to ddcribe, in which the whole payments made in the Treasurership are brought to agree in the account 0: the sums as certified to the l’everal hoards, with the account made up in a difieient foim, and delivered to the Auditors.

Whether any of the payments which you had made, ta Mr#

Tweedy, by Lord Melville’3 diro&ioi!, had relation to tholt circumlhmccs which Lord Melville had confidentially communicated to you, and which you did not deem yourself at liberty to relate, as mentioned in page 203 in the Tenth Report?—I had no such allusion.

[The Witness desires to amend his evidence of yesterday, as to sums advanced to other* persons besides Mr. Tweedy; fee page 841, 3d May— >J«—In looking at my Bankers book, 1 find that I have occasionally made payments into the houses of Messrs. Drummond and Messrs. Coutts, and to my Lord Melville's Secretary* Mr. Alves, and oilier members of his Lordfiiip’s family.]

Do you mean to say that all these payments, added to the payments made to Mr. Tweedy, do not exceed in the whole, and during the whole time of your acting as Paymaster to Lord Melville, the sum of £. 20,00c.?—Upon a further consideration of the fume which 1 Hated yesterday, 1 should with to add to that sum two or three thousand pounds.

When did your private agency begin with Lord Melville?—I dg not recollect; 1 had no regular appointment as private agent.

Were any aifts of private agency performed by you for Lord Mel* ville, previous to your appointment as Paymallerof the Navy?— Not any.

When did the private agency cease ?—It has not ceased.

Have you performed any alt of private agency hnce the execution of the releases in 1803 ?—I have.

What do you mean by members of Lord Melville’s family?—* I mean his domestic servants.

[The Witness willies to amend his Answer of yesterday, in page 841, 3d May— 1 have already amended my evidence of yesterday,

so far as to say, that I had made advances for Lord Melville to others besides Mr. Tweedy; and 1 have now further to amend my Answer of yesterday, by saying, that some of those advances mad* to others than Mr. Tweedy, but constituting the sum as I said yesterday of £.20,000. and to which today I have added two or three thousand pounds, were advanced from funds exclusively of Public Money; and I with in this to refer to my evidence given before the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, in page 220, as an explanation to an Answer that I then gave on that subject, and which, as 1 did not recoiled at that time the circumstances now mentioned, was then perfectly correct; and I muff further amend my evidence of yesterday by now saying, that I do not think Lord Melville gave me verbal, or any instrudions, in some inffances wherein I bad advanced sums of money for his Lordship to Mr. Tweedy.]

Upon what authority then did you make such advances ?—I acted m those inffances from my own judgment, in the management of his Lordship’s concerns.

You had at times verbal inffrudions from Lord Melville?—Yes, I had.

Of the sums advanced to Mr. Tweedy and others, for the use of Lord Melville, ffated by you yesterday to amount to the sum of £.20,000., to which you have added a further sum of 2 or £.3,000. today, can you now, upon rccolledion, state how much was public and how much private money?—1 have no means to enable me to Hate that circumstance with accuracy.

Please to Hate it generally ?—As nearly as I can state it, about one-half public and one-half private.

Do you mean to say one-half exclusively public ?—I do.

Do you mean the other half exclusively private ?—I mean the other half to have been principally advanced from my account at the house of Messrs. Coutts and Company.

Of the advances from 10 to £.20,000., mentioned in the Tenth Report to have been made by you to Lord Melville at different times, have you now any means of judging what part was public and what private money?—I believe the whole to have been advanced from my accounts at the house of Messrs. Coutts and Company.

Was interest always paid by Lord Melville to you on those advances?—It was not.

Was it ever paid?—No; his Lordship paid me no interest for those advances.

What was it that induced you to exercise your judgment in making payments to Mr. Tweedy, without any direction from Lord Melville so to do; was it from any knowledge of the manner iri which the monies so paid to Mr. Tweedy was to be apphtd on account of Lord Melville?—I allude to private transariions in the management of Lord Melville's private business, in which I had general directions, although not specific directions on every occasion.

Are the Committee to ur.derstand that some of the payments made to Mr. Tweedy, on Lord Melville’s account, were made to Mr. Tweedy as to a person who bad the management of Lord Melville’s private affairs ?—Mr. Tweedy had not the management of Lord Melville’s private affairs.

Explain to the Committee what circumstance could induce you to jay to Mr. Tweedy money on account of Lord Melville's private

affairs*

i^-

843

45 Geo. III.

Appendix,.

Report from the Select Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—continued.

Appendix,

(No. 58.)

affairs, without Lord Melville's direction, and without considering Mr. Tweedy as being any private Agent of Lord Melville's ?—I have already said that 1 had general directions from Lord Melville in the management of his private affairs, though not specific ones in every instance; and when any funi of money came into my hands upon his Lordship's account, I have taken it upon me to apply that money without directions from his Lordship.

What were those general directions ?—It was a general permission to a & for Lord Melville as I thought proper, in his private affairs.

The further Examination of Alexander Trotter, Esq.— taken the 6th of May 1S05.

Can you recollect any thing about the repayment of the specific sum of £. 10,000. which, at your commencing Paymaster, Lord Melville acknowledged to you that he owed to the Public ?—1 do not.

Wbuifums did you annually receive, as my Lord Melville’s private Agent, from other sources, saving those of his salary as Treasurer of the Navy?—I do not recoiled any regular annual payments made to me upon his lordship's account, although I have received considerable sums, and in many instances.

Can you form any opinion of the average?—I cannot.

Did you receive, as far as you are informed, all Lord Melville's private income in the capacity of his private Agent?—I believe I received all his income arising in this country, but I cannot speak with certainty.

Did you receive for him his salary as Treasurer of the Navy? —I dul.

The whole of it?—As far as I recoiled, I did.

Have you brought the date of the releases?—I have.

What are they?—They were signed by Lord Melville upon the l8th ef February 1803, and by myself upon the 23d of that month.

You having stated yourself to be dill private Agent to Lord Melville, what circumstance then led to the execution of mutual releases between you and Lord Melville?—1 kuow no circumstance, excepting that of his Lordship having left this country, and as I thought, without any intentions of returning; and I conceived that it would be a satisfudion to Lord Melville as well as myself that our Heirs, in case of the death of either of us, should have as little trouble ns possible in arranging the several accounts which had existed so long between us.

Were the books of account destroyed before or after the execution of the releases?—It was after that date.

Who preceded you as Paymader ?—Mr. Douglas.

Is he dead?—He is.

• When did he die?—In December 1785.

Have you any means of knowing how long Lord Melville had tad in his possession the sum of £. 10,000. which Lord Melville acknowledged to have had in his possessioa at the time you became Paymader?—I have not.

I low did Lord Melville describe to you that he had become possessed of the £. 10,000. which he then defenbed himself to owe to the Navy Pay-Office ?—I do not remember that his Lordllup explained himself to me upon that subject.

Had you any means of knowing whether that had been applied to a public or a private purpose ?—I had not, further than his Lordship having expressed his apprehensions that it might ultimately be prejudicial to his intered.

In what manner?—He did not enter further in explanation with me on the subject.

When you described this sum of £. 10,000. to make part of a sum of £.30,000. which had been advanced to Mr. Tweedy for the use of Lord Melville, did you mean that you had been informed by Mr. Tweedy of this sum being so applied; or was it from Lord Melville only that you derived any knowledge of this sum of £. 10,000?—It was from Lore! Melville only that 1 had any information upon the subject of this £.icu>eo; and if I have conveyed by my former evidence, the idea that this sum of money had been advanced to Lord Melville through the means of Mr. Tweedy, 1 must beg to correct that statement.

Has that £.10,000. been repaid?—That £.10,000. as well as every other sum for which Lord Melville has been indebted to the Public, as Treasurer of the Navy, and which has accrued since the year 1786, when I was appointed Paymaster, has been repaid.

The further Examination of Alexander Trotter, Esq.— taken the 7th of May 1805.

Where were the releases executed between you and Lord Melville

•—The release wee signed by his Lordship at his own house in Scotland, end by myself in London.

Did any conversation relative to the account-books, or their destruction, take place between you and Lord Melville previous to their being destroyed?—The subjed never came under consideratiQD, between his Lurdship and myself, to the best of my recoUe&ron*

Has any subsequent conversation taken place on that fuhjcd ?— None, except of my having informed his Lordship of the fad, and the regret which we have both felt on ihe circumstance..

Has any communication by letter, before or liiue, taken place upon that subject?—None whatever.

Can you give to the Committee any more precil’e explanation of the conversation which you related y« iterday to have taken place between you and Lord' Melville, at the time he acknowledged his debt of £. 10,000. to the Public, when you commenced Paymaster, or can you now recoiled with more precifton what the words were used by Lord Melville?—I am sorry, from the dist.mce of time when that conveifation took place, that I have, it not in my power to give any further explanation upon that subject.

Please to repeat his words, as near as you can recoiled, that you before mentioned ?—His Lordship expressed his apprehensions that the circumstance alluded to niigtyt ultimately prove prejudiced to him, and which I concluded to he meant in a pecuniary light.

What circumstance ?—The circumstance of the balance put under my charge being about £. 10,000. leis than the balance for which he was accountable to the Public.

Do you know whether Lord Melville has attested and returned to the proper Officer, the general statement of his accounts transmitted to him to attest, but which, as appears in the 134th page of the Tenth Report, had not then been re turned to the Accountant, which prevented the account from being delivered into the Auditor's Office? —His Lordship has attested and returned the account, and it was detained at the time which the Accountant mentions, from the statement which had been sent to his Lordship for Ins attestation having been found incomplete.

Are the drafts drawn upon the Rank from the Navy Pay Office, when paid, returned to the office at stated periods ?—They are always returned when the bool: is balanced, which has been generally, but not invariably, once a month.

When returned, are they preservd?—They have not been preferred, as they are considered to be of no ule when the balance is agreed.

During the fourteen years you were Paymaster, did you receive in all, upon Lord Melville's private account, to the amount of £. 20,000. ?—I certainly have.

What were the sources of income in England, of which you described yourself yesterd iy to be in the receipt on account of Lord Melville ?—I have, I believe, uniformly received his salary as Treasurer of the Navy; but I do not recoiled that any other receipts which have come into my hands of his Lordship's income was derived from any public situation, but has been confined to sums which I may have received in the management or his private affairs.

What was the largest sum you ever had in your hands of the private account of Lord Melville at one time?—That appears perfectly impossible for me to ascertain, as his private tranluctions passed through an account current in which his Lordship was generally indebted to me; but at other times the balance was in favour of his Lordship, when I neither charged interest upon any balance due by his Lordship, nor did 1 charge myself with any interest at times when the balance may have been in his Lordship's favour.

Do you recoiled the largest balance in the account current that ever appeared in favour of Lord Melville?—In an account comprehending so long a period, it is very difficult for me to give an accurate answer to that question; but it certainly has at forne time been as large as between £. 2,000. or £. 3,000. in Lord Melville’s favour.

Do you recoiled the largest balance in the account current that ever appeared in your favour, with the fame degree of accuracy ?—I do not recoiled with the fame degree of accuracy, but I have upon a former occasion declared it had never exceeded from 10 10

£. 20,000.

Do you now allude to the sums, mentioned in your evidence before the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, to have been advanced by you occasionally to Lord Melville, to the sums mentioned by you in your evidence before this Committee to have been advanced to Lord Melville through the hands of Mr. Tweedy, Meilrs. Drummond, and others, or to any other sums ?—1 allude to the sums which 1 had occasionally advanced to Lord Melville, as stated in the Tenth Report; but some of those occasional advances may have been made through the hands of Mr. Tweedy, Meftrs. Drummond, or others.

Arc the Committee still to understand that you mean the advances of from 10 to £.20,000. as mentioned in the Tenth Report, to be distinct and different from the advances of £.23,000. made by you in the whole, as stated by you in evidence before this Committee?—> They are still to understand so.

Did these different advances all pass through your account current with Lord Melville?—They did not.

Distinguish which did and which did not?—I cannot do it from memory.

Have

jo F

27* Mali,

continued.

<-----^-----1

844 Appendix* A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 58.)

Report from the Select Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—contbmed.

Have you any documents to refer to?—I have already Hated that I have nor.e, and my regret for that circumstance.

Why was some of the advances placed in the account current, and others not?—I only placed the sums in the account current of which I knew of the appropriation; of the appropriation of the other sums I was ignorant. v

Do you mean determined by appropriation, that you had the payment of such sums on behalf of Lord Melville?—With regard to the account current, I do.

You have Hated to the Committee, in a former part of your evidence, that you did receive intereH on some advances made to Lord Melville, on others none; you have to day Hated, that in the account current you had neither charged interest to Lord Melville, when the balance in that account appeared in your favour, nor paid it when it appeared in favour of his Lordship; on what advances then did you charge intereH?—I alluded to a sum of money which his Lordship directed me to borrow, and for which his Lovdffiip paid a regular intereH of £. 5-per-centum.

The further Examination of Alexander Trotter, Esq.— taken the 9th of May 1805.

Were you the lender of the money borrowed for Lord Melville,

and for which he paid an intereH?—I was.

What was the amount?—My recoliedion does not enable me to Hate this with accuracy; but I believe, to the bess of my knowledge, that it was a sum not exceeding from 20 to £. 23,000.

Is that sum repaid?—It is.

How long since?—Four or five years.

Was you Agent for the whole of Lord Melville's income arising from private fcurces in England?—As far as I know I was lb.

Were you in the receipt of the whole or any part of Lord Melville's income, arising from private sources in Scotland?—His Lordship has made me frequent remittances from Scotland; but I do not know from what sources they arol’e.

You were ru t then regularly in the receipt, of Lord Melville's income arising 1 r private sources in Scotland ?—I was not.

Do ;,cu know of any instance between AuguH 179b and January 1798, of Navy Ldl or Victualling Bill becoming due and presented for payment, not having been paid when presented, owing to the wa.it of eirects lor the payment of such Navy and Victualling Bill? —That certainly is not within my knowledge.

Mult vou have known it from your situation in the Navy Pay Office, if such an event had actually happened?—I think I mult unr quefuonably have known it.

I Turing that period, in a former part of your evidence you have Haled that you were in Scotland; had such a circumstance happened during your absence in Scotland, would it have been communicated to you officially either by Mr. Wiifou or Mr. Swaffield, Cafiiierof the Victualling Bills?—Undoubtedly, a circumstance so singular would have been communicated to me by one or other of those Gentlemen, especially as I do not believe or recollect that any such cir-tfimiffance had occurred during the whole time I acted as PaymaHer of the Navy.

What is the longed period at any one time of your absence from London, during the time that you was PaymaHer, during which period Mr. Wilfoii was drawing money from the Bank with blank checks fig 1 led by you?—I was absent from the Pay Office, I believe, between three and four months ill the year 1797, upon the occasion of mv marriage in Scotland; but I have very seldom been absent from the office for any period of time nearly approaching to this.

[Mr. Trotter produced release between him and Lord Melville— Rcleufe read.]

The further Examination of Alexander Trotter, Esq.— taken the 10th of May 1805.

Who drew the release between you and Lord Melville?—Mr.

Spottifwoode, of Sackville-Hreet, my solicitor.

Is he dead ?—\ es.

Who settled it?—I do not know if any one.

Who give the indrudions for it?—It proceeded from an advice of Mr. Spottifwoode. himself, who brought me the deed ready prepared, without any particular inffrudions from any one.

Was any particular inffrudion given, or did any order or conver-fat ion take place upon the particular part of the deed which relates to the giving up or deffrudion of vouchers or other documents ?— None, that I remember, excepting Mr. Spottilwoodes general observution, that it would be no longer necessary to preserve any Vouchers relating to accounts between Lord Melville and myself.

The further Examination of Alexander Trotter, Esq.— taken the Kith of May 1805.

You have Hated, in your evidence before the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, that upon the‘ death of Mr. Adana Jellicoe. you took

*7° Maii, continued*

possession of some of his private papers; videlicet, all those which you thought necessary, as tending to secure his public balance; have any of those papers or books been destroyed by you, or by yoor direction, or to your knowledge ?—-They have not.

Can you now, upon recollection, Hate whether you ever were i* possession of, or ever had a view of Mr. Jelhcoe's private ledger ?-4 never was in possession of it; I thick I have seen it, bat never to look into it with attention.

Where did you fee it ?—I think at the Pay Office.

In whose hands, in whose possession, or whole custody was it when you saw it ?—I do not know in whose custody it was, but I think it was in the hands of the Accomptant, Mr. Black.

When did you fee it ?—I have no recoliedion whatever.

About what time, as near as you can recoiled ?—I do not recoiled having seen it much later than the period when Mr. Jellicoe died.

It is Hated by Mr. Samuel Jellicoe, in his evidence before the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, page 425, that it was consented to by you that he Humid pay a debt of £.4,000. due by him to the eHate of his father, by inHalments of £. 200. a year, and that he had paid to you the sum of £. 2,050. up to the 31st of March 1800; and. it appears that Lord Melville was acquitted of the deficiency of Mr. Adam Jellicoe by a writ of Privy Seal, dated the 29th of May 1800; have you received any further instalment upon the said debt, or did you cdimnunicate to the Solicitor of the Treasury, to the Se. cretary of the Treasury, or in any other way, to the Board of Treasury, your con lent to the payment of the said debt of £4,000. by inllalments, and did you furnish them with a Hatement of the inHalments paid, and balance due, up to the period of the feeding of such writ?—My consent was probably obtained to the payment of this debt by the iniialinents mentioned by Mr. Jellicoe; but I have lately seen Mr. Jellicoe, who recalled to my recollection that the agreement to reduce that debt, by the annual payments of£200. was made between the Solicitor of trie Treasury and him. I have Hated to the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, that 1 had no auth* rity to call for money due to the eHate of the late Mr. Jellicoe;

I however did not fail to ule my beH endeavours to colleff any money which I thought I could obtain in reduction of his debt, by applying to those from whom I knew it was due; in this light t appeared to have applied to Mr. Samuel Jellicoe, and to hav$ received the l’everai inHalments mentioned in his evidence, which I have brought to account, with all the other sums which! have received upon the account of the late Mr. Jellicoe, and they are included in the account published in the Tenth Report, intituled, " An Account in Trust for the EHate of the late Mr. Adam Jellicoe." I applied to Mr. Samuel Jellicoe sometime between March and June 1800 for a payment as far as it was then due, Or up till the lafi term of payment, which he sent to me, and it is accordingly brought to account in my TruH Acccount; but I have never made any application since that time for any further payment, nor have I made any communication or Hatemerlt of the account to the Board of Treasury, or to the Solicitor, as the agreement was not made by me, nor had I any power to compel the fulfilment of it.

Was Lord Melville privy to, or had you any inflrudions from him, or any communication with him, relative to the mode in which Mr. Samuel Jellicoe was to liquidate his debt of £. 4,000. ?—1 do not recoiled having any inffrudions from his Lordship or communication with him upon this subject, although it is very possible that I may have informed him of what I knew respecting this business.

Do you recoiled having seen any account of the securitiea tendered to Lord Melville by Mr. Adam Jellicoe, in his letter of the 10th of July 1788?—I saw them at the time, but I have entirely forgot what they confided of.

There appears a note at the foot of Mr. Jellicoe’s letter of the 10th of July 1788, expressing that sundry bonds and affi^nments of Mr. Cort's patent were the securities offered, which were all included in the property found under the Extent; who made such note?—I have no recoliedion who made that note, although it is not impossible that it may have been myself.

Why were the securities, tendered by Mr.’ Adam Jellicoe in hit letter of 10th July 1798, not accepted?—If they were not accepted, I do not recoiled the reason for which they were rejected.

Can you inform the Committee where the first deficiency of Mr. Jellicoe, in his balance to the Treasurer of the Navy, can b« discovered ?—I cannot.

Will not examination of the books of the office of the first entrance of Mr. Jellicoe into the situation which he held at his death, furnish such information ?—Certainly not.

Why?—Because a balance was necessarlly put into his bands to carry on the duties of his office, which was never required to be altogether liquidated, until his embarrafiim rits were suspeded toexish

When did you first liispect such eijiharrafTment ?—I fhoidd think about a year or two before bit death; but I do not remember the circumstance with precision.

Did

45 Geo. III. Appendix. 845

Report from the Select Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—continued.

Did he diiclofe to you such embarmffment, or did you communicate to him your lufpicions that they existed?—1 communicated my ap-pvehenhon to him upon the subject.

1 >id he conhis them?—Molt readily; as he was a man of the most upright character.

Did you immediately communicate with Lord Melville on the fub-jed?~ I think his Lord ship was at that time in Scotland, but i did not fail to communicate any information which I was enabled to give iipon that subject without delay.

Do you recollect Lord Melville's answer, or any indrudions lie gave you on the subject in confeejuence of such communication ?—I do not recollect any particulars of the indrudions which I probably received upon that subject; but we were both decidedly of opinion, that it would prove mo ft to the advantage of the‘Public that no severe dtps (hoiild immediately be taken in order to secure this debt, as we had the greatest confidence in his afturunces, that the business in which be was engaged would soon enable him to extricate hiinleif from his ditiicullies.

Had you any conversation or other communication with Mr. Cort, upon the subject?—1 had many converiations with Mr. Cort upon the subject, and Lord Melville’s Son, Mr. D undos, took a great ddal of trouble after Mr. Jellicoe’s death, in endeavouring to make Mr.Cort's patent of value, lb as to be brought in liquidation of Mr. Jellicoe's debt.

Who drew the memorial presented to the Lords of the Treasury, on which the Writ of Privy Seal was founded ?—I do not know.

Who furnished the indrudions for that draft?—I probably furnished information myself, but did not furnish intlrudVams.

To whom did you give* such information ?—To Lord Melville, as far as I recoiled.

Did you go into a minute enquiry of all Mr. Jdlicoe’s circumstance* at the time his deficiency was lirft noticed, and bid vou render ac* 'Count of such enquiry* to Lord Melville?—I believe 1 did.

Is the minute of any such enquiry in exigence ? -4 had only vefbal communications with Mr. Jellicoe, and do not recoiled that I made any minute of them, unless it may have been in my letters to his Lordship.

Can you (late the reasons why the freehold property at Oosport was not fold, and the proceeds applied in discharge m Mr. Jelhcot's balance ?—I am not enabled to Rate the renlon, that bufint fs hot having come within my province.

Would the iale of this cltute, which appears valued at £. l,oooo. stated in the Jnqi.iution taken before tire Sheriff of Hampshire, have been more adv, nugeons to the Public than the rent of£. loo. per annum, paid by Mr. Samuel MUcoe to the Crown for the lame ?-— I am altogether unacquainted with the value of this property, and consequently unable to tbim any judgment up n it.

has the right in the Crown to cauie the tale of this property to be mao3 at cmy time it may be thnrgM expedient to do lb, been affected or dun.n..bed oy the above aiTUi.geu.eat?—liiis appears to be a matter of law, of which 1 am altogether unacquainted.

Is not the said rent of£. loo. per annual, distinct from the annual instalment of £. 200. agreed to be paid by Mr. Samuel Jelhcoe in discharge of the £.4,000. winch appears to have been a debt due by him to his late Father’s elt to, such turn having been advanced to him by his said Father when he first went into bulmcfs?— I reaily do not know, and am much concerned in appearing to be so ignorant upon this business; hut hope the Committee will fcxcufe me in referring to an answer which I have made to a former qudLon, by which I have endeavoured to explain, that I never had any management of this business, excepting in receiving such Aims as were paid into my hands, which I brought regularly to account.

Do you conceive that such advance was made by Mr. Jellico* to his Soo as a loan, or that it was intended by him as a part of the provision for him irs his Son?—I believe, from a knowledge of the affectionate care which Mr. Jellicoe took of his Family, that this sum was meant as a provinou for his Son upon his going into business.

Were the vouchers at the time oi the release in your possession, or in Scotland, or in England ?—Mofily in this country.

Were Lord Melville's there or in England?—1 should rather suppose they were in Scotland.

The further Examination of Alexander Trotter, Esq. -taken the 22d of May 1805.

In point of fad, did you take upon yourself to collect whatever you could of Mr. Jellicoe s property and debts?—I was as active in doing so as much as I could, or thought myself warranted in doing, for & considerable time after Mr. Jellicoe’s death.

Did Mr. White know that you were taking those active steps for that purpose?—I had many meetings and conversations with Mr. White, and we certainly both exerted ourfelve* in the builaeis as far •t we could he serviceable in iu

Do you know whether Mr. White, from what passed between you, relied upon the information he received from you relative to the property?—As far as my information went I make no doubt he relied upon it; but the other business of the Fay Ollier enquired so much of my attention that it was impossible for me to give that full information upon the business which I could with to have done.

Why did you permit so large an arrear of the rent and infbilments from Jellicoe to accrue ?—1 had'no reason whatever for doing so further than as I have already explained, my not considering myself authorized to compel any payments whatever upon that account.

Do you know whether there are any debts due. to Adam Jellicoe now recoverable, exclusive of Samuel Jellicoe’s?—I do not recoiled any at this moment that I consider to be recoverable.

Did Lord Melville give you any indrudions for inferring the clauffc to destroy vouchers in the release before it was drawn up?—lie did not.

Do you know of his having given such indrudions to any other person ?:—I do not.

At whose desire was that clause introduced ?-— I do not know; I can only Tepeat, that Mr. Spottifwoode, brought me the release to lign, without any particular inltvudions from me.

Look at the Tenth Report, page 312; in the account contained in that page your 'account is debited for several Victualling and Navy Bills, at the foot of which the discount is fubtraded; was that the regular discount at that time on Victualling and Navy Bills?—I am altogether ignorant of the circumstance; but I have no reason to doubt the accuracy of my Banker’s accounts.

Do you know what period those Victualling and Navy Bills had to run?—I really am altogether ignorant of the circunfff mce.

Have you any reason whatever to doubt tfiat the discount upon those Navy and Victualling Bills was other than the regular marketable discount at the time?—I have certainly no reafou whatever to doubt such fad.

The further Examination of Alexander Trotter, Esq.—

taken 23d May 1805. - ,

You have Anted, that at various times you advanced various sums of money on account of Lord Melville to Mr. Tweedy, Messrs. Drummond, Mr. Alves the private Secretary, and other members of Lord Melville's family; do you mean to (late, that all the persons above enumerated received payments out of the sum of 22 or £.23,000. advanced by you at various times to Lord Melville, for which no interest tvas paid; or do you mean to del'cribe them as the parties to whom payments Lad generally been made by you on Lord Melville’* account, out of other as well as the fund above-mentioned?—I mean it of the latter delcrintion.

Did you ever make any payment out of the above fund of 22 ot £.23,000. to any member of Lord Melville’s family?—I do not remember that I ever did.

M ere the funds received by you, on Lord Melville's private account^ paid into the mixed fund at Messrs. Coutts, which you have hated to conliff partly of public and partly of private money?—They were.

Can you preciiely state the persons to whom issues out of the above fund of 22 or £.23,000. were made ?—I have not means of piecifely Rating it.

The further Examination of Alexander Trotter, Esq.—v taken 27th May 1805.

You have dated, that you were in the habit of applying sums of money, on Lord Melville’s account, under general munitions previously given to you for the management of his private affairs; do you recoiled whether you applied, under such general instrudions, any part of the 22 or £.23,000. on which you have dated no intered was charged?—I do not recoiled having applied any part of that money under general instrudions, as these were the sums which Lord Melville never gave me any information upon.

Was Mr. Tweedy employed in the management of issues on Lord Melville's account, out of any other, fund than the above-mentioned fund of 22 or £.23,000.?—I was in the habit of emp^-ing Mr. Tweedy in almost all my money transactions, with Lord Melville a* well as with others.

Was any part of that sum of 22 or £.23,000. paid to Mr. Tweedy, without an antecedent order of Lord Melville ?—I do not recoiled any.

In the account of receipts and payments between the id and 31st of January 1798, there appears an entry of a transfer to the Victualling Branch, to repay the like Ann transferred from thence to " Wages " in March 1797; have you any recollection of the circumstances of that transfer and repayment?—None whatever.

Have you any recollection of any transfer and repayment of tht like nature ?—Not of any of the like nature, but I have frequently from the N^vy Branch to the Pay Branch, and vice verfd.

TU

Appentflt,

(No. 58.) 27* Man,

continued*

846 Appendix* . 1805*

V

Appendix, (No. 58.) 27* Mail.

continued, mmm '■

Report from the Sele# Committee, on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—cmtinued.

The Examination of Charles Tweedy, Esq.—taken the 4th May 1805.

Are you the eldest Son of your late Father >—Yes.

Are you Executor ?—Now 4

Who did administer ?—No one; he died without a will.

When did he die?—On the 14th January 1803.

Did you come into polVefiion of your Father s books and papers ?— I did,

Did your Father a# as private Agent to Lord Melville ?—Not that I know of.

Amongst the books of your Father's, were there any accounts between Lord Melville and your Father?—Not that 1 know of.

Are all the books of accounts belonging to your late Father which came into your possession on his death, now in exigence?—Yes.

Can you undertake to say, that in those books there may not be accounts of money transactions between the late Mr. Tweedy and Lord Melville ?—I think no other than in an official way; by official, I mean, discharging (Iridly that duty he held under Lord Melville.

What office do you hold?—I am called Ledger Writer in the Victualling Department of the Navy Pay Office.

1 lave you a#ed as private Agent to Lord Melville in any capacity ?— Never.

The further Examination of Charles Tweedy, Esq.— taken the 7th May 1805.

Are those books produced, all the books of accounts or papers that came into your polYefiion at your Father’s death ?—Yes.

Do you know of the definition of any books or papers of your Father’s, previous to his death?—-I do not.

Have you any knowledge of any sum or sums of money received by your Father from Mr. Trotter, for the use of Lerd Melville ?—I have not.

The Examination of Thomas Wilson, Esq.—taken the 4th of May 1805.

\Vas you in the habit of transacting business for Mr. Trotter during his absence?—Frequently.

Under what authority ?—I had no written authority, but I have understood, with the approbation of the Treasurer.

, Did you draw for the public money issued for the service of the Navy during such absences?—I did draw for the public money, but not under my own signature.

In what way then ?—By blank checks, signed by the Pay mailer.

Had you unlimited powers as to the extent to which you were to draw ?—I had unlimited powers.

Do you recoiled having advanced any sum or sums of the public money, during Mr. Trotter’s absence, to Lord Melville, or any other person on his account, for purposes not Naval?—I do recoiled but one instance, which took place about the latter end of the year 1796, when, Vv Lord Melville’s directions, I drew out the sum of£.40,000. the application of which was not revealed to me.

Do you recoiled the precise date ?—1 do not recoiled the precise date; some time in August, September, or October.

Was no entry made of such payment ?—No part of the transaction was committed to paper by me.

Did you inform Mr. Trotter what had taken place?—I did, by letter to Mr. Trotter, upon the fame day on which it took place; my reason for being so positive for Hating that I wrote to Mr. Trotter on the fame day, being in the constant habit of informing him daily of the trail lotions of the office.

Did you take copies of those letters?—I never did.

Were entries made in any books of all other payments of public money made by you ?—There were.

How then did you, or could you Hate your balances with this omission of £.40,000. ?—The £. 40,000. having been drawn from the account of the Bank, it could not appear in the public books as a transaction for Naval Services, but it always " appeared in the " monthly accounts of the office as a part of the dated balance" due to the Public.

Was the whole sum drawn for in one or more drafts ?—As far as my recollection goes it was paid in one, but whether drawn or not in one or more, I do not remember.

Have you any recollection of the branch of service to which the draft or drafts were made applicable, in order to their forming a diffident voucher for the payment of the money at the Bank ?—I apprehend the Pay Branch.

Into whole bauds was the £. 40,000. paid by you?—I waited on my Lord Melville, with whom Mr. Long was, and paid it either to one or other of those Gentlemen in Bank notes at Lord Melville’s Office in Parliament-street.

Did you take any receipt or acquittance from either of them?— None,

Sitppoling the death of the parties concerned in this transaction had ijkru place, was there any document of any fort any where, by which the Public could have been made acquainted with the dispoAtion of this £. 40*000. proiefl’edly drawn for the Pay Branch of the Navy, butfpaid into the hands of Lord Melville or Mr. Long, for purposes not Naval ?—None, that I know of.

Has the Money been alb returned ?—It has been all returned; be* cause, in consequence of the conclusion of Lord Melville’s Treasurer-ffnp, the exact balance due to the Public was transferred to the ae» count of his Successor.

Do you know at what period or periods the whole, or any part of the fuin, was returned?—I do not; in all probability the several repayments were placed to the credit of Mr. Trotter’s Account with Messrs. Coutts; and I beg leave to add, that some also may have been paid to the Treasurer’s Account at the Bank, but I havtno documents or books by which I can identify such periods of repayments; but I know distintly of one sum of £.4,000. paid to me by Mr. Long, as forming a part of the repayment of the sum of £. 40,000.

Where did you place that £. 4,000. ?—-It appears that I placed it to the credit of Mr. Trotter's account, upon the day that I received it, with Messrs. Coutts.

Which of his accounts?—His general account.

Did you give the Clerks of Messrs. Coutts diietions to place it td this or that account of Mr. Trotter, or merely to his account generally, without specifying which ?—I believe I did not give them any particular directions on the subjet.

Are the Committee to understand that you have no knowledge whatever of the application of public money issued for Naval Sen vices to purposes not Naval, besides what you have mentioned ?—I apprehend there have.

Have you any knowledge of what such application has been ?—I apprehend to Mr. Trotter’s private use.

To the private use of any body elie?—Not to the best of my knowledge.

Do you know to what extent sums have been drawn, issued for the service of the Navy, and applied to purposes not Naval?— I amper-fetly incompetent to answer thatquestion without having had access to Mr. Trotter’s accounts, and which is impossible for me to after* tain from the printed copy of his Account with Messrs. Coutts.

Have you any general knowledge of the extent?—The only documents upon which I can give that opinion, is the printed Account of balances of the different Cashiers of the Pay Office, as presented to the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, which states the deficiency of the Treasurer’s balance at the Bank*

Are the Committee to understand, that you have no knowledge whatever of any sum or sums of money issued for Naval Services, and diverted to purposes not Naval, by any person or persons, or by the authority of any person or persons, or for the use of any person or persons, except Mr. Trotter, saving always the sum of £.40,000 above * alluded to ?—None to the best of roy knowledge.

The further Examination of Thomas Wilson, Esq.—taken the 7th of May 1805.

[The Witness wishes to amend his Evidence in page 846, 4th May —^ instead of " appeared in the monthly accounts of the office as 44 part of the stated balance," I Humid have dated, 44 formed a part 44 of the stated balances:" And I think it my duty to Itate to the Committee in further reply to the quession in p. 846,4th May— * that I should have made the fame acknowledgment which I did to the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry; That money for the payment of Exchequer tees was placed in my hands, from which I had derived an advantage.]

The further Examination of Thomas Wilson, Esq.—taken the 11th May 1805.

From a view of the paper put into your hands, purporting to be an Extra# from the Bauk books, of the drafts paid to the order of Alexander Trotter, Esq. as Paymaster of the Navy Pay Office, can you inform the Committee by which of the draft or drafts therein specified you obtained the money paid into the hands of Mr. Long or Lord Melville; viz. £. 40,000. as stated by you before this Committee ?—I really cannot.

When money was drawn for by the Paymaster during the last Treasurership of Lord Melville, to any particular bead of service, was such money drawn from an aggregate fund for which the Treasurer of the Navy was credited at the Bank, or were the drafts drawn for monies applicable to distint heads of service, paid out of distinct accounts raised for such head of service in the Bank books ?—The balance of money to the credit of the Treasurer of the Navy at the Bank was not distinguished by different heads of service, but formed an aggregate, upon which the drafts were distinguished by the beads of service; but the accounts of the Bunk were not so distinguished.

Were certificates, during that Treasurership, regularly sent to the different Boards of the sums at the Bunk, applicable to the service of each Board, by the Treasurer of the Navy or his Agent, in order that they might be informed of the balances for the amount of which they

t^-

45 Geo. III. Appendix.

847

Report from the Select Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry-—continued.

they might make alignments ? —The Hoards were regvilurly informed of all issues of money from the Exchequer by certificates or receipts, dated upon the day of such ifiues, and the application of such monies.

Von have before hated, that all drafts drawn on account of every branch of service, although such drafts dilUngmlhed each branch for which they wore in drawn, were paid out of mi aggregate fund at the Hank; how then could information be given to the different Boards of the specific sum allotted for the service of each Hoard at the Bank?—The ithue of money from the Exchequer is directed by the Treasury, and in their letter the services for which the money is to be applied is distinctly Rated, and the certificate or receipt is in feme respects a copy or transeript of that letter.

In point of fad, in drawing for monies for any branch of service, was it matter of consideration with the Paymaster, whether the balance for such branch of service at the Bank was specificaliy adequate to the demand of that branch, or whether the general balance at the Bank, to the credit of the Treasurer of the Navy, was adequate to the demands, or probable immediate demands, of all the branches of service?—I have not the means of ascertaining'whether the particular head of service was adequate for the amount of such drafts of the Paymaster; and with regard to the latter part of the Quetlion, I •believe that the aggregate fund was always sufficient to answer the drafts upon the various heads of service for which they were made.

V\ hen the monies had been issued from the Exchequer, as before Rated, and the certificates or receipts had been sent in consequence of inch itVucs to the different Boards, were the drafts given on account of the service of each Board checked, according to the balance Rated in such certificate to be applicable to the service of such Bon’d ?—There are-three great heads of fenfire, namely, the Navy, the Pay, and Victualling; but these branch out into various other heath, the account ot which is kept by tach Board, by which they regulate their alignment* upon the Treasurer; and when such minor heads are neailv evhaufted, the Boards then dutd the Treasurer to make further application upon thtie heads.

Suppofina an issue to have beeu made from the Exchequer to the credit of the Treasurer of the Navy at the Hank, of the sum of £. 100,000. for each great head of service, and that the* demand made for the first head amounted to £. 150,000. and the demands for the two otheis to £.50,00©. ach, would the alignments of the first have bem flopped on account of the excess of the demand above the issue for that particular head, or wonlu such alignments have been allowed on account oi the aggregate balance exceeding the aggregate demand? I p relume that the different Hoards have never made nfiign ants to a greater extent than the actual amount of money received from the Exchequei for each particular minor head of service; but it the BuaiU's application had been short blued, I do flip pole the service may have been delayed until the whole application was completed. I beg leave to add, that i am not competent to answer tl is queliion to the f*t:sfaoHon of the Honourable Committee; and tint it more particularly lefts with the different Boards than any person in the Navy Pay Office to answer it fully.

Is it usual lor the Treasury to make partial ifiues upon memorials from the Treasurer upon the direction of the different Hoards for such ilmes?—Very frequently.

Who gives directions to the Treasurer of the Navy to apply for money by memorial on the Pay branch ?—The Navy Hoard.

How were such memorials, in point of Ld, conveyed during the lull Treasurerthip of Lord MelnUe?—By letters addressed to the Treasurer of the Navy from the Navy Board, regularly signed by three Commissioners of the Navy Hoard, upon which letter the memorial to the Treasury was formed, together with a copy of the letter inclosed.

How are the payments made in the Pay branch?—To parties themselves in money, such as Seamen, and to the Agents of Odicers; to whom, if their demands are large, the Deputy Paymaster may sometimes give his drafts. Theie are other kinds of payments, such as Half-pay, which the Officers of the Navy have a privilege to receive by remittance bills, drawn upon Collectors of the Revenue nearest their own homes; those bills, I under and, are transmitted to their Hoards, as forming a part of their collections, and the Boards afterwards bring them to the Pay Office for payment.

Is the pay and half-pay of the Navy regularly paid, or at what difiance of time from the periods from which it is due?—I think it has generally been three months after it has become due; bat it varies; and at this time the half-pay of the Navy, due at Christmas lafi, only commenced payment on Monday lafi.

During the lafi Tn*afurership of Lord Melville, what was the longefi arrear of the half pay of the Navy?—I cannot answer that question precifily, ©therwife than generally, as I have answered the former question.

Can any information on the subjeffc be obtained by any books or documents ?—Certainly.

Vol.6o.

Were the bills drawn by the Collectors of the Revenue in consequence of payments made by them to half-pay Officers in their respective neighbourhoods, when accepted, in all infiances regularly honoured ? -The bills are not drawn by the Collectors of the Revenue, but upon application of the half pay Officer to the Treuiurer of the Navy, he cuufes to be made out two bills, being duplicates of each other, for the amount of the half-pay due; one of which is transmitted to the Collector on whom he desires it may be drawn^ and the other to himself.

Were such bills as you have now described, in all infiances, regularly paid, and without any delay ?—I do not know' an inhur.ee to the contrary.

Do such bills ever come into the hands of the Public, or arc they always transacted between the Revenue Boards and the Navy Pay Office?—1 believe invariably transa&ed between the Boaids -

Upon what direction, from any Board, was the irjemoii.il for the issue of the £. 40,000. paid by you into the hands of Lord Melville, or Mr. Long, font to the Exchequer?—It is impotfible for me to fiate upon any memorial by which that sum may have Leen leceivtd from the Exchequer, but was drawn from the aggregate buLmv < t the Treuiurer, and the transaction never appeared in any official hook whatever.

What account is there kept of money issued from the Hank to tie Paymaster or Treasurer, in the particular oITice, of the head of service for which Inch money is issued?—1 know of no such hook, but I apprehend Mr. Trotter may have kept such account in books of his own.

Is there then no public book of account, or document, by which it can be ascertained whether money issued from the Bank for any particular head of service, has or has not been applied to that head of service?—Where monies have been issued to the Calibers, such ifiiies are kept by them for the purpose of making out their fortnights accounts, and which accounts are kept in the books of tlm office.

Is the Treasurer of the Navy the Officer to judge of the adequacy of balances in the Bank for the several brand.es of service, or the Commissioners of the respective Boards?—The Conmiiifioners of the respective Boards.

Is the Treasurer of the Navy ministerial in executing the orders of the respective Boards, and notifying to the several Boards the ifiues made by the Exchequer upon his memorials, or does he act in any degree upon his own discretion?—I certainly conliuer that the Treasurer of the Navy acts in this respect minifierially, and not upon his own discretion.

Does the Treasurer of the Navy consider himself at liberty to subtract, and apply the funds so fubtraded from the balance of any one Board at the Bank, and to apply it to the service of another ?—-Certainly he cannot.

I11 case the Treasurer of the Navy did fubtrad from such balances for any purpose whatever, and the respective Boards assigned to the full extent of their balances at the Bunk, and the parties in pof-i’efiion of such assignments did actually present such afilgnments for payment, what would then happen?—I should consider it as a breach of duty, and what the Treasurer of the Navy had no power to do.

Has this case ever happened r—1 have never known an infunco of it.

llow came the £.40,000. advanced to Mr. Boyd, not to he productive of delay or ernbarrailment to the public service; was it from any knowledge the respective Boards had of such advance, and their forbearing to assign in consequence thereof, or from the assignments actually made by them not being immediately presented by the parties receiving the fame for payment?—I am fiimly convinced that the several Boards were unacquainted with that traniadion; and I believe it frequently happens that many bills, assigned for payment, are in the hands of individuals who did not present them for payment many days after the date of alignment of such bills.

Is there not a floating balance of this nature at all times at the Bank, to the credit of the Treasurer of the Navy?—There mull necessarily be so.

What means had each Board of judging of the balance in the Treasurers hands at the Bank, at their ditposal, at any particular moment?—By the accounts rendered every fortnight, they are fully informed of the amount of the receipts and payments, from which they can judge of the balance in the Treasurer’s hands belonging to their department.

By whom is such fortnightly statemenfc laid before them ?—The accounts are made out in the Navy and Victualling brandies, and transmitted to the Boards, with the signature of the Paymaster.

Has the Treasurer of the Navy any controul in the making out of such account?~Non© whatever.

Cannot the respective Boards at once ascertain the precise balance subject to their further alignment, by comparing their own assignments already made with the ifiues notified to have been made by the Exchequer

toG

Appendix^ (No. 58.) 270 Maii'i

cuttiinued.

848

Appendix. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 5-3.)

Report from the Select Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—continued.

2y# Mali)

ami mat d•

Exchequer ior the tervice of their particular Department, a copy of . which notification you stated to be regularly transmitted to them at j the time of such issue?—I unquestioiiaolv believe they can.

May not Victualling Rills, accepted by Agents of the Victualling Office from abroad, be presented for payment when there are no effects in the hands of the Treasurer of the Navy for paying the fame, in consequence of the Victualling Board not having estimated the payment of the fame in any previous memorial to the Treasury, of such Board not having had notice that such Bills were likely to be presented?—It is not likely that any Victualling Bill could be presented to the Treasurer of the Navy for payment, unless duly assigned for that purpose by the Board.

Might it not have been presented to the Board, and their alignment refused, until a credit upon their memorial to the Treasury was established at the Bank for paying the fume?—I certainly believe that such circumstances may have occurred in the Victualling Office.

Do you recoiled any instance of payment delayed, or refused upon any Victualling Bill actually aligned by the Commissioners?—1 do not recoiled of such a cireumftance ever having happened.

Cau you take upon you to say that no delay or embarrafiment, or inconvenience of any kind, did arise in any department of the Navy Pay Office in consequence of the irregular advance of £. 40,000. in the year 1796 ?—I do not recollect that any complaint or inconvenience did arise in consequence thereof.

(Question repeated.)—I certainly do not recoiled of any inconvenience having arisen from it.

(Quession again repeated.)—I really believe no inconvenience could arise from it.

‘ You have llated a variety of regulations for the conduct of the Navy Pay Office, and the Boards connected therewith, and a find compliance with all those regulations during the last Treasurership of Lord Melville; but did it not in point of fad happen, during that Treasurership, that large sums were drawn from the Bank in defiance of all or ibine of those regulations, and lodged in the hands of a private Banker, previous to their application to the services for which they had been 1 fined ?—1 mn aware that Mr. Trotter did ad in defiance of the Act of Puiliament, in placing public monies in the hands of his private Banker; but I do not lee that the stated balances could be atieded, whether the whole of the money remained in the Bank or the ft rung elicit of the Office, or elsewhere.

(Question repeated.)—The conduct of the Treasurer with regard to the making up of his accounts, agreeable to the forms of the different Boards, were strictly complied with, and it was this that I apprehended to be the meaning of the question.

Did it not in point of fad happen, that money having been issued upon memorials lent by the then Treasurer of the Navy to the Exchequer, under the direction of the different Boards connected with the Navy Pay Office, for the itiite of money for the services described, and money having been so iff'ued for such services, and certificate ha\ing been sent by the Treasurer to the Boards, in order for them to make assignments for such sums lb ifi'ued, that before the bills mentioned in such assignments were presented for payment, the Pay-mailer of the Navy did draw such monies, or parts of them, from the Bank, and place them in the hands of his private Banker, or elsewhere ?—I certainjy believe he did.

However irregular and illegal such transfer of Naval monies from the Bank to his private Bankers might be, did it in point of fact ever delay the issue of such money to the public service, or atfed the state of the balances, as between the respective Boards and the Treasurer of the Navy ? —I believe it never did.

When you state that no inconvenience could arise to the Navy from the advance of £.40,000. to Mr. Boyd; do you mean to say, that none was likely to arise according to the dual course of business, or that none could possibly, arise, if all the uutstanding assignments from the respective Boards had been at once presented for payment, however improbable this case may be?—I believe that no inconvenience would have arisen, supposing this improbable case to have happened.

What is your reason for this belief?—I understood, that the question applied only to the assignments already made having been brou-.lit in to their full extent; but if the different Boards hud al-fijtied to the full extent of their respective balances, the £.40,000. would in that case have appeared as a deficiency.

H as such case ever happened?—Never, in my re col ledum.

Y'ou have stated, that you believe no inconvenience happened to the public service in'any department, from the irregular advance of £. 40,000.; do you believe that an irregular advance of a much larger amount might likewise have been made, without producing any inconvenience to the public service ?—A larger advance, irregularly made, might have had the effect of producing an inconvenience, if the Boards assignments had amounted to a great extent, and thereby tire account of the Treasurer mi^lit have been overdrawn.

Did the floating balance in the hands of the Treasurer ufu-Uy exceed £*. 40,000. ?—It certainly must have usually exceeded it, for on that account I stated, that no inconvenience had urilen, to my recollcdion, in consequence of that advance.

At the time when there was a quession of making this advance of £. 40,000. did the Treasurer of the Navy converie with you upon the nioff practicable mode of his furnishing that sum of money from the Pay Office ?—Not to the belt of my reeolledion.

Do you know any tiding of that transudion, further than receiving his orders to furnish him that sum by a draft upon the Bank?—Ido not, nor did 1 ever know the application of it, until the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry.

The further Examination of Thomas Wilson, Esq.—taken the 20th May 1805.

[Mr. Wilson willies to amend his evidence in p. 847, 11th May—yfc after u no power to do," to insert, " I certainly now conceive, that if such improbable cireumftance /hoiild have Liken place, as the whole of the assignments being presented on one day, that the deficiency of the £.40,000. would then have appeared, and consequently that bills must have been refused payment."]

The further Examination of Thomas Wilson, Esq.—take# 23d May 1805.

Do you remember, with precision, out of what branch of fervidi the ift’ue of £.40,000. took place ?—As far as my recollection goes,

I Rill think it the Pay Branch; but X cannot state it with precilioo.

The further Examination of Thomas Wilson, Esq.—take* 24th May 1805.

Do you recoiled any instance to have occurred in the office of the Treasurer of the Navy, of a transfer made from one branch of service to another branch tinder different Commissioners; except the instance on the 4th of March 1797, in which a transfer of £.8,995. 13. t). appears to have been made from the Victualling to the Navy Branch? - It is the only instance which has ever come to. my knowledge.

Would the Office have felt itself authorized to make such transfer, without the specific directions to that effect, either of the Board of Treasury or the Victualling Board?—Molt certainly not

The Examination of the Right honourable Charles Long; -*• taken the 6th of May 1805.

State to the Committee in wlnit instanccsyou have any knowledge of monies issued for Navy Services having been applied to pmpoks not Naval?—I know only of one instance; it is that which is referred to in the Tenth Report, where Mr. Trotter fays, he had received from me a sum of money which he had before placed in the hands of Lord Melville. If the Committee will give me leave, I will state to them all the circumstances of the transaction to which tins refers, as far us they are within my recollection at this dilfunce of time: I11 the Autumn 1796, I received a note from Lord Melville, requeuing 1 would call upon him early’ the next morning at his office in Parliament-fitreet; in a cvnverlation I there held with him, he noticed the great difficulty in which all commercial men found themselves at that particular period, the alarm and distrust which prevailed, and the difficulty which they found of raising money upon the Left securities; he said, that this embarrassment was particularly felt by the house of MelVrs. Boyd and Company, who were Contractors for the Loan; that the Bank had refused to make their payments on the Loan as ulnal, or to discount their bills; and that, with ample securities in their hands, they were not enabled to raise money to pay the next instahnent, which was then just becoming due. That under these circumstances be thought it a public object to support the house; that if the house failed it would involve many others in its ruin, and give a great blow to commercial credit, already very much shaken. lie said they required the sum of £.40,000. to enable them to make good their engagement to Government; that he had found the means of advancing that sum, and which he could do without inconvenience, provided undoubted security was given for the repavroent of that sum within a very short period; that with this view of the subject be would place the sum of £.40,000. in my hands, deffring I would deliver it to Mr. Boyd, upon his giving such security as he had described, and that Mr. Boyd would call upon me at the Treasury tht fame day with such security. I do not ailed to state this conversation with precise accuracy at this period, but as well as I recoiled, tli# above is the substance of it. Upon going to the Treasury I found Mr. Boyd there, and delivered to him the sum of £.40,000. and received the security, amounting to Xomething more than £.40,000; I put these securities into a paper, which I 1‘ealed up, and transmitted them immediately to Lord Melville.

Did you know from what source Lord Melville supplied the money ?—L certainly did not at the time, but I have not the lead

doubt

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix

849

Report from the Select Committee on Tenth Report.of Naval Enquiry—continued.

doubt that if I had known the source from whence it came, my con-dud would have been precisely the fame; I should have given credit to Lord Melville that he would not have diverted the public money for the ftiorteft period from the service to which it was appropriated, to any dther service, unless he could do so without inconvenience to that service, without ri(k, and under an extreme public exigency; and under that pevfuafion, I have no doubt I should bavea&ed precisely as I did, had I known the source from whence it came.

What was the nature of the fecunty given by Mr. Boyd?—It confided chiefly if not entirely, of hills drawn upon and accepted by the East India Company, the greatest part certainly of this kind; if there was any other it was Government Security.

Do you recollect to about what amount the securities were?—As far as I recoiled, to near £.41,000.

Were the repayments of this money made, or any part of them made, through your hands?—The latter payments were made through my hands, amounting to above £.11,000; Lord Melville, I think, in the Spring in 1797, trunlinitted to me two of the bills drawn upon and accepted by the East India Company, amounting to this sum, desiring that 1 would pay the sum of £. 11,000. to Mr. \\ ilion, which was all that remained due of the £.40,000. and that 1 would pay the balance by which the security exceeded£. 40,000. to Mr. Boyd; this I did, as the lerunties were paid.

By whom were the bills on the East India Company drawn ?—I have no rerolhvion.

Can you lay w bether they were drawn by Mr. Boyd himself, or of any of the firm oi that houl'e ?—They were certainly not drawn by any oi the firm ot that house.

Were they of the nature of such securities belonging to the East India Company, as are commonly in the market ? 1 really do not

know the nature of the securities of the East India Company that are usually in the market.

Do you know who were the acceptors?—No, I do not.

Can you flute the precil'e date oi the repayment of the balance of £. 11,000. ?—£.4,000. in August 17*7; £. 1,000. 1 think, in October 1797; and £.6,000. early in January 1798.

Into whole hands were these iums paid?--The first and second into the hands of Mr. Willon, and the third into the hands of Mr. Trotter: as these l'ums were paid, Loid Melville was made acquainted with it, and I think the receipts of the parties were transmitted to him.

From whom did you receive the money upon the securities as they became due?—They were paid into Messrs. Drummonds, who are my Bankers, and were received by them in the ordinary course of business; these were of course paid by the East India Company, upon whom they were drawn.

Do you know any thing of the repayment of that part of the sum of £.40,000. which was not repaid by you?—I do not; i uriderltood th it it had been repaid a conftdCrable time before the sum that past'ed through my hands, and I have a general recollection that most of the securities had but a very short time to run.

Do you know of any other transaction of the fame description, or of any description, in which money ifilted for Naval Services may have been applied for purposes not Naval?—I certainly do not#

Do you recollect, in point of fart, what was the amount of Loans raised for the year 1796?—There was a Loan made in November or December 1795* amounting to £.18,000,000. and there was another Loan in the course of the year 1796 to the amount of seven millions and an half; Mr. Boyd was the contractor for both these Loans.

Fi om the then flute of the market, in case Mr. Boyd had been prevented from fulfilling his contract, do you conceive the Public would have had the means of obtaining a new Loan upon terms equally advantageous?—I should think certainly not, it was a period of very great and peculiar etnbarrafiment; it will be recollected that there was a very general run upon commercial houses, which was followed by a great p re flu re on tie Bank, and which led, early in the succeeding year, to the restriction of cash payments at the Bank.

Had the Bank fell itself under the neceility, at that period, of narrowing materially its accommodation to Government and to the Public?—To the best of my recollection it had; but that maybe ascertained with much more precision than I can state it.

Do you recoiled what our relations with the Continent were at that moment, with respect to subsidies?—I believe fiibfidies were in the course of remittance, but I cannot date precisely to what amount.

When was the first Loan raised for the service of the Emperor of Germany?—I rather think in 1705.

Supposing the contracts for the Loans at the house of Messrs. Boyd had been dissolved by their failure of making infialments in the then flate of the market, would it have been easy to make another Loan in lieu thereof?—1 should think it would have been extremely difficult; but I suppose it might have been done, though upon terms certainly very disadvantageous to the Public.

Whether you explained to Mr. Boyd how the money was fumished

which was transmitted to him by you ? -There was no nccrflity for any such explanation, as Mr. Boyd knew perfectly well that I had received it from Lord Melville, and was feat by Lord Melville to the Treasury to receive it from me.

Did Lord Melville explain to you why he wifiied to furnish this accommodation to Mr. Boyd through you, rather than directly from himself?—He did not; but I conceive it was furnished through 111c, because he supposed that he was giving assistance to the Public in a manner in which he thought the Treasury particularly interested, and he explained to me, that he wifiied the tratiikrtion to he secret, as otherwise it might tend to injure the house of M(fills, Boyd.

Did you make any immediate communication to the Chancellor of the Exchequer?—I certainly did not; I acted under the impression that the Chancellor of the Exchequer was acquainted with the t. anf-action; it is probable I may have converted with him upon it, but I have no distinrt recollertion of any such conversation, except lung subsequent to the transaction. I recollert his remarking upon it, that he thought a great irregularity had been committed, but that he thought a great public mischief had been prevented by it.

Did you communicate with any other of the public servants on the subject ?—Certainly not.

Did you commit to writing the whole or any part of the transaction ? —I did not.

Was there any document, to your knowledge, in existence, by which the Public could have been made acquainted with this transaction? — When I transmitted the security to Lord Melville, I wrote upon one of the covers in which the securities were inclosed, the purposes for which they had been deposited; namely, that they had been deposited for the ptirpose of the repayment of the sum of £.40,000. which had been advanced by Lord Melville to the house of Messrs. Boyd.

Did that paper ever come again into your pofi’efTion ?—No, never.

Do voh know whether it rs ifr existence?—I do not; I wrote a similar memorandum respecting those securities, which were afterwards returned to me.

Is the memorandum kft referred to in existence ?—I do not think it is.

Was any interest paid by Messrs. Boyd fof the loan of this money during the time they held it?—Not to mv knowledge.

Whether in all other instances, where Government have advanced to merchants temporary Loans of money or Exchequer Bills, interest has not always been paid for such Loans? —I know of no instance at' all similar to this, but in all public Loans to merchants, interest, I believe, has always been paid.

Whether Mr. Boyd had ever made any application to the Treasury for aftillanee, to enable him to make good his payments on the Loan, prior to the time when you converted with Lord Melville on the subject ?—To the Left of my recollertion he never had.

Did he ever make any subsequent application ? —I believe not; I have no knowledge of any such application.

Was the second Loan for the service of the year 179ft a public Loan, or was it given to Mtflrs. Bo}d without any bidding, in consequence of his having contracted’for the foririer Loan?—I rather think it was a public Loan by bidding.

Do you recollert the date of the contrart for the second Loan for 1796?—I think it was in April 179ft.

Were both Loans made before this transaction?—They certainly were.

Were the instalments of both Loans in a course* of payment at the time that this transaction took place ?—They were.

The further Examination of the Right Honourable Charles Long ;—taken the 7th May 1805.

When did you become acquainted wfitli the source from which Lord Melville took the money advanced to Messrs. Boyd?—I certainly at first thought that Lord Melville had obtained this accommodation for Mr. Boyd either from Messrs. Drummonds, or from feme of hig private connexions, Mr. Boyd not having been able, from the extraordinary circumstances of the time to which I have before referred^ to raise upon discount the whole sum which wfas necessary; blit in the course of the transaction I certainly did believe that the money had been advanced from the balance in the hands of the Treasurer of the Navy; at what period this idea came into my mind I cannot at prefen t state.

Were you aware that in making such advailce, the Treasurer of the Navy was arting illegally as well as irregularly?—I probably had not the Art of Parliament very precisely in my recollertion; and it does not occur to me now, that at the time I Was satisfied he bad arted illegally.

Did Lord Melville tell you he had communicated with Mr. Pitt, and had his concurrence in the transaction ?—If I had recollerted that he had made any such communication to me, the communication would probably have been made in the conversation which I have before described, and I should have mentioned it as part of that conversation;

Appendix, (No. 58.) 2 70 Mail,

continued.

,______

Appendix. 1805.

Appendix, ' (Vo. JS.)

Report from the Soled Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—continued.

2J* Mail,

continued,

versation; I have no recollection that he did make such a communication, but I think it very possible that he inav have made it, and I certainly acted under the idea that the trail faction was known to Lord Melville and Mr. Pitt, and to no other person.

Was it uiual with you to t ran lad any business of great importance, or of an extraordinary nature, without direct communication with the Kiri! Lord of the Treasury, and taking his instrudions personally or by letter ?~Certainly not.

How came you then to omit the precaution in this instance ?—I have nut said that I omitted the precaution in this indance, but I certainly have no accurate recollection of taking his inlhudions upon this fuhjed; hut I have before observed, that I acted under the im-preflion of his knowledge of the transaction. I with to add here, that the receipt of the money from Lord Melville, the payment of it to Mr. Boyd, and the transmission of the securities, took place within so short a space of time, that it is very probable I had no opportunity of receiving particular instrudions within that period from Mr. Pitt; the whole business I underdood to be of great urgency, and that it was necessary the alliftance should be afforded to Mr. Boyd without any delay.

Do you recoiled whether Mr. Pitt first mentioned the subject to you, or you to him ?—I do not.

Had you at any time previous to the late Enquiry before the Naval Commissioners, any reason to suppose or believe that any other transaction of an irregular nature, other than the advance to MelVrs. Boyd, had taken place in the conduct of the Pay Office of the Navy?—I certainly had not.

Had you at any time previous to the said period any knowledge of, or reason to suppose that profits had been made by any individual connected with that department, of the public money issued for the service of the Navy?—I had not.

Did the payment of that £.40,000. to Mr. Boyd answer the intended purpose of laving the house from failure, and enable them to p iv the iublequeut instalments ?—'Hie subsequent instalments upon both the Lo^ns of Mr. Boyd were paid, and the house did not fail; how far the £.40,000. contributed to the support of the house, it is i:n possible for me to ft ate.

Do you know whether Mr. Boyd is alive, and within the realm?— I do not know; I heard of his being at Paris lbmc time ago.

* How long tince did you hear he was at Palis?—I cannot answer tln.t question with any sort of preciiion.

At what period of time was it from the advances that were made to Melh s. Boyd and Benlield, that the tranladiun took place in which an Extent was issued against their property on behalf of the Crown?—1 believe between two and three years; the Extent, I believe, issued in the course of the year 1799.

The Examination of the Right Honourable William Pitt; taken the 6th of May 1805.

Do you know of any instance of money, issued for Naval service, applied to purposes not Naval ?—I know of one such instance.

Have the goodness to ffate it.—It w’as an advance made front Naval money, in the course of the year 1796; I think late in the fuminer or in the autumn 1796; I am not able to ascertain the precise time; it was made to the house of Messrs. Boyd and Benlield, who were then contradors for two Loans for Government; the advance was the sum of £.40,000. It was made in consequence of a representation, that, from the difficulty which existed at that time in obtaining advances, even on good security, they were under such pecuniary embarrassments as would prevent their making good an inlkdment due to Government. Unquestionable securities were given for the repayment of the advance; and under thele circumstances, knowing no other way at the time by which serious mifebief to the public service could be prevented, and underfunding that the Naval service was not likely to suffer any inconvenience from this advance, I concurred in opinion with the Treasurer of the Navy, that it was advilable to make it. I muff beg the Committee to underfund, that I can only ffate the general fuLffance of the tranladiun to the belt of my recollection, not being able precisely to re cal all particulars at this dfftance of time.

To whom were the pecuniary embarrassments of the house of Boyd and Benlield made ?—To myself and Lord Melville.

At the same time ?—Whether separately or jointly I cannot undertake to lay, but I rather believe both ways.

With whom did the proposition for the relief of the house of Boyd and Benridd, by the means which were afterwards resorted to, originate ? —I am coniident the suggestion of the means muff have originated with the Treasurer of the Navy.

Did the Trealarer of the Navy ffate in what manner he meant to obtain the money?—I do not recoiled that be did; but I understood gnu*, rally, that it was money which could in his opinion be spared for a time without inconvenience, provided there was sufficient security for its repaymenL

Do you know in point of fad hgw it was obtained ?—I do not, from my own knowledge.

Did you enquire into the nature of the securities that were taken, or their amount?—1 was satisfied at the time that the fecimLes offered were such as might be depended upon, and I think I undtvffoi'd them to con lift either of Navy Bilis or of bills which had been accepted by the East India Company, which were to fall due at fucceiiive periods; but I do not recoiled having my fell seen the securities.

Did you conceive the transaction to be irregular and illegal?—I certainly considered it as irregular; I do not know it occurred to me at the time it was positively illegal; but I have, no difficulty in saying, that I was so ffrongly iinpvelled with the belief of its importance and urgent necessity, with a view to eftential public interests, that I Ihcrid have thought it my duty to incur the risk of committing an irregular and illegal ad, rather than expose the Public to the milchief which I thought would otherwise infallibly have arisen.

Did you make any memorandum in w riting of the transaction, or any pari of it?—No, I did not.

Did you take any ffeps towards obtaining an indemnity of such an irregularity, committed with your knowledge and concurrence?—No, I did not; and I conceive that it was impossible forme to have done so, without disclosing circumstances which muff have been highly injurious to the mercantile house it concerned, and might have m a great measure tended to counterad the objects of the public service which I had in view.

When such delicacy as to the difelufure of the transaction had ceased, did you take any such ffeps?—I have never hitherto taken any such ffeps; the delicacy attending such dik lofure could never, I conceive, bo considered as having cealed, till after the huula in question became bankrupt.

When did that happen?—I really do not recoiled, but it was & considerable time, I believe three or four years, after the traufaction; and I enntefs the neceility of applying for indemnity did not then present itleif to my mmd.

Were any of the other public servants acquainted with the transaction?—I believe no others, with the exception of Mr. Long, then one of the Secretaries of the Treasury, through whom the money was so advanced.

Do you know any thing about the repayment of the money, or the periods at which it was repaid? —1 only know it as I Earned it from Mr. Long, and I cannot ffate precisely particular periods; but I understood generally a large proportion of it to be within a (hurt time.

Do you know7 if it has all been repaid ?—I have no doubt but it has*

Do )nu know of the exigence of any document jnv where, at the time or since, or now, by which the Public could have come at the knowledge of this transaction:—! do not know of any memorandum or document made at the time, or fiuce; but I conceive, that il the monies had not been punduuilv lepaid, the securities deposited mull have led to ascertain to whom the advances were made.

T he money being paid, and the securities of course returned, was there, or is there any other fouree of such information?—None, that I know* of, but the evidence of the parties concerned.

Then, suppoling the death of Inch parties, was there, or is there, any such evidence at all?—None, that 1 know of, since the repayment of the l’ums.

Do you know of any other advances of money issued for Navy services to purposes not Naval, at any time, or of any ddcription?— No, I do not know of any such advances.

The further Examination of the Right Honourable William Birr;—taken the 71I1 of May 1S05.

Was any Interest paid by MelVrs. Boyd upon the Loan of £.40,000.? — I do nol know that there was.

Why was it not paid?—No demand wTas made.

Do you recoiled any other instance of public money advanced to commercial persons in which interest was not demanded:—I do not recoiled any limilar instance of such an advance.

Do you recoiled any other instance where intend has not beta paid ?—No.

For what reason was the demand of interest omitted ?—I can affigu no specific reason; it did not occur to me to be necessary.

W hat was the amount of money borrowed in the year 1795 I cannot take upon myself to say at this moment.

Do you recoiled how many Loans were made in that year?—I cannot now ltate it with any accuracy, but there was one made m December 1795.

Was Mr. Boyd Contrador for all or any of the Loans made in

1795?—lam fare he was Contrador for the loan made about December 1705; I do not recoiled any preceding loan.

Was the loan of December 1795 a dole loan, or a loan by public bidding?—There was one of the loans with Mr. Boyd a dole loan, hut cannot recoiled which.

Do

45 Geo. III. Appendix. 851

-- ~ ss *i-- s ■_ ■_ — sa . ■— i es 1 asss^aesseeacssacssss——-■—*• 1 ssar

Report from the Soled Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—continued.

Do you recoiled that Mr. Boyd laid claim to the Loan pi December 1795, in ronsequence of any previous transactions betwee n you and him, or of any underlbinding that had taken fjlace between you?—1 cannot tike upon myieli to Hate these cnxuiaUances now with accuracy upon recoiled inn, and I beg to refer to the examinations that were taken when the tmulaction was recent.

Was not a Loan of £.7,500,000. or the reahouts, con traded for in or about tin* month of April 1700?—I believe there was.

- Was Mr. Boyd Contractor for that Lam?—lie was.

W as that a dole or open Loan?—I do not now recoiled.

• Do you recoiled about what linn* the houi'e of Boyd hated to you their difficulties for the first time?—1 do not.

Can you recoiled whether it was previous to the Loan of the spring 17*10 ?—1 believe not.

Do you recollect a notice given by the Bank in December 1705, of their intention to narrow their discounts? —I recoiled such a notice beim A veil, hut 1 cannot now Hate at what precise period.

Was that notice acted upon?—1 under and it was.

l)o you recollect a general complaint, that the acting upon that notice had tended to iucreufe the eiiibanaliinent pre\ailing in the commercial woild at that timer —I uxoliect much complaint of that nature.

Did Mr. Boyd make any particular and specitic complaint to you of his own endian ailments, in consequence of the conduct of the Bank?—* 1 believe he complained of its. effects.

Had you any communication with the Governor and Company of the Bank on this subject of their conduct ?—I think 1 had couveriution oa the subject of their conduct in narrowing their discounts ut different tunes.

• Do you recoiled the date of the full ?—I do not.

Cm you give, the Committee any information as to the probable date of inch communications ?—-1 re »ily cannot, as 1 do not at present recollect when the measur was adopted.

Can v'*u recolfed the muons aligned by the Governor and Company of the B ».k of England for their conduct in lb narrowing their discounts ?—As acU as I recoiled, hut I cannot at this diffance of time speak with certainly, the re ah.ns affirmed were the clecreaie of ealh in their puJcffion, and a desire to check Ipeculation, to which they thought those discounts were applied.

Did any particular convention take place on the subject of the house of Boyd and Company in your communications with the Braik, or w'jis that house mentioned in any conversations that patted at that period?—I rather think, that house has been mentioned in iome conversations, hut 1 cannot now recoiled with any precilion.

Do you recollect the drift of any such conversations relating to that house?—No, I do not.

Did the house of Boyd complain, or ever Hate to you that the Bank were not so liberal in their discounts to that house as to others?—I think they did.

-Did you enquire into the reason of the particular conduct of the Bank towards that Louffi—I do not recollect that I did.

Do you recoiled any general information you may have received from any quarter of the icalons for that particular conduct?—Ido not.

Wh*n was you first informed of the danger in which that house found itself?—I cannot say; in the course of the year 1796, I believe.

Was that danger ascribed determined by them to the particular conduct of the Bank towards them ?—To the belt of my recollection it was.

Do you believe the conduct of the Bank towards them at that time to have been an exception to their then general conduct?—I do not know that it was, but I have* not sufficient knowledge of the particulars to form & judgment on that subject.

Was it so Hated to he by Boyd and Company ?—I rather think that they represented an opinion, that the conduct of the Bank was adopted with views unfavourable to them.

Have you any reason to believe such representations were well founded.*—I have had no means of forming a judgment upon that subject.

Do you believe the Bank to have been under difficulties about that period ?—I believe the difficulties of the Bank, which led to the fuf-pensions of their payments in ealh in the February following, were commencing in that year, or perhaps the preceding.

Have you any reason to believe those difficulties to have intermitted, or have been suspended about the period of the advance to Meffirs. Boyd of £.40,000.?—I do not at present recoiled any reason for such belief.

Did you know that the £. 40,000. so advanced would he drawn from the Bank ?—I had no knowledge of the particular mode by which that Him would he luriiiliied.

Did you believe it would come out of the Public Money advanced for Navy Services?—I did.

Ought not such money, according to law, to remain in the Bank VOI. 60.

till afllgned to, or drawn for particular Navy Services?—Yes, I conceive so.

Were you at the time aware of such legal provisions?—I certainly mud have known the exiltence of the Act; but its particular provision was not at that time under my contemplation.

Did the Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, in the information which they gave to you of one of the reaions which induced them to narrow their discounts, namely, for the purpose of checking ipeculation, allude at all, or in any way to the house of Boyd?—I cannot take upon nivself to say either way.

Did the Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of England, in the information they gave you of the reaions for their conduct in narrowing their discounts, Hate the necessity for their so doing, in consequence of the large advanc es under which they were to Government, and which had not been replaced according to agreement?—! think they made representations to that effect; but for the particulars I would beg again to refer to examinations which were taken before the Committee fuon after that period.

Had you any money transatiions on the part of the Public with the house of Boyd, subsequent to the Loan of the ipring 1796 ?—I think there was an issue of money to them for Public Service, which appeared in the Extraordinaries of the Army in 1797.

To what amount?—It will appear by the Extraordinaries; I think about £. 100,000. and, ns well as I recoiled, it was for the remittance of fdvei from India to the Cape*.

Did tliev apply to you, or were they competitors for any Loan fub-sequent to the Loan for the spring 171.!)? I do not rcculk-ch

Was any iiuonnation given to you, or had you any reason to believe the house of Boyd and Company were engaged in fpceolations to any amount besides their engagement? fur the Loans regociated with them? —I underlined them to he engaged m very exlenlive pecuniary or mercantile transactions as Bankeis and Itemilleis, but I had no knowledge of the particulars.

Was any information given to you, or hint thrown out, of the probability of the event winch actually took place, namely, the failuie of the house of Boyd and Company ?—1 hturd fu* miles to that effect, but I cannot fayr at what time.

Can you say that it was not at an earlier period th in the one at which the £. 40,000. was advanced?—I do not think that A was.

Do you know any thing of the cauies which led to that failure?— Nothing meciffily.

Have you heard what these cauffis were?-* I cannot pretend to recollect them now with pieciliun; the narrowing the discounts of the Bank, and their relufal in 1 to make the aecujlomed ad\auces on the Loan, was fta.ed as circTinhaT.res very prejudicial to them; but how far theie were the cauies of their ultimate failure I cannot judge,

Did you ever hear there weie large speculators in the public funds at the period of the negociations at Lille ?—I have heard such report, but know nothing of the subject.

What was the nature of the injury the Public was likely' to fuHain from a full disclosure of all the circumstances 1 elating to the advance made to Meffirs. Boyd and Benfield, as loon as they had made good all the instalments of the Loan ?—I meant in that part of my answer to apply particularly to the period w hile the infraiments of the Loans were not made good; the injury afterwards to the Public would have been that of the failure of any great mercantile lioule; but in that latter period, the principal reason I assigned for avoiding disclosure, was, the injurious effect it would have upon the parties themselves.

Do you conceive the £.40,000. advanced to Mr. Boyd, if it had not been so advanced, would have been productive of any interest to the Public ?—I conceive certainly not.

Will you Hate generally to the Committee, what you recollect to have been die ftute of the money market in the course of the year 1796, and the beginning of the year 1797?—I conceive it to have been a period of the greatest embarrassiment, both of public and private credit, and it led to the circumstance of the lloppage of the payment of caffi by the Bank in the spring 1797.

From the then Hate of the money market, in case Mr. Boyd had failed in making good his payments, and the contracts lor the two Loans then in progress of payment had been duioked, do you conceive a new Loan could have been procured ior the Public on terms equally advantageous ?—I am perfectly convinced that it would not, and that the embanaffiment that it would have occasioned to the Public Service would have been of the most serious and alarming nature.

In the then Hate of the market, would it have been eufy to have made a Loan in lieu thereof?—No, it w'ould have been extremely difficult, and I believe impossible, unless upon most unfavourable terms.

To what extent do you conceive the failure of Meffirs. Boyd's Loan would have effected the general credit of the country ?—To a very great and serious extent.

XO H Would

Append is, (No. 58.) 27* Mali,

continued.

Appendix, (No. 58.) 17* Maii,

continued.

852

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Report from the Select Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—continued.

Would die eft’ed have been such as to render the fulfilment of any future contract to be made with other parties, in a considerable degree, precarious and uncertain ?—That is matter of opinion of which I cannot speak positively, but I think there would have been great danger of such an efied.

Have you any knowledge of a certain sum of Public Money, amounting to £. 10,000. being in the hands of Lord Melville in the beginning of the year 178(5?—No, 1 have not.

v The further Examination of the Right Honourable William Pitt;—taken the 8th of May 1805.

Were auy representations at any time made to you by any body, of the circumstance of money issued to the Bank for Navy Services, being drawn from thence, and lodged in the hands of a private Banker or Bankers ?—I have a general recollection, that Mr. Raikes, one of the Bank Directors, and I believe either Governor or Deputy Governor at the time, took some occasion to mention to me, that he believed sums were drawn from the Bank to a larger amount than he supposed to be necessary, and carried to a private Banker's, but no memorandum or document of any fort was given to me; and at this distance of time, I can only state the substance of what passed very generally, and cannot undertake with any precision to recoiled the particulars*

Had you any communication wTith the Treasurer of the Navy in consequence of what Mr. Raikes had told you ?—Yes, I had; I took an early opportunity of Rating to him the opinion which Mr. Raikes had expressed to me.

What further paH'cd on the subject?—I cannot Rate precisely the conversation that took place between us, but I was led to suppose from what passed, that the Treasurer of the Navy did not believe that any larger sums were drawn from the Bank than such as were necessary for carrying on the detail of the service in payments to individuals; but I beg to have it underRood, that I cannot Rate with any precision the terms which were used, I only Rate the general impref-Rob left upon my mind.

Was that general impression such as to lead you to dilbelieve the fed Rated to you by Mr. Raikes, namely, that money was drawn from the Bank under the authority of the Treasurer of the Navy, and lodged at a private Banker's?—It did not lead me to dilbelieve the fad, that money was drawn from the Bank, and lodged at a private Banker's; but it led me to believe that no other sums were drawn but such as were necessary for carrying on the details of the service.

Were you aware that such proceeding on the part of the Treasurer of the Navy was irregular ?—I was so far satisfied with the general statement so given me, that I made no further enquiry, and did not particularly advert to the provisions of the Act of Parliament; and it did not occur to my mind, that drawing such sums of money as were necessary for carrying on the details of the service was an illegal practice.

Did you take any Reps to verify the Ratements made to you, by calling for an examination of any books, accounts, or papers on the subject ?—No, I did not; I beg leave to observe, that I have already Rated that I was so far satisfied with the general Ratement which I received in conversation with the Treasurer of the Navy, that I made no further enquiry.

Did you inlorm Mr. Raikes of the satisfaction you had obtained from your conversation with the Treasurer of the Navy ?—I do not recoiled having afterwards any conversation with Mr. Raikes on the subject.

Did you inform any other of the Public Servants, or any of the Law Officers of the Crown, of the communication that had been made to you by Mr. Raikes?—No, I did not; no impression was left ©n my mind, after the conversation with the Treasurer of the Navy, to make me feel it necessary to take any Reps on the subject.

Although you did not know to what extent money was so drawn from the Bank by the Treasurer of the Navy, and lodged at a private Bunker's, did you know the practice was continued ?—I do not recoiled knowing any thing afterwards on the subject; but I conceived, from the Treasurer of the Navy's conversation, that the practice took place only as necessary for carrying on the services, as I have already explained.

Did you inveRigate such necessity ?—No, I did not; I relied on the opinion given me by the Treasurer of the Navy, without further examination.

Do you recoiled how soon after the conversation with Mr. Raikes, your conversation with the Treasurer of the Navy took place?—I do not recoiled with any certainty, but I believe very soon after; probably on the firR occasion 1 had of conversing with him, when our attention was not engaged by other prefiing business.

Did he Rate to you any ground of the necessity he alledged for placing the money at a private Banker's?—I have already.said, that I cannot, at this diRanee of time, recoiled the particulars of what palfed; but I believe that he Rated his opinion of the impofiibility of carrying on various detailed payments in any other manner. I

Do you recoiled that the propriety of the revision of the exiflin*

laws on the subject formed any part of that conversation}___No, I am

persuaded it did not; }ie did not appear to me to have any impressiun on his mind that what was done was contrary to law.

On what ground, as far as you can recoiled, did Mr. Raikes make any communication to you on the subject ?—I have already Rated, that my recollection does not enable me to refer to the particulars of the conversation, but I conceive him to have Rated, that he supposed money to be withdrawn to a greater amount than was necessary for the Public Service.

Had you any infarmation at any time from any person, in any manner, of irregularity in the management of the Public Money advanced for Navy Services besides the communication made by Mr. Raikes; or did you, in point of fad, know of any such irregularities in anyj other manner?—I had no such information besides that re ferred to, nor did I know any thing further on the subject until at a period long subsequent, I learned from Lord Harrowby, then Treasurer of the Navy, that he thought the pradipe which had prevailed irregular, and was taking Reps for altering it.

Had you any conversation or correspondence with Lord Melville in consequence of such communication from Lord Harrowby ?—No, I had not-

When this communication was made to you, by Mr. Raikes, did he suggest to you any idea of any improper application or use of the money so taken out of the Bank ?—I have no recollection that he did.

Had you, previous to the late enquiry before the Naval Commissioners. any knowledge of, or ration to susped that private profits had been made by Mr. Trotter, or any other person, of Naval Monies, or that the business of the Office was so conducted as to admit of private profit being made of such monies by any officer of that department?—

I had no knowledge at any time, previous to the Enquiry before the Naval Commissioners, of any such profits having been made by any person; nor had I any suspicion of the business being so conducted as to admit of it till after the communication I have before adverted to with Lord Harrowby, which conversation, to the befi of my recol-ledion, took place when I was out of office.

Had you, previous to the above enquiry, any knowledge of any sum other than the £. 40,000. Rated to be advanced to Mr. Boyd, being any time diverted from the service of th# Navy to purposes not Naval ?—None whatever.

Did Lord Harrowby tell you that be knew, or that he had reafo* to suppose, that profit had been made of Public Money issued for Naval Service?—I do not think he told me that he knew that it had, but he appeared to suppose that it might have been.

Were any Reps taken by you to al'certa in the fed?—No; them were not.

Had you known at the time that profits were derived from tha Public Money placed in the hands of private Bankers, should you have deemed it irregular and illegal, and consequently a practice that ought immediately to have been flopped ?—I should certainly have deemed it a practice that ought immediately to have been flopped.

W ^cn Mr. Boyd informed you of the danger his house was in, tad Rated that danger to arise in part from the conduct of the Bank, did you take any Reps to enquire into the truth of such allegation ?— 1 do not recoiled making any enquiry in consequence of Mr. Boyd's representation.

W hen the Ratement of difficulties was made to you by the house of Boyd, did you take any Reps to enquire, by yourself or others into the real solidity of that house, before you consented to the advance of £. 40,000. ?—»l did not make any minute enquiry; but I bad a Arong peri uaf ion of the solidity of the house, and a belief that their difficulties were only occasioned by the temporary scarcity of money: and 1 did not hesitate to make the advance, because 1 conceived the security for its repayment to be unquestionable.

The further Examination of the Right honourable WtilliaM Pitt ;—taken the 9th of May 1805.

Do you recoiled having been informed by Mr. Thornton, that he had reason to suppose the house of Boyd and Company would ultimately prove insolvent, and that you therefore would not futfer a bidding to be made for a Loan you were then negotiating subsequent to the Loan of £. 7,500,000. above alluded to, and for which the house of Boyd and Company, in conjunction with others, withed to bid?—1 have no diflind recollection of that transaction; but 1 think there was an occasion on which I declined receiving the proposal from some other Bankers, who were supposed to be associated with Mr* Boyd; as well as I recoiled that mult have been at a later period; the Bankers were, as well as I recoiled, Melfrs. Strange and Company.

Do you recoiled those Bankers to have produced or said they were in possession of written inflrudions from the house of Boyd to bid ?—

I do not recoiled their producing any such instructions, hut 1 am pretty confident they Rated theinfolves as wishing to bid QU Mr. Boyd’s behalf as well us their own.

Do

1

45 Geo. III. Appendix. 853

Report fr om the Select Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—continued.

Appendix,

(No. 58.)

Do you rec oiled the information given by Mr. Thornton ?— I do nnt particularly; I imagine Mr. Thornton in 11ft have attended either as Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank, that having always boon the practice previous to a bidding, to refer to the Governor and Deputy Governor for information, if there was any doubt of the suffi-cicncy of any of the parties that came to bid.

Did you then refer to the Governor or Deputy Governor as to the sufficioncv of the house of Boyd ?—I cannot answer that from memory; but I have no doubt I referred to them on the sufficiency of the parties Joined with Meftrs. Strange.

Was the Public Money Anted by you to have been intruded to the lioiiie of 15oyd for the purpose of its being remitted to the Cape of Good Hope, lb intruded to them subsequent to your refusal of the lift of MellVs. Strange and Company, as bidders for the Loan ?—I belie.vc not; but I have already said 1 cannot say with certainty" when that odor on the part of Messrs. Strange was made.

Was the money so intruded to the house of Boyd punctually paid? — No, it was not.

Has it all been paid?—I believe it has not; an Extent was i (Tued,

I believe, in 1799, in order to secure the recovery of what was due.

Can you date what was the amount due at the time of issuing the Extent?—No, 1 cannot.

Can you date what is now doe ?—No, not with certainty.

Did not the house of Strangs; which offered to bid for the Loan in conjunction with Boyd, as was underdood by you at the time* and whole oder was rejected by you, afterwards fail ?—Yes, it did.

The further Examination of the Right Honourable William Pitt;—taken the 17th of May 1805.

Have you any rcafou to suppole that £. 20,000. of money issued for Naval Services, was applied to pur poles not Naval, during the lad Treasurerfuip of Lord Melville, betides the sum of £.40,000. dated to have been advanced to the house of Boyd and Beufield, in the year 1796?—I underdood from conversation with Lord Melville, that to the belt of his recollection, that was nearly the amount; and on that ground I llated my belief to that effect in the House of Commons.

Have you any information as to the purpose to which such money Yras applied ?—1 have not.

Did you make any enquiry of Lord Melville on the subject?—I did not.

When did the conversation take place ?—Some time after the Tenth Report was puhlilhcd.

Were you Eirlt Lord of the Treasury in the month of May 1800? —I was.

Do you recollect having been present at a Board of Treasury on the 29th of that month, to which Mr. Rose fubnutted a statement of a debt due to the Treasurer of the Navy from Mr. Adam Jellicoe?— TJic precite date I cannot ascertain from memory; I perfectly recollect the itatement, and the Memorial of the Treasurer of the Navy, on which it was founded; both of which were under my confuleration before the Minute of Treasury was framed. I believe I was actually present at the Board, but of that I cannot speak positiveiy.

Had you any communication with the Treasurer of the Navy on the subject of his Memorial, previous to its being submitted to your consideration ?—I believe I had, and that his communication was to the fame effect as what was contained in the Memorial.

Did you take any steps vourieh, or give directions for steps to be taken, in order to verify the statements and allegations contained in that Memorial?'—I do not recoiled that 1 did; 1 had 110 doubt of the truth of the fads represented.

Are writs of Privy Seal for acquitting Public Officers of deficiencies, due to them by persons employed under them, usual ?—I do not apprehend the inltuncesare frequent; but 1 take it to be the regular mode of giving a ddcharge where any circumstances appear to justify it.

Do you recoiled any instance of a similar nature ?—I do not at this moment, but I rather believe others have occurred while I have been at the Treulury.

Did you take the opinion of the Law Officers of the Crown on the propriety or legality of the writ in question?—1 did not; I conceive the propriety of it to rest on grounds on w’hich the Treasury were themselves competent to decide; of its legality I have not the llighteft doubt.

Do you know who drew" the instrumeat ?—No, I do not; I suppose the Solicitor of the Treasury.

Did you enquire what was the (late of the proceedings which had been inlhtuted by direction of the Treasurer of the Navy to recover the debt due from Mr. Jellicoe?—I think it probable that I did, but I cannot take upon myself to say; I do not recoiled the particulars with sufficient precilion,

* Have you at any time since given any directions for proceedings to be continued on the part of the Public for tht balance ftiU due from the estate of Mr. Jellicoe ?—-I do not recoiled that I have; I oon-ceived that the Solicitor of the Treasury had previously been directed to take all the steps in his power; I must also add, that it was not many months after that period that I quitted office.

Are you aware that the Solicitor of the Treasury has suspended all proceedings in that business since the year 1792 or 1793 ?—I an* not aware of it, except as far as appears by his evidence before the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry.

Since your return to office, and since that fad was so brought to your observation, have you taken any steps to ascertain its truth, or given any direction towards obtaining the balance on the part of the Public ?—I have not taken any step on the subject since my return to office.

Have you had any conversation with Lord Melville on the subject, at any time since the ifi’ue of the writ of Privy Seal?—The subject may have been mentioned, but I have no recollection of any particular conversation upon it.

Ilad you any reason at any time to doubt that the proceedings against the estate of Mr. Jellicoe were duly carried on, and the proceeds regularly accounted for in the discharge of his balance ?—I do not recoiled any circumstance that gave me any reason to doubt it.

Did you consider any fresh instrudions on the part of the Treasury as necessary to secure to the Public the entire of such proceeds ?—It never occurred to me that they were, fior do 1 now conceive that they were.

Had you any information given to you at the time, of the nature of the proceedings instituted, of the situation in which they flood, and of the expectation that might be reasonably formed of further proceeds from the estate of Mr. Jellicoe; and in wffiofe hands was placed the conduct of the business ?—I have no doubt that I had, though I cannot now state, upon recoiled ion, the particulars of such information.

[A letter from the Naval Commissioners read.]

27* Maii,

continued.

The Examination of Thomas Raikes, Esq.—taken the 7th of May 1805.

Were you Deputy Governor of the Bank in the year 1796?—Yes*

Who was Governor?—Mr. Daniel Giles; he is now dead.

Do you recoiled a refusal, on the part of the Bank, to make any payments upon a Loan or Loans contracted for by Boyd and Company?—I do not exactly recoiled that.

Do you recoiled a notice given by the Bank, of their intention to narrow their discounts about the end of the year 1795, or beginning of 1796 ?—I remember such a circumstance, but cannot exactly state when it was.

Was such notice acted upon?—Y"es.

Was there any particular conduct on the part of the Bank, towards the house of Boyd and Company, in refusing to discount the bills of that house in the fame proportion as the Bank difeounted bills for other mercantile houses?—No; the Bank told Mr. Boyd that they would discount for his house the same as they did for any other house of the most respedable situation, but Mr. Boyd required an accommodation of fix times the amount which was accorded to the mod respedable houses.

Did the Bank, in point of fad, treat the house of Boyd as liberally as any other commercial house whatever ?—I believe they did, until by their own mifeondud they ltfl'ened the opinion of their owa credit.

About what time did the opinion of their credit begin to diminiffi, so as to induce tht Bank to alter their conduct towfards them ?—It is impossible for me to determine that by memory, but I believe about the year 179ft.

Were any representations made, or communications held with tht Chancellor of the Exchequer, on the subject of narrowing the Bank discounts ?—I make no doubt it wa mentioned in the frequent conferences the Governor and I had with the Chancellor of the Exchequer at that time.

Do you recoiled any particular mention, in any of those conferences, of the house of Boyd and Company?—No, I do not.

Do you recoiled when the house of Boyd and Company failed?— I do not recoiled.

Was this state of the money market in August 1796, such as to have made it difficult or impossible to have discounted Navy Bills or Bills accepted by the East India Company at ftiort dates ?—It is impossible for me to recoiled.

Were the difficulties of the Bank considerable about the months of August, September, and October 1796?—Yes, the pressure for discounts was very heavy.

The further Examination of Thomas Raikes, Esq.—taken the 8th of May 1805.

It has been dated to the Committee, thaW the narrowing of the Bank discounts had for one object the checking of speculations lup-

posed

854

Appendix

A. 1805

Appendix,

(No. 58.)

Report from the $ele& Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry— continued.

ay Jifaii, continued.

posed to be going on at that time; was that the fad?—I do not recoiled any such circutnitance.

Was the general measure taken with a view to the house of Boyd in particular ?—I have been in the Bank twenty-eight years, and I never knew it to ad on furli partial consideration.

Had you been aware’that a certain lum of Public Money, which by law ought to have remained in the Bank till the time at which it might be wanted to be applied to the special service for which it had been issued to the Bank, would be withdrawn for the purpose of supporting the house of Boyd, should you have thought it your duty, with a view to the interests of the Corporation of which you then had, in conjunction with Mr. Giles, the principal management, under the difficulties of the Bank at that particular period, to have remontlrated with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on such traniadion, to have made any representations to him or others on the lhhjed, or to have taken any l'teps to prevent it?—I certainly knew nothing of any such circundlaiice; if I had known it on any lure foundation, and that auy responsibility thereby devolved on the Bank, I certainly should have thought it right to have expollulated with the Chancellor of the Exchequer upon it.

State why you would have expostulated with him ?—Because if I knew that monies which were appropriated for the Public Service were applied to the use of a private individual, 1 should have thought it requisite, if it Cv me to me officially, to have mentioned it to the Chancellor of the Exchequer.

Do you remember in February 1796, any application being made to the Bank Directors to make the customary payments on behalf of the Contractors, for thp Loan taken in November 1795?—I cunnot

recoiled it now from memory.

Can you state whether any application of a similar nature was made in May 1796, upd refilled by the Directors?— I cannot from my memory, but I believe there was something of that kind happened about that time.

Can you recoiled whether an application was made to the Bank in June 1796, to advance on the Loan of seven millions and an half, taken the preceding April, on which the Diredois contented to advance the 3d, 4th, and 6th payments, but not the last, v hi li was due the 26th of Odobei ?—My memory is not prepared to answer this question.

Can you recoiled whether the second Loan was or was not in October 1796, at a discount of from 8 to 9 per cent. ?—I do not recoiled it.

Is there any custom at the Bank which prevents the difrretion of the Bank Directors as to making advances upon Loans, according to their opinion of the solvency of the persons concerned in the contracts, or their judgment on other circumstances of the time?—No.

Has the usual custom of making advances upon certain payments of Loans ever been departed from, except in the cases alluded to ?— Yes, I remember several.

Enumerate them ?—I cannot.

The further Examination of Thomas Raikes, Esq.—taken the 8th of May 1805.

Are you aware of the provisions of the Act of the 25th Geo. III. cap. 31. for regulating the office of Treasurer of the Navy, in so far as they relate to the llTues of Public Money to the Bank for Naval Services ?—I never law the Ad, or ever heard any particulars of it.

Do you know in pointof fad, that Public Money for Naval Services is issued by the Exchequer to the Bank, to be drawn from thence by the Treasurer of the Navy or his agent, when applied to such services i—Yes, I know that is the customof the bulinel's, and that it came to the Cashier’s Office in the Bank.

How is it drawn from thence?—I cannot speak from my own knowledge, the Cashier manages all that butinel’s.

Do you know of any sums of money paid from the Exchequer into the Bank for Naval Services have been drawn from the Bank, and placed in the hands of private Bankers ;—From my own knowledge I cannot say I do know.

Has such information been given to you at any time?—Yres, I believe in the year 17(17.

By whom?—Mr. Giles, the then late Governor of the Bank told me that Mr. Dundas, then Treasurer of the Navy, kept his cash, which by Ad of PaiLament he was d.reded to keep at the Bank, at the p.ivate banking-house of MetVrs. Coutts and Company. I was going that day to the Chancellor of the Exchequer on business from the Bank, and I thought it of sufficient consequence to mention the matter to him; but I called in Mr. Newland, the Caliber, and asked him as to the circuinftance, which he confirmed; and added, that Navy Bills were now paid by drafts upon MefiVs. Coutts and Company, inst^ad of upon the Bank, as they had formerly been: when I wcuL up to Mr. Pitt, alter the immediate object of my business from the Bank was over, I did in conversation mention the circumstance to bun.

Did any thing further pal’s ?—Nothing particular; I think Mr. Pitt thanked 111c for my information, and made uo further observation.

Did Mr. Giles tell you any thing of the extent of tilde trail Unions, or when they commenced ?—Not that 1 recolL-ct.

Had you any other conversation with the Chancellor of the Exchequer than the one you have now ltaied ?—None that I recollect.

Upon a point of this natuie, atfecting the interest of the Bankas well as those of the Public, did it not occur to you to enquire vhnlor any, or what Heps had been taken in consequence of your toirnei ing-getiion?— I looked upon it that having made the matter known to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, it was in the hands ul the perlun most competent to let any thing l ight that might be wrong in the business; I do not recollect 1 heard any thing more upon the l'ubjed in the course of my otlice.

Did you, on your return to the Bank, make any nvnute of the fuhftance of what had polled with the Chancellor of the Exchequer on this subject?—1 mentioned the matter to the Committee of lrtJ.j.j and several of the Directors, but I made no particular minute m a; I had always made minutes when I was in the situation of Deputy Governor, but another Gentleman was now in that situation, and the practice was then discontumed, only a Clerk was appointed to ta-^c minutes of any actual hulineis that passed between the Governors uiid the Chancellor of the Exchequer; but matters of conveiLtion were not included.

Is it not usual to cause a minute to be taken of any reprefrntation made by the Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank, which they consider as official ?—This communication was not considered as official.

Of whom did the Committee of Treasury conlift at that time?— Mr. 1 homas Raikes, Governor, Mr. Samuel Thornton, bir Richard Neaves, Mr. Darell, Mr. Bolanqwt, Mr. Giles, and Mr. Mathew.

Do you recoiled the terms in which you made this communication to Mr. Pitt ?—Only as I before Rated.

What was the date of the communication you made to Mr. Pitt?— 1 do not know, but it was iometinie after the 5th of April 1707.

Was any information officially gi\tn to the Chine.'*]! >r of the Exchequer, on the part of the B.mk, after your eomaaui:Ciitmm> made to the Committee of Tiedury ?—I do not lecolled that any were.

Did you consider the iti'crcon given to the Conunittee of Treasury, as a m it ter of l mueis brought before them cm wnah it became them to ad, ->r on’.y as a report ol a con\ ei lhtion that had taken place ? — Merely ;u the latter light; I did not conceive lie ILnk hud ifnv right to apply further on the subject to the Chancelluroithi Exchequer.

Can vou mention in what terms vou made the £ommunicatkin t® M r. i ’tt? - I Uml lum tbit I had heard at the Bank that ni*»rr*ing, that the rlreafurer of the Navy now’ kept his caih at Mellrs. Coutts and Company’s instead of the Bank, w here I under flood it should be lodged by Act of Parliament; and that I hud also heard that Nuvy Bills were now paid determined by drafts upon Meifirs. Coutts and Company, in-ltead of drafts upon the Bank.

Are you certain that those are the terms in which you made the communication ?—1 am not lure of the terms, it was eight years ago; but I am lure of the purport.

Ilad yon any authority from the Bank to mention the conversatinn alludeo to, to the Chancellor of the Exchequer?—None, I aid it with a view to the public good.

You mentioned it as an individual only ?—I cannot fav quite as an individual; I was Governor of the Lank at the time I learned it at the Bank, and mentioned it to Mr. Pitt, being Governor of the Bank; 1 should not have known it had I not been in that situation, nor had any opportunity ot making the communication.

Did you mention the circurnfianre to Mr. Pitt, as Governor of the Bank ?—1 had no commdfion from the Bank to mention it to Mr. Pitt, but I did it in converlation alter the bufuiefs was over.

By the word " bufniels/' do you mean such communication to th* Chancellor of the Exchequer upon the hulineis of the Bank, which, ai Governor of the Bank, you was ’authorized to make to liimr— I do.

All the business which you were to communicate to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, as Govei nor of the Bank, was concluded previous to any such communication as that to which you have alluded ?-lt

VVU6.

Might not the circuinftance you mentioned to Mr. Pitt have com® equally to the knowledge of any holder of a Navy bill, or to any peiIon whom Mr. Giles inhumed as Le did you ?—Any holder of a Navy bill, who received for payment a draft upon Cmitts, nidi certainly know who paid them, but pe Imps he might be ignciant fmm whence the funds came; hut any per Ion to w born Mr. Giles communicated the intorniation he did to me, was equally mailer ot it as I was,

M hen you nmle this communication to Mr. Pitt, did vou not conceive you was dischargingyour duty as Governor uf the Bank, although

not

45 Geo. Ill*

Appendix.

855

Report from the Select Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—continued.

not acting officially ?—I had no commission from the Bank, but I thought it a duty to the Public Mr. Pitt should know it.

Was the Deputy Governor of the Bank present at this conversation with Mr. Pitt, or any other per fun ?—1 make no doubt the Deputy Governor was, though I do not absolutely recoiled the circumstance, for I always avoided going alone to the Chancellor of the Exchequer when I was Governor of the Bank, left by failure of memory 1 might ever omit any part of the business I had to do.

Who was Deputy Governor at that time ?—Mr. Samuel Thornton.

The further Examination of Thomas Raikes, Esq.—taken the 8th of May 1805.

When Mr. Giles informed you of the circumstance of the Treasurer Of the Navy keeping his cuih at a private Banker’s, did he throw out any hint that such money was applied for the profit of any person?— No.

Did any such idea suggest itfnlf to you, or did you at the time ever hear it, or know any thing of the matter?—I cannot say but I had some suspicion of it, but nobody ever told me, nor did any tiling of the kind ever come to my knowledge.

Do you recollect dating any suspicion of that fort to Mr. Pitt, or throwing out any hint tending that way ?—As 1 knew nothing of that kind, I had no right to throw out fufiiicions.

When did you first entertain such suspicions ?—When Mr. Giles first mentioned it to me.

The Examination of Samuel Thorntox, Esq. (a Member of the Committee) taken the 8th of May 1805.

Do you recollect applications made to the Bank by the House of Boyd, to make certain advances upon a loan or loans contrutf ed for by that house in the years 1795 and 1796?—I would premise that the loan taken in November 1795, was taken by Messrs. Boyd and Company, and conjointly with Messrs. Robarts and Curtis, Goldlmid and others, from whom there was a joint application made to the Bank for advances on the said loan in February 1796, but owing to the then state of public credit, and the situation of the Bank with relped to its specie, the Directors thought it prudent to restrain their engagements as much as poffihle; and as a principal means of so doing, and from that cause only, as far as my recollection serves, they declined advancing the progressive payments of the loan for the service of that year.

Were any subsequent applications made by the Contractors in the same year, and of the fame fort?—Two more applications were made, the first of them in May 1796, which was declined by the Bank on the grounds I have already mentioned; the next application was for an advance on a loan of seven millions and an half, which had been negociated in April 1796, for the express purpose of funding j£.7,5°°,o°o. chiefly of Exchequer Bills, and partly Navy Bills, held by the Bank, and for the express purpose of relieving the Bank from its advances to Government, which at that time pressed heavily upon it; in consideration of the nature of this loan, and the comparative smallness of its amount) the Directors contented to advance the 3d, 4th, 5th, and 6th payments, requiring the Contractors to pay the seventh and last, which’becume due on the 26th of October 1796.

Were the difficulties of the Bank then, and the necessity they felt themselves under to narrow their discounts, owing in a great, or any degree, to the advances made to Government, and the failure on the part of Government to repay those advances at the periods stipulated?— It was the prevailing opinion among the Directors, that the cause mentioned was a principal occasion of their difficulties, to which however must be added, a general alarm that prevailed in the Country, from an apprehension of the attacks of the enemy.

Was the step taken by the Bank to narrow their discounts, with & view in any degree to check general speculations, or the speculations of any particular house ?—I believe it was taken solely with the view to contract their own engagements; a house, supposed to be involved in hazardous sperulation, never enjoys the fame credit at the Bank as those who conduct their business in a regular way, hut this circumstance would only restrain the advances of the Bank to that particular house.

Did the House of Boyd enjoy as much of the confidence of the Bank at the time the applications made for the advances upon loans contracted for by them were made and refilled, as any other house, And were they treated respecting their discounts with the fame favour as any other house of the high eft credit in London?—Except their engagements with the Public, Messrs. Boyd and Company had *10 engagements, that were known to the Bank, to be of a nature or Extent that precluded them from receiving the fame accommodation as other houses of the first credit.

Did they in point of fad receive such accommodation?—Except the advances on the Loan they received all, or nearly all the accommodation they aiked for, to the belt of my remembrance.

How long did that confidence in the house of Boyd, on the part of the Bank, and the accommodation consequent upon it, continue ?— Until a few months before their failure, at which time I was so convinced of their ultimate insolvency, that I thought it my duty to apprise the Chancellor of the Exchequer; and at the negociation of a public Loan, which I believe succeeded next to that of 1796, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, in my presence, refused to admit Mr. Boyd and others concerned with him as bidders, which they had offered to become.

Could you by reference to any document, give the date of such bidding?—I believe I could.

Was Mr. Boyd present ?—He was not; but two Gentlemen offered a bidding for themselves and him, and Mr. Boyd sent printed circular letters, intimating, that such bidding was to be considered as a continuation of his lifts for the Loan; one of which letters I saw.

Do you recoiled the date of your communication to Mr. Pitt, of the opinion you had formed of the ultimate insolvency of Boyd’s house ?—It was not long before their actual failure.

From the knowledge you had then obtained of the situation of the affairs of that honfe, do you suppose their ultimate insolvency could have been presumed from an inipedion of their affairs, and the knowledge of all their engagements, so early as the beginning of the year 1796?—I had no apprehension of their insolvency in 1796, and drew the conclusion 1 mentioned, in a foimer answer, from the rvants of Ins house, expressed to me by Mr. Boyd, and the very inadequate securities he then had to offer; I never saw a statement of his affairs till some tune subsequent to his failure, and then only an abstract, which does not enable me to give an opinion on the last question.

Were the securities of the East India Company negociable in the months of August, September, and October, 1796?—The Bank discount only Bills that are payable within two months from the time at which they are offered; if the India Bills in the possession of Melfrs. Boyd and Company had a large time to run, I conceive there might be difficulty in getting advances on them at that period.

Do you apprehend houses of the first credit could not by any means have converted them into cash ?—I think houses, who had not before been under the necessity of railing large supplies, might have got such accommodation.

Do East India Bills, of the nature of those held by Messrs. Boydt as far as the Committee have had any description of them, bear interest?—The Bills drawn by the Presidencies of India are frequently made payable at two periods, at the option of the Court of Directors; if discharged at the first period mentioned in the Bill, no interest is received; but if the later period of payment is chosen by the Directors, the Bills bear interest for the time the payment is so pro traded.

Can information be obtained from any document in the hands of the Bank, of the drafts drawn by the Paymaster of the Navy Pay Office, during the months of August, September, and October, 1796? —From the Bank books, an account may be given of all payments made by them, but the drafts, which are the vouchers of such payments, have always been returned to the Navy Pajr Office, when the account has been liquidated.

Had you any reason to doubt the solvency of Messrs. Boyd's house between August and November 1796, when the advance of £.40,000. appears to have been made to him by the Treasurer of the Navy?— I had no other cause of doubt, except the extent of their engagements.

Did such doubts prevent them from receiving the usual accommodation at the Bank, given to other houses ?—It certainly did not.

Could the repayment of the said advance of £. 40,000. to the Public, under the circumstance attending the fame, as stated in evidence to the Committee, have been affected by the solvency or insolvency of Messrs. Boyd and Company?—If the securities were of the nature described exclusively, I think not.

Will you state what you recoiled to have been the discount upon the I.oan in the latter part of the year 1796 ?—1 had the curiosity to advert yesterday to Castine's Stock Paper, which is the best authority on those subjects, and find, that on the first Loan for the service of 1796, there is marked " No price," and in other places, " Nothing " done; " the second Loan of Seven millions and an half, is quoted there to be at a discount at from eight to nine per cent.

Suppofnig the contracts for the two Loans, then in progress of payment, had been dissolved, must not the advance of price to be paid by the Public for any new Loan have at least been equal to the discount on the Loan then existing?—I think there would have been great loss and great difficulty in negociating a fresh Loan for the supplies of that year; but it must be a matter of doubt whether it would bear an exact proportion to the discount on the existing Loan, in the hands of 1 necessitous people, who, from their situation, must press the sale in an. undue degree; I have no hesitation, however, to express my opinion, the cancelling a contract for a Loan at that period of the year would have been as calamitous as it would have beta unprecedented.

101 Had

Appendix* (No. 58.) *7° Mait\

continued.

1

856

Appendix

A. 1805

Appendix,

(No. 58;)

27" Maii,

continued.

1----- \ V

Report from the Select Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—continued.

llad the failure of that Loan then actually taken place, would such failure have tended materially to aggravate the difficulties you have Hated at that time td exist in the money market of the country ?—I thmk it would have shaken public Credit, and have materially attested the money market.

In point of fad, do the Public receive ariy interest on the money idiied from the Exchequer to the ihuik for public services, in the interval between the time it is (b issued, and the time when it is drawn out of the Bank for such services ?—The Bank is only a depository for such cash as is brought there, which may be taken away at pleasure, and therefore never allows interest.

Were the ektent of the engagements of the house of Boyd, in 1796, sufficient to cause any doubt in your mind of their ultimate folvCncy ?— I had less doubt of their Ultimate solvency than I should have of many others under similar circumstances, from the known extent of the fortune of one of the partners; but no house, whose engagements embraced so large a sphere as that of Boyd and Company, can, in my mind, be perfectly secure.

Did you at any time, state any doubts of your own on that head, or donverse at all on the possibility of such an event as did actually take place, stamely, the failure of the house of Boyd, with the Bank l)ire&or8, or any of them, in the year 1796?—The comparative security of different commercial houses, are always a subject of eon-versation at the Bank; but I do not remember any particular allusion to the house of Boyd and Company at that time under confide ration.

Do you know what causes immediately led to the failure of that house ?—I know only from report, that 3 large sum, alleged to be their property, was retained at Paris; that Mr. Benlield was disappointed of large remittances from India; besides which, it has been laid, that they had unsuccessful speculations in the public Funds.

Was the Loan which was contracted for in April 1796, also contracted for conjointly by Messrs. Boyd and Company, MefTrs. Robarts and Curtis, and Mr. Goldsmid ?—It was.

When a Loan has been contracted for conjointly by different houses, are they not all conjointly bound, by the contract entered into, to make the several payments on the Loan ?—The engagement entered into, and signed, at the time of the contract, is merely to make the deposit, for which I understand the parties to be conjointly engaged; but after the appropriation of different parts of the Loan to the respective subscribers, I consider each party to be engaged only for the sum set against his name; and, in proof of my opinion, there have been instancts of subscribers forfeiting the early payments which they have made, in consequence of their neglect to make those which were to follow; arid, I believe, in the last Session of Parliament, an Act passed to relieve a subscriber who was under these circumstances.

The failure of any of the Contraders for that Loan, in making good any of the payments on his part of the Loan, would not then have been attended by setting aside the contract for the whole Loan, but would have been attended by the forfeiture only of the several payments of the parts of the subscription held by such contradors ?—I conceive it would have been a forfeiture only of the part held by Messrs. Boyd and Company themselves as Principals, and as Agants for others, in which capacity I doubt not they acted; it is not to be presumed that they would have forfeited the seven or eight payments which must have been made on the Loan antecedent to the periods spoken of, which must have been to the amount of 70 or 80 per cent, consequently the amount of Loan held by them, as Principals and Agents, would have been brought to market, and sold at any price, to such persons as could make the payment in which Boyd and Company had failed.

Do you know how much of the Loan was then actually held by the house of Boyd and Benlield, at the time the advance of £.40,000. was made ?—I conceive no person but themselves can answer that question; but the sum of £. 40,000. would probably be equal to the payment on £.400,000; it is however probable, from the extent of their transactions, that they held a greater sum.

What would have been the probable eflfe£l in the money market at that period, if Messrs. Boyd had been obliged to fell their Scrip at any price, for the purpose of making good their share of the instal-ments then due?—I think it would have been very injurious to public Credit*

Must it not have affected the other subscribers to the Loan in making good their payments, by increasing the then discount at which the Loan flood ?—It would have lessened their ability to make such payments in the degree to which it prevented their felling their Scrip.

In point of fatt, might not considerable difficulty have been found in turning any large amount of ferip into money in the then state of the market, except at a price extremely depreciated, even with reference to the previous existing discount ?—I think it probable the discount would have been increased by the sale of any such quantity of ferip as that held by Boyd and Company; and much more fb, if

it had been suspected they were under the necessity of making such sale.

Had it been suspected that Messrs. Bovd were obliged to go into the market to make such sale on terms so disadvantageous, might it not have had a tendency to bring other demands upon their house of a nature to produce their failure at that moment?—It probably might.

State the effect which you conceive the failure of the house of Messrs. Boyd, regard being had to the extent of their money transactions, would probably have had in the general state of public credit at that moment?—The failure of any house of great commercial t run factions would have been a public calamity at that period; but the transactions of Messrs. Boyd and Company being mofily out of the kingdom, except inasmuch as they were Contractors for the Loan, and Agents to the Emperor of Germany for the advances made , to him by this country, would not have had more effect, if so much, as the failure of other houses of equal engagements.

Might not the failure of the house of Messrs. Boyd have involved other houses of importance in this country, and some who were also subscribers to the Loan ?—They would have difire fled such houses at had made advances, or, in the way of business, happened to be holders of their acceptances; but I meant in a former answer to imply,- that the Manufacturers of tfiis Country, and the Importers of East and West India Produce, had not any great concerns with them.

The further Examination of Samuel Thornton, Esq,—> taken the-10th of May 1805.

Do you know the date of the bankruptcy of the house of Boyd and Benlield ?— I. have in my hand ali extrudl from the Gazette, by which it appears, that Walter Boyd, Paul Benfield, and James Drummond, were bankrupts the 25th of March 1800; their certificate was dated 20th of September 1800.

Do you recoiled the date of the conversation you held with Mr, Pitt, wherein you informed him you were persuaded that house would prove ultimately insolvent, when, in consequence of that coaverikion, he refused a bidding for the loan from parties with whom that house were avowedly joined in such bidding ?—By a reference to feme docu* ments since my last examination, I am enabled to ascertain that it was subsequent to the month of July 1798, and I have reason to believe that the Gentlemen who tendered a bidding on their behalf, and were refused to be admitted as bidders, did it for the Loan in the year 1799

Were Boyd and Company contractors for any, or all the Loans made between the Loan of £.7,500,000. raised in Spring in 1796, and the Loan to which you have last alluded ?—Conjointly with other feta of Gentlemen, I believe they were.

Was the Loan contracted for in April 1798 of £. 17,000,000. taken by Messrs. Boyd, and did they fulfil their contracts for that Loan?— The contract for the Loans of 1798 were, to the heft of my knowledge, punctually fulfilled; and 1 believe Boyd and Coippany to have been parties to such contract.

Was the Loan of April 1798 a Loan by open competition?—To the best of my remembrance, it was.

You have fluted that the parties connected with Messrs. Boyd were refused permission to become bidders for the Loan contracted for in June 1799 of £. 15,500,000; can you recoiled how long previous to that bidding you mentioned to the Chancellor of the Exchequer your fnfpicions of the insolvency of Boyd’s house ?—The situation of Messrs. Boyd and Company was made knowm to me in July 1798, in consequence of an application to the Bank for extraordinary assistance, and some Gentlemen having been appointed to look into their affairs, as the assistance required was granted to them, some time must have intervened before I could have formed an opinion whether it would have been available or not: as soon as I was convinced that the assistance could not extricate them from their difficulties, I mentioned the circumstance in a conversation to the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and on the bidding for the Loan in 1799, when two houses, one ol whom was that of Mr. Strange, the son-in-law of Mr. Dundas, offered a bidding, I thought it my duty, when appealed to determined by the Chanctllor of the Exchequer for my opinion, to say that 1 thought the addition of that house, though then in credit, and the other house conjoined with them, did not give sufficient iolidity to the lift; atrd the Deputy Governor of the Bank at that time agreeing in opinion with me, the parties were called into the room, and told by the Chancellor of the Exchequer they could not be admitted as biddeis.

What was the interval, as near as you can recoiled, between July 1798, when the application was made to the Bank by Messrs. Boyd for extraordinary aid, and that when you, upon enquiry, was of opinion that the assistance required could not extricate that hoid* from its difficulties ?—I think not less than lour months; it might be more.

Had that period expired of four months, or more, before you expressed

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

Report from the Select Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—^on/iuiW.

pressed your suspicions as above dated to the Chancellor of the Exchequer ?—I with it to be understood that this communication was not official, and as such I have no memorandum of it; but I think that time must have expired, or more.

Did the Bank, in point of fad, give any aid to the house of Messrs. Boyd during that period ?—They did give aid to an extent, and upon securities, by which I mean the personal security of others, who became responsible for them, much beyond its usual way of business.

What was the general conduct of the Bank towards the house of Messrs. Boyd subsequent to that period, the expiration of the four months, or more, from July 1798 ?—The Bank’s accommodation was granted to Messrs. Boyd and Company for two months at a time, and how often it was renewed I cannot possibly say by memory; but as the personal securities were indisputable, it may have happened that the accommodation was continued even beyond the time I and others had apprehensions it would not be effectual.

What degree of general credit did the house of Messrs. Boyd stand in, in June 1799, when they were rejected as bidders for the? Loan?— I think no mercantile house would have given them credit to any extent.

The further Examination of Samuel Thornton, Esq.— taken 07th May 1805.

Had £, 100,000. Scrip been brought into the market in the month of September 1796, would such an addition to the Scrip then upon sale have produced any, and what effect ?—I think it would have increased the dil’count, which 011 the 5th of September I find to have been 15 and an half per Cent.; and the price of Exchequer Bills bearing 5 Per Cent, interest, to have been at 9 and an half per Cent, discount: on these, or at about these terms, I suppose £. 100,000. might have been fold.

The Examination of George Barclay, Esq.—taken the 10th of May 1805.

Do you know' of any instance, between August 1796 and January 1798, of any Victualling Bill which had leen regularly accepted, and presented for payment, not having been paid when so presented for Want of effects?—The ease happened to me in an instance of my own.

State the case.—It was in a bill of £. 1.000. drawn from Martinique by Mr. Desborough upon the Victualling Office, regularly accepted, and due the 18th February 1797, and paid without interest on the lft of March, eleven days after it was due.

When it became due, was it presented for pa)’ment, and if presented, what answer ?—I presented it myself the day it became due at the Victualling Office, and I was told there were no effects, or to that purport, and that 1 muff call again; I was told at the Victualling Office by the people there, that there were a great many bills in a similar situation; cannot say who the individuals were that gave the answer.

Do you know ef any Navy Bill due, not having been paid when presented for payment within the period alluded to ?—I cannot speak from my own knowledge; I have not the least doubt of the fad.

Did you call between the 18th of February and the ill of March ?— I sent one of my Clerks two or three times, and received the fame answer, till the lfl of March.

Hie Examination of Abraham Goldsmid, Esq.—taken the 10th of May 1805.

Were you one of the Contractors for the Loan which was made in November 1795 ?—I think I was; I am almost sure I was; but I cannot speak potitively.

Can you recoiled the number of inflalments, and the periods at which the inflalments Were to be paid ?—Most assuredly not.

Do you recollect what was the state of the money market in August 1796?—It is impossible to recoiled exactly, but I think money Was scarce all that year.

From your recollection of the scarcity of money at that period, do you conceive that Navy Bills, or the Acceptances of the East India Company to bills drawn upon them from their Prefldencies abroad, were securities discountable, or on which money might have been obtained by pledging such securities ?—Most afturedly not; I myself fold them at a large discount; with difficulty you could not get more than £. i,o«o. or £. 2,000., but nothing large could be depended on; it was only chance, and not to be relied on in any large sum.

The Examination of George Swaftield, Esq.—taken the loth of May 1805.

What are you?—Cashier of the Victualling in the Navy Pay Office.

Do you know any thing of any bill accepted by the Commissioners of the Victualling Office, aild presented for payment when due, not having been paid at the Office when so presented, between August 1796 and January 1798?—I do not recoiled any such circumstance, if the bill was complete.

What is the meaning of the bill being " complete’’?—That the bill might be accepted by the Board, but not assigned by them for want of money.

What is the meaning of M not assigned for want of money* ?—The money not having been issued from the Exchequer to the Treasurer of the Navy for the payment of it.

On what head of account at the Bank would the assignment of a bill upon the Victualling Office be made?—On the head of Victualling.

Is that class or head of payment distinct from the Bill and Payment Office ?—It is so distinct, that 1 have never any Cash at the Bank but under that head of Victualling.

Did it frequently happen that bills accepted were not assigned for want of money ? —I have known many instances of it*

Did such instances occur frequently between the month of August 1796 and January 1798 ?—Most probably they did 5 I cannot pretend to say, without my books of accounts.

By reference to these books of accounts, can you discover what number of bills due, and presented, were not paid within the periods alluded to, because they had not been assigned for want of money ?— No, I cannot myself, but I could learn it from the Victualling Board.

Do you apprehend it can be ascertained by reference to documents in the Victualling Office?—Certainly.

Would the assignment of accepted bills have been delayed, if a balance under that head of issue appeared in the books of the Commissioners of Victualling to be at that time in the hands of the Treasurer of the Navy?—I believe not, that belongs to the Victualling Board.

Do you conceive the delay of assignments to have been occasioned by the delay of funds being issued from the Exchequer to the credit of the Treasurer of the Navy at the Bank, or by any circumstance in the mode of conducting the business in the Treasurer of the Navy’s Office, after the funds had been so issued to him ?—The delay is certainly for want of money being at the Bank in the Treasurers name for that or any purpose.

Who i9 the head Clerk of the Pay Branch in the Navy Pay Office?

—John Swaftield* Deputy to the Paymasterl

By whom are the alignments made ?—Of these bills that I pay, the assignments are made by three or more Commissioners of Vic-* tualling.

Has the Treasurer of the Navy any thing to do with the making the assignment ?—No.

Does not the Treasurer of the Navy order the issue of the money when the assignments are made?—Whenever the Commissioners of Victualling assign bills for payment, they fend a list of those bills by way of advice, and that lift is generally sent to me, on which I apply for money to pay it.

Is such lift sent previous to the assignment being made ?—I cannot say pofijtively, but my instrudions are not to pay those bills without first having the lift.

Is the lift submitted to any body before it comes to you ?—Very rarely.

Is it ever, or has it ever been?—Not that I can recoiled; those lifts are generally sent to me open by one of their Messengers, and frequently by orie of their Clerks.

Do you ever recoiled notice having been sent to the Victualling Office not to make assignments of any list, or any bill or bills included in any list, or any Victualling Bill or Bills of any description, till further order or communication ?—I certainly never knew an instance of that kind, and I have been three or four and thirty years in my present situation; I have been sixty years, in all.

How are the Victualling Office informed of the balance of cash in the Treasurer’s hands, applicable to their department, so as to enable them to judge whether to assign, or not, bills that may be due ?—As it is received by the Exchequer, it is or ought to be immediately certified to that Board by the Paymaster.

Do you know whether such certificates have* in point of fad, always been regularly made?—They have not been immediately made, because the money has been issued from the Exchequer in Exchequer Bills; which hills must go to market before the Treasurer is in possession of the money.

Has the Treasurer of the Navy any authority to issue orders to the Victualling Board ?—1 believe not.

Has the Treasurer of the Navy any discretion as to what bills shall be assigned, or not, on him?—Certainly not; the money is entirely in the dispofiuon of the CommUBooesv #f tbwVi&uaUing.

Pat

Appendix, (No. 58.) 27* Matt,

continued.

858

Appendix

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 58.)

Report from the Select Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—continued.

27* M

continued.

Has he any other duties than to pay the bills assigned on him, as far as the balance Handing in the Bank, under the Head of " Victualling" enables him to do?—No; except accounting for the money every fortnight.

The further Examination of George Swaffield, Esq.—taken 20th May 1805.

[Mr. Swaffield delivered in an Account of Money, &c. received and paid by the Treasurer of the Navy, on the Head of—" Victualling ;* —from the id to the 14th April 1805.]

The Examination of Thomas Ripon, Esq.—taken the 10th May 1805.

What are you?—One of the Cashiers of the Bank.

What have you brought, in obedience to the order of the Committee ?—An Extract from the books from the Bauk of England, of all Drafts paid to the order of Alexander Trotter, Esquire, as Pay-mailer of the Navy Pay Office, dated in the months of August, September, and October 1796.

[E.vtrad read.]

How many years was you Clerk in the Drawing Office at the Bank, where all drafts passed by the Navy Pay Ollice were paid ?— From the year 1782 to 1803.

Do you believe that any drafts from the Paymaster were, during that time, ever paid by the Bank, without such drafts having expressied a service on which they were drawn; and more particularly fidee the year 1786, when a regulation was made by law on that fub. jed?—I am clearly of opinion that there never were any, and particularly since the Act passed.

If there had, would you have known it?—'They did not all pass through my hands; such a thing may have happened, as it was im-possible that an account of that magnitude could have been conducted free from error; but they were never so passed, except in error.

Do you know, or have you heard from other Clerks in the Bank, of any instance in which such drafts were passed without specifying the service?—I never recoiled an instance myself, nor do I ever remember to have heard any report of such a thing happening from any other Clerk.

Is it usual in the Bank of England to dellroy books and other vouchers when they become useless, and no longer nCcefiary to be kept ?—During my service it the Bank, I recoiled twoinstances which have occurred, when books and useless papers, or such as may have been thought so, have either been told as waste paper, or burnt to save them from the public eye.

Do you know the latest date of any papers so destroyed ?—Books belonging to foine of the departments have been destroyed on to the lait seven years, or to the year 1798; others belonging to other departments or offices have been preserved from the earliest period of the Bank; and such books and papers only have been destroyed to a late period, as were thought of little or no importance; the motive for their being destroyed is for want of room.

What is the nature of the books destroyed I—Balance books, waste ledgers, books which relate to bills difeounted by the Bank, and a great variety of others which I cannot enumerate.

Is it not the duty of the Bank immediately to notify to the several Boards, viz. Navy Board, Victualling Board, Transport Board, and Sick and Hurt, the precise amount of all monies received from the Exchequer, for the service of their respective departments, and placed in the books of the Bank to the credit of the Treasurer of the Navy, iabjed to their alignments ?—I never heard that it was usual for the Bank to make any report of sums placed to any account, in any other way than by inserting, in the Bank book or books belonging to l'uch accounts, the sums paid to the credit of those accounts from time to time.

How many heads of account were raised at the Bank, to the credit of the Treasurer of the Navy, during the last Treasurership of Lord Melville ?—The Right honourable Henry Dundas Act of Parliament New Account, which commenced the 13th of January 1786; befules which, there was a fub-account, Dundas and Swaffield, for the Victualling Branch; that is all I recoiled.

Was the money ifl’ued during that Treasurership from the Exchequer, paid all into the Act of Parliament New Account, or any part of it to the credit of Dundas and Swaffield, or others?—Money issued by the Treasury to the Treasurer of the Navy did pass to the account of the Treasurer of the Navy, and was afterwards disposed of by drafts in favour of the oilier branches of service, and not in the first instance to the account of Dundas and Swaffield, or others, as far as I know.

Were there in point of fad, any accounts raised at the Bank during that Treasureiship, distinguished by the title of Navy Branch, Pay Branch, Victualling, Transport, Sick and Hurt, into which particular

issues of money were paid, destined to those particular services, and out of which particularly all drafts, specifying such particular services, were particularly and distinctly paid?—No accounts were ever raised at the Bank under these titles, during that Treasurership.

Are any such accounts now raised?—None at this time are distinguished by those titles.

How are the Treasurer’s accounts now distinguished ?—The prefer Treasurer’s account was opened in the nam$ of The Right Honourable George Canning; there are four fub-accounts in the Bank; namely James Slade, John Davies, George Swaffield, and John Swaffield. ’ Give the form by which money is passed from the account of the Treasurer of the Navy to the account of the Sub-Accomptants.^.

" N° 26. London, Navy Pay Office,

August 3d 1803.

" To the Cashiers of the Bank of England.

u Write off from my Bank Book, to the account of James Slade, Esquire, the sum of Eight thousand pounds.

" For the Right HonWe Geo. Tiernev.

" £. 8,000. 0. o. per Cr

" W. A. Latham.*

C* James Slade.

The Examination of John Spottiswoode, Esq.—taken the 11th of May 1805.

Were you in partnership with your late Father?—Yes.

Do you recollect any thing relating to the instrument in your hand? —I recoiled the preparation of it, and being witness to Mr.Trotter's signature.

Were you concerned for Lord Melville, as well as Mr. Trotter, in framing that instrument?—The instrument was prepared by the desire of Mr. Trotter, and I conceive the expence of it was paid one-half by each party, but I do not think there was any communication between Lord Melville and us on this subject.

Were you in the habit of doing business for Lord Melville ?—* Yes.

Who gave the instrudions for the instrument?—Mr. Trotter.

Who settled it?—It was given into Mr. TrotteFs hands, as far as I recoiled.

Was any Counsel applied to ?—None, I believe.

Is the clause to cancel and destroy vouchers a usual clause in instruments of this nature?—I do not recoiled any such clause in any Releaft which I have seen, but I have had very little opportunity of seeing Releases of this nature.

Do you recoiled any particular instrudions relative to that clause ?—No.

Do you know at whose suggestion it was infer ted ?—No.

Were you present always when instrudions were given relative tf this instrument?—I do not recoiled, but I rather believe not.

The Examination of David Robertson, Esq.—taken nth May 1805.

Were you in partnership with the late Mr. Spottifwoode?-* I was.

How many years have you been in business?—Seventeen years hie Clerk; and Partner about two years before he died.

Do you know any thing of the instrument in your hand ?—I bavf some recollection of it.

Do you recoiled instrudions being given for the preparation of that instrument ?—No.

Do you know if that instrument was ever referred to Cuunfell-^d to my knowledge.

Is the clause to cancel and destroy, usual in instruments of that nature?—I do not know that it is.

Did you ever fee it inserted in instruments of that nature before?— I am not aware that I have.

Is this an instrument in the Scotch form I—It has the forms that are necessary in both Countries.

Does such a clause occur in Scotch instruments of rereafe?—I da not think that it does; I do not know that the clauses of Scotch releases are of a fixed nature.

Have you been in the custom of seeing Scotch instruments of releases?—They occur from time to time, hut not very frequently here.

In any Scotch instrument of the fame kind you have seen, did vou ever fee such a clause ?—I cannot venture to say whether I have or have not.

Did you ever draw a Scotch instrument of release ?—1 ,

859

45 Geo. lit.

Appendix.

Report from the Select Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—continued.

In such draft did you ever insert such a clause?—Not that I recoiled; in general reiealesof accounts betwixt Landlord and Steward in Scotland, it is the usual practice for the Steward to deliver up the vouchers when the relcafes are signed.

Is it usual to deliver up the Recount* books also?— I believe not.

The Examination of the Right Honourable Lord Harrow by; —taken the ltth of May 1805.

When diil your Lordship become Treasurer of the Navy ?—In June •r July 1800.

O11 coming into office, or at any time after, did you discover that irregularities in the payment of Public Money had taken place in that office, and were then practised?—As this office was regulated by ft variety of Acts of Parliament which had been brought in by my immediate predecessor, and, as I had been myself a Member of the Committee of the House of Commons, appointed in 1797 to make enquiries reflecting various Public Offices, which Committee had not discovered or reported any irregularity in the conduct of that particular office, I had no reason whatever to suppose that any irregularities existed; at a subsequent period, but at what period I Rtn at present unable to recoiled, the particular practice to which 1 imagine the question alludes was brought to my notice.

In what manner was your notice called to that practice?—1 really cannot at this distance of time (late with any accuracy.

Will you be so good as to ltate the practice?—The practice, as I tmdcrstood it, was this: inllead of drawing money out of the Bank for each individual payment, or drawing it into the hands of tht Cashiers to be placed in the iron chelt, or to be sent to the Clerks of the Out-ports, to be paid afterwards to such persons as had demands for Naval Service, sums of money were drawn by the Paymaster from the Bank to the house of Messrs. Coults, day by day, or more frequently, as they were likely to be wanted, and were distributed from the house of Melfrs. Coutts by the orders of Mr. Trotter, either to the different Cashiers, or to the different individuals to whom money was due.

Did you under Hand the practice to have prevailed long?—When I first expressed forae doubts concerning it, I was informed that the practice had began rn 1786; as I had learnt that the Act of 1785 had not been carried fully into execution till the beginning of the subsequent year, I imagined that the practice above-mentioned was in fad coeval with the Ad itself, and I did not know till I was informed by the Naval Commissioners, that any period had existed, however short, between the execution of that Ad and the commencement of the practice.

Had the practice continued, without interruption, from the period of January 1786 to the period of your discovery of it?—I know nothing to the contrary.

Did the practice appear to you irregular, and contrary to law?— As the practice of drawing money from the Bank into the hands of the different Cashiers, for the purpose of subsequent distribution, had been dated by the Commissioners of Enquiry in 1782 to be absolutely necessary, which practice was perhaps hardly jullifiable according to the drid letter of the Ad that was passed pursuant to their fuggef-tions, and which practice, neverthelela, it was impossible to suppose that Ad was intended to prohibit, it did not immediately appear to me that the practice of drawing money out of the Bank into the hands of a private Banker, if carried on bon& fide for the fame purposes of official convenience, and for those only, was necessarily illegal or unjudifiable; I felt it however to be a confulecable objection to the practice, that it was in fad a substitution by the authority of the Treasurer of the Navy, for however short a time, of the security of a private Banking-house, however respedable, in the room of the security of the Bank, or of the Clerks of his own office; and I was sensible that this practice, in common with that of placing sums of money in the hands of the Cashiers, or of the Clerks at the Out-ports, or even in the iron chelt of the Office, was in fume degree liable to febufc, undoubtedly in a greater degree than the practices lad referred to.

Did you discover that abuse had arisen out of this practice ?—I did not.

Were you ever informed, or had you ever reason to believe that the Public Money had, in consequence of this practice, been used to purposes of private emolument?—I was undoubtedly aware that the habitual passage of considerable sums through the hands of a private Ranker, for however short a time each particular sum might remain upon his books, mud be some advantage to the general concerns of the house, but I had no reason whatever to susped, nor did I in fad susped that any sums of money, after being drawn by Mr. Trotter from the Bank, for Naval Services, and placed in the hands of Messrs. Coutts, were subsequently drawn from that house for any purposes whatsoever, except the Nav^l Services for which they were originally drawn.

Did you ever communicate to the present Chancellor of the Exchequer the irregularity you had discovered?—It is difficult for me, at this distance of time, to recoiled every incidental conversation I may have had with the Chancellor of the Exchequer; the only converlhtion which I recoiled having had with him on that fuljed, while I was in office, was, 1 believe, a lliort time before or after my visit to the Bank, which was subsequent to Mr. Pitts leaving office, and the object of which is fluted iti my Evidence before the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry; the steps I did take will appear in that Evidence, to which I beg leave to refer.

Do you recoiled the terms, or the substance of the conversation that passed between you and Mr. Pitt ?—I only recoiled very generally, that I mentioned to him the nature of the practice, with the reasons which led me to believe it to be irregular, and that I Hated my intention of changing it; and as far as I can remember, Mr. Pitt appeared to agree with me in opinion, that it was desirable it should be changed. I had a subsequent conversation with Mr. Pitt, when we were both out of office, in the Autumn 1802; the only thing I recoiled that the name of Mr. Coutts Trotter occurred in that conversation, and that J mentioned to Mi. Pitt that 1 thought it not improbable that either the circumstance of the Naval Money passing in part through the hands of the house of Coutts, to whicu I found that he belonged, might have led to his introduction into that house, or that the circumstance of his being a partner in it might have led to the feledion of that house for that purpose; I meant this with a reference to advantage derived to the general concerns of a Banking-house necessarily arising from the nature of their business, however cautiously conducted, and not from having any reason to believe that the Naval Money was used for the benefit of Mr. Alexander Trotter; I had the less reafou to susped it, as his fa-lary had been increased, I think, in May 1800 from £. 500 a year to £. 800., on account of its inadequacy to the importance of his office.

The Examination of John Swaffield, Esq.—taken th® 13th May 1805.

What are you ?—I am Deputy Paymaster of the Navy.

Have you the superintendance of the Pay Branch of the Navy ?— Yes.

Are you at all times acquainted with the state of the balances in the Bank, or in the hands of the Paymaster, applicable to that particular Branch ?—I know monthly the slate of the Bank balance.

Could any sum of money be diverted from the service of the Pay Branch, without such circumstance coming to your knowledge ?—I do not know of any thing further than that I receive oceafionally from the Paymaster the sums necessary for carrying on the service of the Pay Branch.

Do you officially, and at stated periods, check the expenditure in that branch, with the monthly returns of what are called the Bank Balances, applicable to that Branch ?•—I make out monthly, what we call a Balance Sheet, which ffiews the receipts and payments of the Pay Branch, and the balances remaining in each person’s bunds officially.

Did it ever occur in the course of your experience, that what is called the Bank Balance, proved less than could be accounted for by the expenditure in the Pay Branch?—Not to mv knowledge.

Could such a circumstance have taken place without your knowledge, unless a false return had been made by some person in some Department?—I had no knowledge actually of the Bank Bahince.

Did you not receive, and have you not before stated, that you did receive official and periodical returns of the state of such balance?-I mean to say, that I call upon the Paymaster to know what sums have been received from the Exchequer for the month for which we are making up the accounts; then 1 state my receipts and payments, and likewise the receipts and payments at the Out-ports, by which I know what money has been issued from the Bank for the Pay Branch; and, dating each separate balance with the Chief Clerk of all the Ports, it appears what the Bank Balance should be.

Are you acquainted also officially, and periodicidiy, with the issues from the Exchequer to the Bank ?—That is taken into our monthly certificate.

In point of fad, then the Balance Paper ought to exhibit an accurate account of money issued from the Exchequer to the Bank on account of the Pay Branch, of money issued from the Bank on the fame account, and of the expenditure of such money ?—Yes; it should.

Are the Balance Papers, or copies of them preserved?—1 do not know.

To whom do you deliver the Balance Papers?—To the Paymaster.

How long have you been in the situation you now fill ?—From about July 1797.

During the period you have held such situation, has it come to your knowledge in any way, that money applicable to the Pay j0 K Branch

Appendix,

(No. 58.)

27' Maii\

continued. \

860 Appendix. 1805.

Appendix, (Xo. 58.) 27* Maii, continued.

Report from the Select Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—

Branch of the Navy, has been diverted by any person to any other purpose whatever?—Not to mv knowledge.

Have any irregular payments been made by any person to the Pay Branch, which might lead you to suppose that such circumstance had taken place ?—I believe not.

Could such payments have been made without your knowledge? —No.

has any money been received, at any time during your office, for the Pay Branch, except from the Bank ?—I do not recoiled any.

Have you at any time received from any body, any particular or extraordinary instructions for framing your Balance Sheet?—No.

Who was your predecetfor in office ?—Mr. William Taylor.

Where does he live ?—Between Deal and Dover.

Have you the copies of the Balance Sheet fmee you came into office ?—I could make out a Balance Sheet for any month during that period.

The further Examination of John Swaffield, I^fq.—taken the 23d of May 1805.

Explain the entry from the Paper in your hand, being an Account of the Receipts and Payments between the 1 It and 3lit of January 1798, in the Treasurership of the Right Honourable Henry Dimdus; viz. of " Transfer to the Victualling Branch," to replace the like him transferred from thence to " Wages'’ in March 1797,

£. 8,005 13*.; does the word " Wages" in that entry mean

Pay Branch ?—Yes, it dees.

By whole order was the original transfer from the Pay Branch to the Victualling Branch made ?—I do not know.

The further Examination of John Swaffield, Esq.—taken 24th Mu) 1805.

What have you in your hand?—The Certificate Book, from the lft to the 3111 of March 1797.

[Book produced ]

The Examination of James Dkummond, Esq.—taken the 13th of May 1805.

Were you partner in the firm of Boyd and Benfield ?—I was, but not preciiely on the fame footing us the other partners; the house of Boyd and Benfield was established in the month of March 1793. I became concerned with them on the ill of January 1794, and was announced to the correspondents of the house as a partner, but as between ourselves it was agreed, in coasideration of my share of the profits being comparatively small, that 1 should be exempted from any participation^ loss in the years in which a loss might occur, and also from any contribution towards the capital, I retired from the house on the 31st of December 1798, in consequence of previous notice given by me to that effect early in that year. I never ligned, or was inquired to lign, their contract of partnership.

During the time that yon were a partner, did you take any active part in' the concerns of the house, by personal attendance to the biilmeis carried on?—I did, but chiefly under the direction of Mr. Boyd.

Do you recollect the circumstances relative to the Loan negociated in November 1795, at what periods the several instalments to be made 011 that Loan were contracted for to be paid ?—I recoiled that a Loan was made in the month of December 1795, which included a fuin of £. 4,600,000., lent to the Emperor of Germany, for whom the house ot Boyd, Benfield, and Company, were agents; the further fuin lor the service of this country, 1 believe was £.18,000,000.; the periods of infialments it is impossible for me to Rate from memory, but they were publicly known.

Was the bouie of Boyd and Benfield joint contractors for that Loan?—They writ.

Do you recollect any difficulty, from the Rate of the money market at auv period before the la ft iufi.ilment was made, of completing the payment ol any instalment of that Loan?—1 do not.

I)o vou know of any application made to Government for afTift-ance, in order to enable the house of Boyd and Benfield to complete any instalment upon that Loan?—1 do not.

Were vou in the habit of communicating with Mr. Boyd relative to the engagements of the haule ?—Certainly, relative to all the affairs of the house m general; but I cannot know whether Mr. Rovd communicated to me every thing that passed between him and other pet suns.

Do you know of any sale of Scrip, or any endeavour to fell Scrip, in the months of August, September, and October 1796, for the pm pole of furnishing money to complete any instalment that might tail due upon the Loan of December 1705, within that period ?—I cannot speak with certainty as to the particular period from memoiy, hut the house being in the habit ot holding considerable sums of Seiin, it is extremely probable that they may have fold a part of that Scrip for the purpose of completing the payments on the remainder.

Do you recollect any sale of Navy Bills, or Bills accepted by th# East India Company from their Presidencies abroad, or any attempt to make such sale, in the months of August, September, and October 1796, for the purpose of completing any inltaluient upon the Loan of December 1705, which might become due within that period?—I do not recoiled! any such Tales for that purpose, but it is impofllble for nie to Rate from memory the various and large Transactions of that house; they will all be seen, i have no doubt, in the books and papers of the house.

In whose hands are those books and papers ?—They are in the custody of the person or persons appointed by the Crown, under a writ of Extent againR the house: I believe they are at present in the Rrong room of the late house of Strange and Company, Bunkers in New Bond-Rreet, who were appointed receivers by the Crown, with the consent and concurrence, I believe, of the assignees.

Do you recoiled, in point of fad, any Navy Rills, or any Bills accepted by the East India Company, having been sold by the house of Boy d and Benfield about the period alluded to, in Autumn 1796? —I have no particular recollection.

Do you recoiled any instance, during the months of August, September, and October 1796, of any Navy Bills, or Bills accepted by the East India Company, having been either difeounted, or attempted to be difeounted, without success, by the house of Boyd and Ben-iield?—I have no recollection whatever of any such circumfianee.

From your recollection of the Rate of the money market during those months, and from your recollection of the extensive concerns of the house of Boyd and Benfield, do you think that had any such attempt been made to dil’comit Navy Bills, or Bills accepted by the East India Company', in the bands of the house of Boyd and Benfield, that such difoount could have been obtained?—I preluiqe that such discount could have been obtained by the house of Boyd and Hen-field at that period, with as much facility as by any other house of business in the City of London; but on recollection, I believe that it was early in the year 1796 that the Bank of England came (0 4 resolution considerably to narrow their discounts, notwithstanding any ideas they might have entertained of the solidity of the paper otfeied them.

Were there, in the firm of the house of Boyd and Benfield, any other partneis at that time bdides Mr. Boyd, Mr. BentieiJ, and yourself?—No others.

Did you never hear that Mr. McDowall was a partner in the house?—Undoubtedly not; this is the first time 1 have heard such an idea mentioned.

Did you ever fee the bond which was signed by the different partners in the house of Boyd and Benfield, giving lerunty to Government for the completion of the contrail entered into hv Mr. Boyd, for the remittance of £.50,000. to the East Indies on account of Government, to which bond Mr. McDowall's name, and the names of two other Gentlemen, appear annexed to that bond, as partners in the house of Boyd and Benfield? —I do not recoiled having signed myself any such bond jointly with Mr. McDowall.

Who kejit the calli-book of Boyd and Benfield, or the account of cash, receipts, and payments?—Mr. Henry Libotton, a clerk in the house.

Under whose direction was the cash-account kept?—Mr. Boyd’s. Mr. Libotton dally balanced the calli, and made his reports to Mr. Boyd.

Could money be advanced to the house, or raised from fourcei with which vou were not acquainted?—It might possibly, and having no particular charge of the culli-book, I did not fiequeutly attend to that department of the house.

Was the nuking provision for the payment of the instalments on any particular Loan to Government more particularly under Mr. Boyd’s direction, or that of you?—I have already Rated, that the calli affairs of the house were more particularly under the direction of Mr. Boyd.

Was Mr. Walter Boyd the younger in the partnership of Boyd and Benfield?—He was not; I have lieaid him L.v, that Mr. Benfield had proposed to him to become a partner, but that he had declined it. lie was, I believe, an acting partner in Mr. Boyd’s house at Ram; before the Resolution.

Have you any knowledge of any agreement made determined by Mr. BetilVid, for any purclufe of any oitate in or about Shafted ury, in July 1706? —I have no knowledge whatever ot Mi. Benfield s p ivate 01 separate trnnluctions; during the whole com fe of our puitn»*iship, I fekfun had any communication with Mr. Benfield on any subject of bufiucfii whatever.

Do you happen to know who was Mr. Ben fields Solicitor at that lime?—Mr. Benfield has employed at various tunes lo many d.tk rent Solicitors, that I do not kmov with certainty who b*» Sol.citor for Shattefbury’; but 1 believe Mr. Llovd, in Led.o.a-iow.

Do you know whether Mr. Bovd was chosen to lerve in Parliament at the general election in the Summer 1796?—lie was.

For

\ t

t

45 Geo. Ill, Appendix. 861

Report from the Select Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—continued.

For what place?—For Shaftefhury.

You have (rated, that you had nut the particular care of the cafii in the house of 1 >oyd, nor of course of the ca(h-book; did you however, at dated tunes, or frequently, review the cash-book, and take notice of the flute of the culh ?—I have frequently looked into the caih-buok, and taken notice of the date of the cash, but not at any Rated peri oils.

Were all cadi transactions of every defer!ption, regarding the firm, entered in that book?—1 believe they were.

Were all Loans to and from the house entered there ?—I believe they were.

Should you have deemed it a deviation from the course of business, if any Loan had been made for the benefit of the house, and not regularly entered there? — I (hot:Id certainly have deemed it a deviation from the regular and eftaLTished practised'all merchants.

l)o you recollect, during the months of August, September, or October 1706, any entry of a Loan for £. 40,000. from Government from Lord Mei\ die, then Mr. Dutuhis, from Mr. Long, or anonymous ? —1 do not recalled any such entry, or any such Loan, being received at the house; hut I have no doubt that if a sum of £.40,000. wu* receivrd^ by the house, it mull appear in the hooks of the house.

D.d Mr. Boyd communicate with you fully and fieeiy on the concerns oi the house, dating, at all times, such difficulties as may lea-fonably be Pippoicd mull occur at times in the management of all extensive concerns ? —Mr. Boyd was daily in the habit of communicating with me, or rather, I was in the habit of communicating with lorn concerning the affairs of the house; but whether Mr. Boyd communicated lully and ficcly every thing he knew, it was impvdfible for me to say.

Did he tell you at any time, to the heft of your recollection, during the months of August, September, or October 1796, that unlei’s affidance could he obtained from feme quarter fox the payment of indulments due to Government, a failure was to be apprehended? — I recoiled that about the month of October 179b, the house, generally speaking, was in difficulties, very large dims being due to it by various correspondents; but 1 do not recoiled any particular difficulty with respect to any itilldmeats due to Government.

Could inch preiiing difficulty, as before dated, have arisen without your knowledge?—I do not conceive it possible any particular difficulty could have existtd with regard to the instalment of a Loan, because it was at all times in the power of the house to have fold the Scrip upon which such indalment might have been due; it might indeed, in particular civcumdances, not be convenient to do so, on account of the great loss that would be tfifitained.

l)o you recollect a duration of the house in which their public ecuritus would not fetch any price; and, on account of such circumdance, a failure was to be uppt clouded during the months mentioned?—I do not recollect any period, at any time whatever, wlifn public t’ecurities could not be loid at a gi eater or lets discount.

Have you any recollection of the falc, or oli'er to fell, of any public securities or Scrip by that house, during the fume period?—I have no doubt that about that period, (ales of public securities must have been made by the house; but with respect to the particular duns, or ft cuvilies fold, I can only refer to the books of the house, it being imp lfible for me to date such tranduftions from memory.

Who had the ctifiody of the securities, bills, and other marketable papers, belonging to the house?—They were kept in a drawer, of which Mr. Boyd had a key, and I aid) had one.

Could any quantity of such paper h ive been withdrawn from such drawer, for any length of time, without your knowledge or obl'erva-tfiui? -Thcie securities were daily given out, either determined by Mr. Boyd or by 1.1 vd If, as either of us happened to be pvelent when they were wanted, for the purposes either of iuL, d.fcouat, or to receive the payment on such as had become due.

Was there not an account kept of the contents of the drawer ?— There was no particular account kept of the contents of tbs drawer, other than that all remittances and securities weie nfually entered in the bill-books, and when delivered to the Cashier lor the purposes before (rated, it was his duty to murk them mi m those. books; but bills were frequently taken out for the purpose of being difeounted when discount could not be regularly obtained, or when only temporary Loans cnido. he had on the Iccurity of the bills, in which case it is possible no such entry may ha\e been made; the bills then ought to h ive been letmned to the drawer.

Do von lecolitvl the ai>fi nee of any Fail India Company Bills, or N.’.VV Bills, from the thawer, to the amount of £.40,000. or there-, abmi's. Without your knowing lor what purpose they had been uled ? — I do not recollect any Inch circumlfiiuee, but I h tve no doubt that if any Inch transactions took place, they would appear in the book3 of the house.

Did Mr. Bovd ever inform vou he had pledged fertilities to such an amount, (or alfilt ive to make good an instalment upon Loan?—> 1 do not recoiled that he d:d. I

Have you any reason to believe such pledge was ever made by the house for such purpose?—I have not

In the event of any bills being taken from the drawer, and pledged to any party who lent money upon them, such party having received the payment of these bills when due, and discharged the debt due to hiruself from their produce, how would the entry respecting such transaction have been made in the books of Boyd and Company ?—

I preiume that the pirfon would have been made debtor to cafb to the account to which the bills or securities referred or be* longed.

Would not fu* h bills have been marked off in the bill-book as liquidated or paid?—They would, if the Cashier did his duty, although I had one key of the drawer which contained those bills. Mr. Boyd had complete and entire confidence in Mr. Libotton, and I delivered any securities to him that the drawer contained without helitation, and without taking any note whatever of the hills so given out. The confidence of Mr. Benfield in Mr. Libotton was, if possible, ft ill more entire; he proposed about the latter end of the year 1796, or the beginning of the year 1797, that Mr. Libotton should become a partner in the house; to which I objected, and of course it did not take place.

Were bills and securities to the amount of £.41,000. so marked off on or about the month of October 1796; or was an entry made of the nature you have described in a loraier answer ?—1 have already Rated, that I have no particular recollection of the bills which appear to be alluded to in that quefiion; but 1 have no doubt, that if such bills were in poifi Jlion of the house, or had been either fold or dif-counted by the house, they will appear to have been marked off in the bill book.

Do you think that bills accepted by the Fall India Company, feme of which had twelve and fifteen months to run, and Navy Bills, could have been difeounted in the Autumn of 1796?—I do not believe they coulu have been difeounted of such long dates; but if it were legal to fell such bills, I have no doubt but it might have been practicable to fell them.

Did Mr. Boyd ever mention to you, that in the Autumn of 1796, he had converted with Lord Melville, or the Chancellor of the Exchequer, respecting any uffiftance to be furnished to him by Government, in lieu of securities which lie was to furnish for that ptirpole?—I do not recoiled that he did.

Had you yourfelfany conversation of tW fame nature with eitherof the above-named persons'?*—I had not the honour of being at all known either to Mr. Pitt or Lord Melville; I do not recoiled ever having been in Mr. Pitfis presence on any occasion w hatever, or ever been in Lord Melville s pre.fence since the house of Boyd, Benfield, and Company, were in exifience.

You have (lilted, that you did not sign the con trad of partnership with Mr. Boyd and Benfield; did you notconsider, that the not having so done, would exempt you from any of the legal consequences of their failure?—I believe it would have exempted me, h^d theeltablishment been in any foreign country, for instance, in Holland or in France, where such limited partnerftfips a^e not uncommon; but I have been adviled or informed, that according to the law’s of this country, any person who is held out to the Public as a partner, or who secretly participates in the profit, is liable to the creditors of the house, although, as between ourselves, I considered I was not liable to any loss; I thought so at the time, but I considered the fortune of Mr. Benfield and of Mr. Boyd fas represented to me by Mr. Boyd) to be such as would place me above all risk.

Did you consider yourself as partner at all, not having signed the contract of partnership ?—1 considered myself liable as a partner to the Public, but not bound by any particular stipulation which might have been entered- into by Mr. Boyd and Mr. Benfield, in their contract together.

What do you mean by Rating that you acted chiefly under the di- . region of Mr. Boyd?—I mean, that my concern in the house being comparatively very small, it would not have been becoming in me to ai'iime much eonfequenre from it.

Did vou follow Mr. Boyd’s directions in all cases respecting the concerns of the house?—Generally (peaking I certainly did, not, however, without expressing my own opinion.

Do you believe now that Mr. Boyd communicated to you all the money tranl’idions of the house?—I have no reason to think that he withhold from me any knowledge of the money tranladions in general.

Then you cannot take upon vourself to say, that he did communicate to you all the money traidadions of the house?—I cannot positively lav so, and certainly not in all the detail.

You have (fated, that Mr. Boyd hud entire confidence in Mr. Li-boUon, the Cashier; had you the fame degree of confidence in Mr. Liootton ?—I had no reason to doubt his bonetty, nor have I now, although mv opinion in of her respods wTas not altogether so partial as that of Mr. Boyd and Mr. Benfield appealed to be.

Tbs

Appendix,

(No. 58.)

*7* Maiit

continued.

862

Appendix:. . 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 58.)

Report from the Select Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry continued.

17* Mail,

continued,

The further Examination of James Drummond, Esq.—taken 15th May 1805.

Is that book in your hand the caffi-book of August 1798, of Boyd and Bentield?—Yes.

Can you point out in the books before you, the entry of the sum advanced to Mr. Boyd of £.40,000. in the year 1796, by Lord Melville, or anonymous, which you may conclude to have been such advance upon the security of East India Company Bills and other public securities ?—It appears by an entry in the cash-book of 9th September 1796, that bills to the atnouftt of £. 11,828. 11 s, 9 d. on the East India Company; to the amount of £.5,041. is, 8d, on the Treasury; a further sum of £.11,000. on the Treasury; and £.12,834. 8s. 2d, on the Victualling Office, making together the sum of £.40,704. is, 7d, were delivered to Mr. Boyd to discount, or raise money upon them; that Ivlr. Boyd accordingly paid to the house on account thereof £.30,000.-00 the 9th day of September aforesaid* and a further sum of £. 10/300. on the following day. I wish to (late in explanation of my evidence on a former day, that in the first part of my examination, my mind bore upon an earlier period than I now perceive the question applies to. I was asked concerning the Loan contracted for in December 1795: My answer referred to the preceding lx>an for the service of the year 1795, in which the Imperial Loan of £.4,600,000. was included; the Loan contracted for in November or December 1795, confided only of £. 18,000,000., and did not include any Loan to the Emperor. About the 15th of April following, a further Loan of seven millions and an half was raised for the service of the year 1796; this first erroneous impressioti ran through other parts of my evidence. I do not recollect any difficulty was experienced in money transactions during the year 1795, but it is a fad generally known, that great inconveniencies were sustained from what is usually termed a scarcity of money early in the Spring of 1796; and from the time that the Bank of England came to the resolution of narrowing their discounts, that inconvenience continued to increase until the latter end of February 1797, when an Order of Council was made for suspending the issue of caffi by the Bank; in consequence of this general depredation of credit, the Loan of April 1796 was, in less than six weeks, three and an half per-cent. discount; by the end of July, at seven and three quarters per-cent, discount; and at the end of September, 13 per-cent, discount; the other funds fell in proportion; it was nevertheless always possible to fell funded property, ferip, Arc. at a greater or less discount; but the best mercantile securities, bills of exchange of undoubted credit and solidity, and even the acceptances of Government, and the East India Company, when at long dates, became in a great degree unavailable, that is to say, they could not be difeounted at legal interest. That these general distresses bore with severe pressure on the house of Boyd, Benfield, and Company; I never meant to deny, it was the more felt by them at that time, as their transactions were then of considerable magnitude, having large payments and remittances to make on account of the Emperor, in addition to all the other concerns of their establishment.

In answer to some of the questions, I have stated, that I was in the Constant habit of communicating with Mr. Boyd concerning the affairs of the house, but that I could not be certain whether upon all occasions, his communications to me were unreserved— In saying so, I was very far from meaning to infmuate any thing to the disadvantage of Mr. Boyd, for whose character and abilities I always did, and still do, entertain the highest opinion: I only meant to say, that our situation9 were very different in many respects, mine was that of an acting laborious partner in the executive business of the house, and particularly in the correspondence department; it was my duty to follow his in-struriions, and ta inform him of every tiling that occurred; he, on tfic contrary, was frequently placed in fituauons which might have rendered a full and free communication with roe on every point very improper. I recoiled particularly* that early in the month of June 1796, the Baron de Muller arrived from Vienna on a special million from the direction of his Imperial Majestys finances, and that Mr. Boyd was confidentially employed by him and Count Straremberg in negociating some plan of further pecuniary supplies to the Emperor with His Majesty’s Cabinet Ministers. In consequence of those negotiations, the house of Boyd, Benfield, and Company, were in-struded to facilitate the means of further supplies to the Emperor, and sent a person to Hamburgh about the latter end of July 1796 for that express purpose, with unlimited credit upon the house. Mr. Boyd only communicated to me, on this and other fnuilar occasions, as much As it was necessary I should know, for the purpose of carrying the resolutions into execution.

Do you find any entry of payment on instalmemts on the Loan, corresponding to the entry of the receipt above stated of £. 40,000. ?—

I do not find any entry exactly correspondent to that particular sum; but many entries of large sums, on account of the direction of the finances at Vienna, particularly one fuuiQn the 31st of October 1796, of £.186,340. 13*. id.

In the form of entries of bills, and other securities turned inu money, on account of the house of Boyd and Company, is any notice taken on the face of the cash-book. of the names of the parties by whom such bills or feicurities had been difeounted ?—Not generally.

In the case of bills issued to Mr. Boyd personally to be so converted, would such entry occur ?—Mr. Boyd’s account would be made debtor for any securities delivered to him by the house, and would be made creditor for the sums of money received from him on account of such securities; but the name of the person or persons from whom he bad received the money would not be mentioned.

Would Mr. Boyd, on receipt of the advances of £.40,000. from Mr. Long, upon a deposit of bills, make any entry of Mr. Long’s name in the cath-book of the house ?—Mod probably not, furh entry being unnecessary for the information of the house.

Can youv state generally what proportion of the Loan of seven millions and an half, coutraded for in April 1796, was held by the house of Boyd and Company, either on their own account, or that of others for whom they acted as agents ?—I cannot from memory state, but I find in the ledger, that a first payment was made to the Bank by the house of Boyd, Benfield, and Company, on the 26th of April 1796, of £.238,900. upon the sum of £. 2,389,00a. of that Loan.

Does the sum in question include the payments on account of parties for whom the house acted as agents, as well as on behalf of the house itself ?—It does.

Can you state generally, what proportion of the Loan of £.18,000,000., contracted for in December 1795, was retained by the house of Boyd and Company, on their own behalf, or others for whom they, acted as agents?—I cannot; the first payment on that loan took place, I believe, in December 1795; the ledger now before me commences in January 1796; but it appears that a second payment was made upon that Loan on the 2*d of January, amounting to £.12,559. 18 s. o d.

Did the proportion of the Loans of December 1795 and April 1796, retained by the house of Boyd and Company, form a material proportion of the general transactions of the house at the period io question?—It formed a large proportion, but there were at that time affairs of much more considerable magnitude than merely their amount in the share in the Loan; it appears that in the year 179ft, the house paid, or remitted to the direction of his Imperial and Royal Majesty’s finances at Vienna, a sum amounting to £.4,609,506. 9 1. oi

What was the highest discount on the Loan of seven millions and an half, at any period in the year 1796?—I cannot state from memory any higher discount than that of thirteen per cent, actually incurred by the house, by a trani’action stated in their books, but it may have been at a higher discount.

Do you recoiled how many instalments of the Loan of December 1795 were due in September 1796 ?—I have no means of knowing it

The further Examination of James Drummond, Esq — taken the 17th of May 1805.

[Delivers in a copy of the entry of 9th and 10th September 1796, from the books of the house of Boyd and Benfield, which was ' read.]

Was there any instalment payable on the Loan of seven millions and an half in the month of September 1796, and on what day?—I believe that an inftulment of 15 per cent, became due on the Loan of seven millions and an half, either on the 9th or the llthdayof September, and that a further instalment of 15 per-cent, on the preceding Loan of £.18,000,000. became due on the 23d day of the lame month.

Do you know which instalment on the Loan of seven millions and an half it was that became dile on the 9th or 11th of September?— I do not recoiled which it was, ray information upon the subject being derived merely from a pamphlet which I saw yesterday evening.

Do not you know, that on the Loan of seven millions and an half, with regard to some of the instalments, the Bank had engaged to maks the payments?—I do not recoiled whether the Bank had upon that particular occasion or not. I wish to add, that on the first day of my examination, I came here altogether unacquainted upon whatfubjrd I was to be examined, and could not collect from the questions that were put to me, what the particular transaction was that was alluded to; it appears to have been a ^r&ifadion that took place at the di fiance ot nine years, and although of some considerablt magnitude, it was not so, comparatively speaking, with the daily transactions of the house of Boyd and Benfield; and since I retired from the partnership on the 31ft December 1798, 1 have had no access to the books and papers of the house, which might have otherwift furnished me the means of furnishing more distinct information to the Committee upon the subjects upon which I was questioned: if therefore, any contradiction or confusion may have appeared in my answers, I trust the Committee will not impute it to any premeditated wish of withholding information*

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix

863

Report from the Select Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—continued.

The Exumimition of Thomas Lloyd, Esq.—taken the 15th ot May 1805.

Do you know whether Mr. Benfield bought an e flute at Shuftefbury in the year 1796?—There was an eft ate that belonged to Mr. B riant put up to fide by Mr. Chriltie, and I think some weeks before the General Election in 1796; it was pure lulled by Mr. Mills, and to the belt ol my recollection, the depulit money paid was about £.2,000, paid by Mr. Mills. At the General Election Mr. Mills and Mr. Daw Ion hood moppulition to Mr. Benfield, and finding that the ellute they had purchated was not equal to the represeniation made by Mr. Chriliie, and they having not succeeded in their election, Mr. Mills was dclinms of getting rid of his contract, and Mr. Benfield agreed to itand in Us place as to the purchase. The alignment of the contract w.;s ptrpared by me, and executed at my House; and at the time of executing the contract the deposit paid by Mr. Mills was repaid by Air. Benticld by draft on his own house.

W hen was the purchase money paid?—It was never paid by Mr. Benfield.

\V as it ever paid by his partner Mr. Boyd?—No.

Was ever more than the deposit money ever actually paid upon this trail faction ?—No.

The Examination of Osborn Standert, Esq.—taken the 15th of May 1805.

Have at any time to your knowledge, Navy Bills, properly accepted, and presented for payment when due, been refilled for want of effects in the Treasurer’s hands to pay them, or for any other cause?—Certainly not to my knowledge.

Have you ever known an alignment of Navy Bill or Bills delayed for want of efleets in the hands of the Treasurer of the Navy, or for any other cause?—No.

The Examination of Lord Glexreuvif., the late Right Honourable Sylvester Douglas;—taken the 16th of May 1805.

Were you a Lord of the Treasury in May 1800?—I was.

Your name appears as having been present at a Board of Treasury held on the 29th of May 1800, to which Board was submitted a statement of the case of Mr. Adam Jellicoe; have you any recollection of what passed at that Board relative to that case?—1 have no recollection of what passed at that Board, nor indeed, in having been present at it.

Were you in the habit of keeping minutes or memorandums of the transactions of the Treasury Boards at which you allifted, whillt you were a Lord of the Treasury ?—No.

Have you any recollection of any transactions relative to the case of Mr. Adam Jellicoe, or of any reference to any Board of Treasury at which you allifted dining the time you were a Lord of the Treasury, relative to that cede; or have you any knowledge or information of any fort relative to that case?—1 have no recollection of any tranl-action relative to that case, of any reference to the Board; nor leave ] any knowledge or information of any fort, except what I may have collected from a very curlbry and flight perusal of what is dated in the Tenth Report relative to that matter; and inllead of having any recollection relative to what may have passed at, or been referred to, the Board of Treasury, relative to that business, my firm perfualion is, as far as my recollection can carry me, that I never had any knowledge of any fort regarding the trail faction, or any tiling that can bear in relation to it; I do not believe I ever heard the name of Jellicoe, or any thing respecting him, in any way, till about the time of the lentil Report being presented to the House, or printed.

How long were you a Lord of the Treasury?—From the month of February 1797 towards the end of 1800.

Wliilft in ollice, did you regularly attend the Treasury Boards?— Certainly not.

Did you frequently attend them?—I think not, till about the time of that Minute, and lbinc time before; I had more regularly attended the iiiFt year or two that 1 was Commissioner of the Treasury.

Were you in the habit of confuting the Minute Book of the Board, to fee what business might have been trarifaded in your absence?— No.

The Examination of the Right Honourable George Rose;— taken the lGth of May 1805.

Were you Secretary to the Treasury in the year 1800?—I was.

Do you recoiled having fubinitled to the Board a statement of the case of Mr. Adam Jellicoe, on the 29th of May 1800?—I perfectly recollect the statement, and by reference to the Miuutcs, I find it was on the 29th of May.

Vol. 6a

To what Minute did you refer for that information?—To one printed in the Tenth Report, which I take for granted is accurate.

How are the Minutes of the Treasury Board kept?—In books, as ' I apprehend all other Minutes are kept.

Do you recoiled who were the Lords present that day ?—I have no recollection, without reference to the Minutes. I have no doubt Mr. Pitt was present, because business of that importance could not be decided in his absence.

How many Members constitute a Board of Treasury?—Three.

Is it usual, or does it ever happen, that the names of Lords of the Treasury, who are not present, are entered on the Minute-hook as being present?—It is not usual, but I will not say it may not have happened when Lords may have previously perused, and approved of the matter to be decided on. It may have happened on other occasions, hut it is not the common practice of the Treasury. When I lay the Lords may have previously perused and approved it,

I mean to coniine it to the First Lord; it was the practice, in many cases, to fubinit papers of importance to the deliberative and attentive consideration of the First Lord, before they were brought to the Board; and, in many cases, to circulate such papers to the junior Lords previously.

Did it ever happen that papers were circulated for the flgnature of the junior Lords, when such Lords had not been present at the deliberations upon the matters to which such papers referred?—I have no doubt but it very often did.

Was it your business, as Secretary to the Treasury, to investigate the truth of the statements submitted by you to the Board on the 29th of May 1800, and to verify the account therein contained?—-I have felt it my duty upon all occasions, when I was at the Board, respcCling matters of importance, to inform myfelfas accurately as I. could of them, for the information of the Board, when the business was under deliberation; I have no doubt but I did so on the subjectc of Mr. Dundas’s statement on‘'the 29th May, but I certainly have no recollection of what passed particularly, although I had of the general impression in my mind, that it was a case well entitled to relief.

Did you keep any private memorandums of those cases into which you enquired, for the information of the Board?—Frequently rough memorandums, but never after the Minutes were made; I had no written information but what appeared upon the face of the paper.

Have you any recollection of the person or persons with whom you may have converted or communicated, in order to satisfy your mind of the truth of the statements contained in the Memorial ?•—-I certainly have no accurate recollection of the persons with whom I communicated on the subjeift, but I think 1 had with Air. \\ hite, the Solicitor of the Treasurer; it is now five years ago; the impression on my mind was, that every poflihle means had been used for the securing to the Public the money due by Mr. Jellicoe to the Treasurer of the Navy, as far as respected the bluing the writs of Extent against him and Mr. Cort, which, I conceived, tied up all the effects from private creditors. Although I had no legal responsibility in the determination of the Treasury, I certainly thought in this case the Treasury had hardly a choice in giving relief: I should have entertained the fame opinion in the case of the bitterest personal or political enemy I have in the world; and I am perfectly persuaded, as far as my opinion goes, no favour was intended in that determination, but it was confide red an act of Arid justice.

Had you any private conversation that you recoiled, or communication with Mr. Pitt on the subject?—Respeding that I can say nothing precise now, but I entertain no doubt but that my Lord Melville’s paper was submitted to him before it was decided at the Board, as mo ft important papers were.

From whom does the Solicitor of the Treasury, or through what channel, receive inltrudions to proceed on the part of the Public Th rough the Secretary.

Were you inllruded to order the Solicitor of the Treasury to use due diligence for the recovery of the remaining debt due from the estate of Mr. Adam Jellicoe, subsequent to the 29th of May 1800 ?—I have no recollection of any; I should have thought, indeed, the proceedings under the Extent would have gone on as matters of course; I should have thought, indeed, if any directions had been necessary, they might have been given from the Treasurer of the Navy..

After the writ of Privy Seal had been ifibed for acquitting Lord Melville of Mr. Jellicoe’s deficiency, did it not become the duty of the Treasury to order all poflihle lteps to be taken for the recovery of such debt, in consequence of that writ, due to the Public, and to see that such proceedings as might have been previously inttituted were in due form, and then carrying on?—1 verily believe the Treasury thought no further steps necessary, the Extents having been previously ill’ued, as I have already said; I am perfectly fine no favour was intended to any of the parties by such directions not having been given; nor am I aware of any person being benefited by such proceedings, not having been had.

xo L

Appendix, (No. 58.^ 27* Mail,

continued.,

1^—*

864

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 58.)

Report from the Select Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—continued.

Mdiiy Did you ask Mr. White, or do you think you at the time knew

what was the exact state of the proceedings under the Extents?—I have no recollection of any particulars that passed in conversation on the subject whatever, nor am 1 sure Mr. White was the person I converged with.

How long did you continue Secretary to the Treasury?—Until about March 1801.

Did you ever make subsequent enquiry as to the state of the proceedings under the Extent, or ever know officially what progress might have been made towards the reduction of the debt due from the estate of Mr. Adam Jellicoe?—No, I do not believe I ever did.

Who drew the writ of Privy Seal ?—I imagine the Clerk whose orderly duty it is.

Was it submitted to the Law Officers of the Crown for their opinion as to its legality ?—I do not know.

Are such writs of acquittance to Public Debtors frequent?—Ido not think they are; I am not prepared to answer that; the Auditors of Public Accounts are more qualified to answer that question than I am.

Are such writs of acquittance submitted to the Auditors of Public Accounts, previous to their being sealed ?—In instances where the Treasury think themselves incompetent to decide on the merits of the case, and in instances where allowances are claimed, they are fub-niitted to the Auditors of Public Accounts, or Comptrollers of Army Accounts, and occasionally to other Boards.

Was the writ in question ever submitted to the Auditors of Public Accounts, either before or after its being sealed ?—No, 1 believe it was not thought necessary; the circumstances probably appeared sufficiently clear upon the face of the transaction to the Board, not to render it necessary to make any reference.

Where are writs of this description registered or kept?—I imagine they are registered at the Privy Seal Office.

continued.

The Examination of Joseph White, Esq.—taken 16th May 1805.

It appears by your evidence before the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, that you were employed by the Treasurer of the Navy to recover a debt due to him from the estate of Adam Jellicoe, at what time did you receive your instrudions to proceed in that bnfiness ?— On or about the 28th of August 1789; I was employed by Mr. Trotter.

You stated, that you debited the Treasurer of the Navy in your books for the expences attending that business; did you consider him as your private debtor for such expences, or did you debit him in virtue of his office, and as for a transaction belonging to the Public ?— I considered myielf as employed by him in the capacity of Treasurer of the Navy, and that I was at liberty to deduct the expences out of the money I recovered, which I did.

Did you then consider it as a public transaction ?—I did.

By your evidence before the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry, it appears that you had not proceeded in such business since the year 1792 or 1793, what has been the reason of your not proceeding since that period ?—I received no directions to proceed, and I did not conceive that there was any of Mr. Jellicoe’s property that could be recovered; and I beg to add, that there were some patents respecting the making of iron in a particular way, for the purclmfe of which many offers had been made, but 1 never could get any person finally to agree as a purchaser.

Were all the proceeds usually had under writs of Extent or under writs of Diem claufit extremum, put in force by you against the heirs er executors of Mr. Adam Jellicoe; and was every part of his property taken possession of on the part of the Crown in the way usual under i'uch writs ?—I think they were whenever there was a probability of getting any thing by virtue of such process.

Did you take upon you to judge of such probability, or did you Rate the case to and take the judgment of any other person?—I certainly did not judge entirely myself; I had many conversations with Mr. Trotter upon the subject, and from thence and my own judgment, I formed my opinion.

Had you ever any communication of any fort with Lord Melville OB the subject ?—I think 1 never had.

Is it usual with you, after having received instrudions to proceed on the part of the Public, to stop such proceedings without special order, and for want of special directions, to continue process from time to time }—Certainly not, as Solicitor of the Treasury, or to the Auditors or to other Boards.

How came you then to stop proceedings in the case of Jellicoe, without such special order ?—Because I conceived the employment different; I conceived that I was applied to because the Solicitor of the Admiralty happened to be absent, and that it was no part of my public duty to go on without directions.

Were you satisfied at the time proceedings ceased in the year or 1793, that every possible exertion had been made for the recovery of the debt due from the estate of Mr. Adam Jellicoe, and thuteveiy thing had, in point of fad, been recovered which could be espech.d' from that estate ?—I was Iatisfied that every thing that had come to my knowledge had been got that could be got.

Have proceedings in that business ever been resumed?—I do uot recelled they have.

Have all the papers and instrudions on that case been left in your office, or have you been directed at any time to transfer them to tht office of the Solicitor of the Admiralty ?—They have been left ia my office.

Under the original instrudions you received, did you consider it your duty to proceed without further orders, whillt there were an? visible efteds on which you could hope to recover any further sums for the discharge of the balances due from Mr. Jellicoe’s cliate to the Public?—I did.

Should you have waited, in case you thought any such steps could be effectual, for fresh instrudions?—Certainly not.

Had fresh instrudions been given, is it your opinion that vou could have recovered further against Mr. Jellicoe’s estate?—I think not.

Did you ever receive from any person, or Public Board, any erder or authority to stay proceedings against Mr. Jellicoe’s estate?—Never.

It is stated in the evidence given hv Mr. Samuel Jellicoe, that he paid to Mr. Trotter £. 300. on the 23d ot September 1701 1,750.

on the 21st of May 1800; that he also paid him on the 23d September 1791, £• 150.; and on the 2ilt of May 1800, £. 875. for tea years, and a quarter’s rent, at £. 100. per annum, of a wharf and warehouse at Gosport, part of the estate of his late father; uid Mr Trotter give you an account of the receiptof each of those sums?—N\».

Did you know of the exifience of tire wharf and warehouse at Gosport, as part of the estate of Adam Jellicoe?—I do not recollect whether this wharf and warehouse is in the inquisition or ml that was issued upon the Extent; if it was found I mult have known it.

Can you refer to the inquisition, and ascertain that fad ?—I can.

Be pleased to do so ?—I will.

It is stated by Mr. Samuel Jellicoe in his evidence, that by agreement with the Paymaster of the Navy, he was to pay a debt of £. 4,000. due from him to his father at the time of his father’s decease, by instalments of £.200. ppr annum, and that he had paid altogether the fuin of £. 2,050. up to the 31st of March 1S00; L.tve you received on the part of the Public, or on account of Lord Melville, or Mr. Trotter, any further instalment since that date in discharge of the balance oi that debt ?—1 have received neither those instalments, nor any.

Are you aware that a writ of Privy Seal was issued on the 31st of May 1800, for acquitting Lord Melville of Mr. Jcllkoe’s deficiency? I have heard so, but have no knowledge of it.

Have you received, subsequent to the 29th of May 1S00, cny direction from Mr. Trotter or Lord Melville, from the Beard of Treasury, or from any other office or person, any direction to receive such further instalments in discharge of the balance of that debt?—I sever have.

Did you consider the instrudions, under which you originally acted, as superseded by the writ of Privy Seal for acquitting Lord Melville of Mr. Jellicoe’s deficiency ?—No.

Could you fttppose proceedings could have been carried on against Mr. Jellicoe’s estate by any other professional person, whillt all the papers with reference to proceedings already had under the Extent remained in your hands?—Certainly not.

Were the original instrudions for the proceedings against Jellicoe* effects such as were usually given in cases of the like nutuit?—The very moment that I had the instrudion to issue the Extent, I thought it my duty to recover ev ery thing that could be got from the estate of Mr. Jellicoe, and that they were the usual instrudions given ou similar occasions.

Did the issue of the writ of Privy Seal prevent your proceeding in the manner which you should have done if uo such writ of Privy Seal had been issued?—Certainly not.

Was it explained to you, when the instrudions were first given to you, that you was employed in this business, because the Solicitor of the Admiralty was absent?—I believe it was.

Did you under and, that having once began the business, the whole of it was to be left to you, or had you reason to expect that the conduct of it would have been transferred to the Solicitor of the Admiralty when he returned to London?—! thought that it vvouri have been left to Mr. Chamberlain and myself as long as we could go on with it.

Do you recoiled how soon after the death of Mr. Jelhcoe, any reference was had to the books of Mr. Coutts, his banker, in to ascertain whether there was in that house any sum of mor.ty the property of Mr. Jellicoe?—I do not.

Tht

865

45 Geo. lit;

Appendix;

Report from the Select Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—continued.

The further Examination of Joseph White, Esq.—taken the 22d of May 1805.

When did you first know oi the writ of Privy Seal having issued?

■—I think not until the Enquiry before the Naval Commissioners took place.

You state that you had sufficient instructlons to proceed, but in the former part of your evidence, that you waited for special orders; from whom did you expect to receive such orders?—From Mr. Trotter.

Did you under and that he had taken upon himself to examine into the hate of the property that was recoverable ?—Yes, I did under and he had, and had employed people for the purpose.

Was that your reason for not proceeding without his direction ?— I cannot say that it was.

Did you make any agreement with Mr. Samuel Jellicoe for the payment of £.4,000. by instahnents ?—No, 1 did not.

Did you consider yourself charged with the duties of Receiver with respect to the items of Mr. Jellicoe’s ehate, or only charged with conducting the law proceedings with respect to the fame?—Only charged with conducting the law proceedings; I did receive money, but 1 paid it over as soon as I had received it.

Did you consider it your duty to Ice that the annual payments arising from the estate were regularly discharged?—No.

In whole hands did you conceive that duty retted?—Mr. Trotter’s.

Why did not the Isle of the freehold at Gol'port take place, and why was the rent of £. 100. a year preferred to the actual sale of the premises?—It was becuule I received no special diiedions for the purpose; and I beg leave to add, that such an order may now be obtained, and the rents be recovered.

The Examination of Charles Bicknell, Esq.—taken the 17th of May 1805.

Are you Solicitor to the Admiralty?—I am.

Do you in the common course of business manage all legal transactions refuelling Public Money on the part of the Admiralty, the Navy Pay Office, and the different Boards attached thereto?—I do.

Had you at any time any inllrudions relative to a writ of Extent, and a writ of Diem claulit extremum, ilVued against Mr. Adam Jellicoe, lbmetime Deputy Paymaster of the Navy, on the part of the Treasurer of the Navy, or his Paymaster?—I believe that transaction took place prior to my being appointed Solicitor to the Admiralty. 1 was appointed on the id of March 1796.

Who preceded you as Solicitor of the Admiralty ?—Mr. Dyfom

Is he dead?—No; he relides at Margate.

Did Mr. Dyson deliver to you, upon your appointment as Solicitor to the Admiralty, all the papers and other documents relative to proceedings inltituted by order of any of the Public Boards with which he was connecied, and then pending| touching Public Money? —I believe he did.

Is there then in your Office any trace of any proceedings against Mr. Adam Jellicoe or his representatives ?—I believe there is not.

Since your appointment, has any business of that nature been conducted by any perl’on other than yourself, when such business originated in any of the Boards for which you are concerned as Solicitor?—I believe not.

Do you know of any of the proceedings against Mr. Jellicoe ?— No.

The Examination of Charles Inn is, Esq.—taken the 17 th of May 1805.

What is your situation in Scotland?—Writer to the Signet.

What are the duties of that situation ?—I ad as Solicitor, Attorney, and Conveyancer.

Is it usual, in settling accounts between parties in Scotland, mutually to deliver up or destroy the vouchers or documents upon which such settlement takes place ?—It is usual mutually to deliver up the vouchers, but not to deftioy.

Is it uludl in any release that takes place between the parties upon such settlement, to refer, in the body of the release, to the vouchers so delivered up or destroyed?—The release generally bears, that the vouchers have been mutually delivered up, hut nothing said about destroy ing.

Have you lean a clause of the nature of that contained in the release now in your hand?—I have seen a clause bearing that the vouchers have been mutually delivered up, but I never saw one by which it was agreed mutually to cancel and destroy the vouchers.

For what legal purpose is a reference in releases introduced to the vouchershaving been mutually delivered up?—I believe it is more owing to the anxiety of parties than necessary in itself.

Is it to make the release supersede in point of legal effect all preceding instruments ? —I should think f).

Supposing a release to he executed between parties at the time remote from each other, is it unusual, according to the practice of Scotland, to covenant that that should be done by the parties, namely,

that all vouchers should be delivered up or destroyed which is referred to in releases as actually done by parties settling accounts on the l’pot together?—In the case put, there is generalfy an obligation inserted in the release dr discharge, obliging the parties afterwards mutually to deliver up the vouchers.

Under the term vouchers, do you mean to comprehend account-books kept by the parties ?—I do not.

Did you ever know an instance where, upon the settlement of accounts between parties, account-books have been delivered up or destroyed by agreement specified?—" I never did"

Did you ever know an instance where an agent for several parties having kept the accounts of all those parties in one general book, upon the settlement of his account with one of his principals, had either delivered up such general account-book to that one principal> or by agreement with that one principal, had destroyed it ?—I never did/

You say you have seen a clause inserted in a release or releases, drawn according to the Scotch form, in which it is agreed to deliver up vouchers on both Tides; in the course of your bufiriefs do you usualty draw them with such clauses?—1 generally do.

Would not a release be to all intents and purposes as binding upon the parties without such clause, and would not such release continue to be binding, supposing the existence of all the vouchers for the' accounts to which such release referred?—I think it would.

Is the release in your hand in the Scotch form?—It appears to me to be partly in the English and partly in the Scotch form.

The further Examination of Charles Inn is, Esq.—take* the 20th of May 1805.

[Delivers in a Letter.]

In your Letter, you have stated that you wiftied to add to your evidence, given before this Committee, to the words " I never did* (in page 865, May 17) the following words:—" On recollection

" I have known some instances of a factor or steward delivering up " his account-books to his employerdo you mean thereby to state that you have known account-books kept by an agent, with several employers, to have been delivered up to any one of his employers, on the settlement of his account with such employer?—I do not.

The Examination of Charles Small Pybus, Esq.—taken the 17th of May 1805.

Were you a Lord of the Treasury in the month of May 1800?— I was.

Do you recollcdl to have been present at a Board of Treasury on the 29th of May 1800, w hen a statement was submitted by Mr. Rose to that Board of a debt due to the Treasurer of the Navy by Mr. Adam Jellicoe?—I do recoiled! the circumstances relative to the deficiency of Mr. Jellicoe having come under the consideration of tire Board; the precise day on which it did so I cannot so clearly recoiled!; but I take it for granted that a copy of the Minute, published in the Tenth Report, is accurate as to date.

Who prepares the Minutes of the Treasury Board?—Sometimes one of the four senior Clerks, if the Secretaries happen by any accident not to be present.

Is it usual to put down the names of Lords who are not present ? —It is; Mr. Pitt’s name, I believe, is often put down in his absence.

Do you recoiled! who was present at the Board when Mr. Jellicoe’s case was brought before the Lords of the Treasury?—I so little recoiled! the circumstances, that the impression upon my mind is at this moment a very general one with respect either to the time or manner when this matter did come before the Board at all.

Do you recoiled! any particular directions having been given by the Board for an investigation into the truth of the statement submitted to the Board by Mr. Rose on that subject?—I have already said, that my recollection in respect to the transaction was a very general one/ and 1 have no recollection of such directions having been given upon the particular day On which I understood that this Minute took place. I have no doubt but that Mr. Pitt was present at the Board, because it was the day on which it appears, by the Minutes, that the Commissioners of Taxes made their Annual Report, when Mr. Pitt invariably attended. Mr. Pitt’s name is, I pfriume, occasionally inserted in the Minutes as present, if be happens, although not actually in the Board-room, to be in his own house; so that any matter of a very special nature, upon which the opinion of the First Lord of the Treasury should he considered as indispensable, might be immediately referred to him; but I believe it was not customary to insert the names of the junior Lords if they were not actually present.

When are the names of the Lords present put down?—They are put down as the commencement of the proceedings of the day, as soon as the Board begins to ftt, and if during the fitting any Lord should come in, his name 16 added to the rest, which would account for Mr. Sinytil’s name being the lull in the Minute referred to, although that Gentleman was senior to mi in His Majesty’s Cona-miflioiu

Ji

Appendix,

(No. 58.)

27* Maii,

continued.

866 Appendix. 1805.

Appendix, (No. 58.) 27" Maii,

continued.

Report from the Select Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry-—

Do yon remember being called into the Rank parlour, and asked

If a Lord, whose name is put down at the meeting of the Board, should withdraw before the conclusion of it, would it appear on the Minutes that he had so withdrawn ?—1 fancy not.

The Examination of the Right Honourable John Smyth ;— taken the 17th of May 1805.

Were you a Lord of the Treasury in May 1800?—Yes.

Do you recoiled to have been present at a Board of Treasury, held *>n the ayth of May in that year, to which Mr. Rose submitted a statement of a debt due to the Treasurer of the Navy, from Mr. Adam JelJicoe?—I do not recoiled that I was present on that day, but I fee by the Tenth Report I was, and I have no doubt of it.

Do you recoiled any of the circumstances of Mr. Jellicoc’s case, or of the issue of the writ of Privy Seal for acquitting Lord Melville of Mr. Jellicoe’s deficiency?—I do not; at that time there were annually submitted to the Treasury between five -and six thousand memorials, and other papers, it will not therefore appear surprising, at this diliance of time, that the circumstances of any particular transaction should have escaped my recollection.

The Examination of John Marsh, Esq.— taken the 20th of May 1805.

Do you recoiled, in February 1797, a Victualling Bill for £. 1,000., drawn by Mr. George Desborough, from Martinique, and payable to T. Murcarty and Co. to be prefen ted by Mr. Barclay at the \ idu-alling Oflice for payment?—1 have no other recollection of the circumstance than what has recently come to my knowledge.

State the circumstances?—A Bill of Exchange for £. 1,000., drawn by Mr. George Desborough, was ordered on the 6th of February 1797 to be accepted from the time it was left, and became due on the 18th of February; on the 9th of February the Victualling Board wrote for £.70,000. for the payment of Rills of Exchange, in which sum the Bill in question was included; on the 25th of February £.47,000. was received in part of the sum applied for, and on the fame day the above Bill, with many others, were assigned for payment, and immediately ready for delivery; it was delivered on the full of March following to Mr. Barclay, who might have had it, as 1 am informed, in time for payment, on the 25th of February, had he applied for it. I received this information from the Accomptant; I knew' nothing of the transaction myself.

Did the Accomptant ollicially report tlicfe circumstances for your information as a Commissioner of the Board?—As a Commissioner of the Board, at my desire; I was not then a Member of the Board at the time the transaction took place.

Have you ever known payment delayed, or refused, on any Victualling Bill actually assigned by the Commissioners of the Victualling Board on the Treasurer of the Navy?—No; the Bills are never, to the heft of my recollection, assigned till we know there are monies ready in the hands of the Treasurer of the Navy to discharge them.

Have alignments ever been delayed, to your knowledge, on account of the want of money in the hands of the Treasurer of the Navy to cover such alignments?—7he Account which is preparing, in answer to the Precept of this Committee, directed to the Victualling Board, will shew what delay has occasionally occurred.

7’ke Examination of Abraham Newland, Lfq.—taken the 20th of May 1805.

[Delivers in a Paper of the dates of Loans of 1795 and 1796.]

Do you recoiled at any time to be informed, that Lord Melville, as 'Treasurer of the Navy, kept his calli at a private Banking-house instead of the Bank ?—I certainly knew that the call), or part of the call), was removed from the Bank to MeOVs. Coutts', but the reason for so doing I really cannot tell.

Was it a large part of his calli he kept at his private Bankers?— I really cannot tell, but I apprehend at some times it must have been very considerable.

Can you form any opinion as to the amount at any particular time?—I really cannot.

How did the circumstance come to your knowledge?—The Clerks of the Bank frequently told me, that at the Navy Pay Office they received drafts for the payment of Navy Rills upon the house of Mrftrs. -Coutts and Company, instead of upon the Bank.

Did you communicate the information you had obtained to any body?—i have occasionally mentioned it to the Directors.

Do you recoiled to which of the Piredors ?—I do not; there have been generally several present when I have mentioned it.

Do you recoiled any conversution with Mr. Giles, or Mr. Raikes, upon the subject?—1 do not immediately charge my memory with that.

Do you know how long the practice had prevailed ?—I do uot recoiled that; it is a good many years back.

by Mr. Raikes what was your knowledge of this practice ?—I do not recoiled that I was; nor did I ever hear Mr. Raikes speak on this subject till after the Tenth Report came out; I do not remember taut he ever did.

Did you know that a represen tat ion of the subject had besn mail to the Chancellor of the Exchequer by Mr. Raikes?—Mr. llaike* did mention it to me since the Tenth Report came out.

Did you know it before the 7 enth Report came out ?— No.

, In your opinion, on the 9th of September 1796, was &ny of the securities shewn to you in the paper, securities that the Bank of England would have difeounted?—I should have supposed that the Bank would have difeounted the Bills in question, unless fume particular circumstance had prevented it; they might have been refuted, if the person presenting them had large discounts.

Do you think they were securities, that, generally speaking, went difeountable in the money market, or on which money could have been obtained ?—Yes.

Do you recoiled the distress in the money market in the month of September 1796 ?—I do not.

When you lav you suppole these securities could have raised money in the money market, do you lpeak with reference to the particular distress of the times in the money market in September 1796?—I think they are very good fecuiities, and might have found credit if they could have found a house in calli to discount them: if there had been a great prelVure, that might have been an impediment.

Are the discounts of the Bank carried on under your direction?— No.

Is it a separute department ?—Yes.

The Examination of Sir Andrew Sxate IIamond, Biirt— taken the 24th of May 1S05.

Have you known any transfer to take place of monies from one branch of Navy Service to another?—I have not, except in one instance.

State what that instance was?—In March 1797, £. 80,000. hud been issued from the 7reafury, which had been intended to be equally divided between the Navy and the Victualling Department; but the Treasurer having certified £.48,000. and a fraction, to the V idualling Board, and the remainder only to the Navy Board, the latter wrote to the Victualling Board to desire they would transfer the overplus of the moiety to the Pay Branch for Seamen’s Wages, under the direction of the Navy Board.

Has the I’reafurer of the Navy, of his own authority, any power of making such transfer ?—Certainly uot; and, as a proof of it, if either of the departments require to have balances which stunds under thi heads of service under their controul, the fame is done by a letter from that Board.

Was the transfer in question made by the Victualling Board, upon the application of the Navy Board to correct what they understood had been an error in the Paymaftter, in canying the directions and intentions of the Treasury into execution ?—Yes, it was.

Can you ddcribe the manner in which the funds issued to the respective Naval Branches are regulated and applied by the Commis. lioners of each branch ?—The paper I now deliver in to the Committee will Ihcw the various heads of service under which the accounts are kept, and whenever the Boards find the balances under either of the heads of service more than they deem sufficient for the prolpedive service, they direct the 'Treasurer by letter to transfer spe-cilic sums from one bead of service to the other; hut the 7’reafurer has no authority whatever to take from one balance and carry it to another on his own authority.

Do you mean to state that the transfer takes place by order of the Board from one head of service, within the same branch to another, or from one branch of Naval Service to another brunch, under different Commissioners?—I mean only a transfer of the heads of service, within their own department.

Do you conceive that any one branch would order a transfer to be made to another branch under dillerent Commissioners, except in conformity to what they conceive to be the directions and intention* of the 'Treasury in the cale of the 4th of March ?—I do not.

Look at the transfers entered in that book; arc they transfers from branch to branch, or are they transfers from one head of service to another within the same branch ?—The first is a transfer from the Victualling Branch to the Navy Pay Branch of £.8,904., which 1 have already mentioned, ami is a transfer from one branch to another branch, under different Commissione? s; the second on the 6th of March, is a transfer from the Navy Brand) to another head within the same department; the third is on the 25th, of £. 16,000., exactly of the fame nature.

From the Minute-book of what Board is. the extract in your hand a copy ?—From the Victualling Board.

Did

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix

867

Report from the Select Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—continued.

Appendix (A.)

REPORT of Conference with the Lords, on the subject of permitting Lord Melville to be Examined—13th Muy 1805.

Appendix,’ (No. 58.) 27* Maiiy edntinued.

Did it ever happen, during the time that Mr. Trotter was Pay-' nuiftei of the Navy, that he made an olhcial and private communication to you, or to any other person with your knowledge, and for your information, or lor the information of the Board over which you preiide, of the real ttate of balances as coiitra-dilmigtiished from their apparent ftute, in order that you might thereby regulate your official communications ?— It has fometuues happened, when the dillereut offices have had nieinoiials at the Treasury lor fmns under dilierent heads of lei vice within their departments, the Treasury has Ufued in Exchequer Bills a certain fmu of money to the Treasurer of the Navy for Naval Services; and 1 have received a note or module Irom the Secretary of the Treasury to request I would divide tlioie iums to the dilierent departments, uccinduig to the prciVure of their services, or the extent of their memorials. I never 111 any one inllance had any communication, either verbal or by letter, with Mr. '1 roller, or any body acting under him, to inform me that the Navy Board could not at any time draw out the whole of any balance 111 his hands under any head of 1‘er vice.

have at any time directions if! tied by the Navy Board to the Trcaiuier of the N^v}, for the ihue of certain hums of money for the life ot that broach, been recalled in consequence of any private com-Hiiimc^tion irom the SecieUines of the Treasury through Mr. Trotter?—Not that I remember.

Ilu\e you any re« oiiecuon of having seen a note, bearing date the " ‘25th of March 1707, Treasury Chambers,'* in the following terms;—u Mr. Roie pi cleats his compliments to Mr. Trotter, and acquaints him, that as the Exchequer Bills aie at lb high a dileount, the Leiter for the £. -200,000. on Exchequer bills lor Naval her'vices must be withdrawn, of which circundLmce Mr. Role deliies Mr. Trotter will acquaint Sir Andrew Ilaiuond and Mr. Newland today £ was you ever inhumed, to the belt of your recollection, of the purport of that note ? - I have no doubt 1 was at the time, but it was not in my recollection when lanlwcied the Lite queliion.

Do \ou conceive the elicit oi that note to be to delay an issue from the ’11 Ovilury to the Tre.diner of the Navy, upon a memorial already presented by him, 01 to contain directions to delay payments for Naval Service after funds hud been issued from, the lrealury to the Treasurer of the Navy? —1 conceive the information deiirtd to he given to me was only for the pm pole of being informed that some other mode 'Would be tihen to supply the demands than by the nine of Exchequer Bills, m laid I count lint intended, and which 1 conclude was done by 4 an lime of money from the Exchequer.

Till Inch mode was adopted, would there have been any funds in the lands of the Treasurer of the Navy out of which payments could be made?—1)< uhtlels they were, and they were taken irom the different beads of service to pay such services as were the most piefling within their department.

Did you in any instance make application for money on account of the Navy Board by private letter, and was such application complied with?—] have no doubt that I may occasionally have informed the Secretaries of the Treasury of any particular service that required ilVues of money to the Tie hirer of the Navy, winch had not been complied with, but it mult have been chiefly on account of the Pay-malter of the Marines.

has any money, at any time, been issued upon a private, communication only ?—Most certainly not.

Has any money been issued from the Treasurer, without an official application being frit made according to the regular form of the office?—Never to my knowledge.

Did you ever make application for money which had not been before applied for by public memorial, or unless it was to give notice that it would be applied for by public memorial ?—Never.

Has the N avy Board, in any inlbmce, in consequence of any private communication with Mr. Trotter, or any other person, delayed giving any directions for any payment, or any alignment, having at the time a balance Handing in the books of the Treasurer of the Navy ?— K ever.

Was there ever any delay of a letter of direction to the Treasurer of the Navy, to memorialize the Lords of the Treasury for the iliiie of any sums of money for the nle of the Navy Board, in consequence of any private communication with any person ?—It is possible I may have been requeued by the Secretaries of the Treasury to keep down the demands of the Navy as much as possible for a certain time, when money was expected to come into the Treasury, and therefore would he more convenient to issue it a lew days hence than at the present time.

Did you ever receive such communication from any other person?— No.

W hen money officially applied for has not been immediately iflited, have you been in the habit of informing the Treasury by private letter of the pressure for any particular service, requeuing th A the money for inch particular servie* should be first blued or accelerated ? —Frequently.

Mr. Lkycester reported the Conference; and that it was to acquaint this House,

That the Lords, always deiirous that a good intelligence and right underfunding lilo.ild be maintained betwixt the Two Houses, and per-iaaded that nothing can tend more effectually thereunto than a dole, adherence to the ancient and regular methods of proceeding between* the Two Houses, have desired this Conference upon the i’uhjed matter of the Mcili.ge feui by the Motile of Commons, for leave for the Loul, Viscount Mdville to attend the Select Committee of that House, in*, order to be examined,—to communicate to the House of Commons,

That it appears undeni ibly, by an uniform leries of precedents down to the present time, that the course adopted by the Lords respecting the giving leave to the Members of tludr Lordships House to go down to the House of Commons, h^s been, to permit the Members oi their^ Lordships House, on their own requeh, to defend themselves in thq House of Commons, if they think lit, on any points 011 which that House has not previously passed any acdilatory or criminating Refutations against them; and also to permit the Members of their Lordships lloule, on tire requell of the llouie ot Commons, to give evidence, if they think fit, before that lloule, or any Committee thereof, on thoi$ *' points only on which no matter oi ucculuiion or charge is at that time in any manner depending against them before that 1 Ionic, vs hethec the same shall then have been resolved by the lloule of Commons, or not.

The Lords have also directed Us to acquaint the House of Commons, That their Lordships, rely ing with the most perled coniidence that tli« House of Commons are at all times as defuous to prderve the privi*. leges of the Lords as to maintain their own, have given leave to the Lord Viscount Melville (who had also previously made it his own unqualified request) to go down to the Select Committee of the House of Commons, to whom the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry (respecting the ollice of the Treasurer of Ills Majesty's Navy) is referred, to enquire into file application of any monies issued to the Treasurei'of the Navy for Naval Services to purposes not Naval; and whether any, and wlrat representations, were made to the Lords Coinmihioners of His Majesty s Treasury, or the Chancellor of the Exchequer, respecting the withdrawing from the Bank any sums of money so issued linee the passing of the Act of -25 Geo. III. c. 31.; and also into the proceedings Had for the recovery of the debt due to the Crown by the late Adam Jellicoe,-^in order to be examined at that Committee, if he shall lb think lit; his Lordship nevertheless conforming himself, in all respects, to the course directed to be connminj* cated to the Commons as above.

Appendix (B.)

Sir, Thursdny, 16th May 1805.

In order to prevent any mifeonftrudion which may possibly arise from verbal inaccuracy in my Answers of yefierelay, I request that tin* words for account of may be understood or inserted in all cases where I have mentioned Sums of Money as paid or remitted to the Direction of his Imperial Majesty’s Finances at Vienna. Thus, the payment of £. 186,000. and upwards, made-in October 1706, was for account of the Hireftion of Finances at Vienna, but it was made to the Bank of England for a Dividend and Charges of Management on the Imperial Loan.

I also wish to Hate, in explanation of a Queliion put to me ou Monday (page 860.) of my Examination, that I perfectly recollect having, in the month of February 1707, ligned a Bond jointly with Walter Boyd and l'aul Benfuld, fora lum of £.50,000. undertaken to be paid at Madras, in star pagodas, by Waller Boyd, Junior; but I did not recollect that William Mac Hawaii, Robert Ilnulbmn Rae, and Andrew Honfloun, were also jointly bound as lure lies for the fame transaction. 1 have, however, this morning, seen a Copy of the Bond in queliion, which iatislies me that they were parties to the fame Bond, but by no means as partner# in the firm of Boyd, Beniield, and Company, for which there is not the slighted ground ot pretence; they appear to have ligned the Bond merely as joint huelies to the Crown for the performance of Walter Boyd Juuioi’s engagement; and I rather suppose that they may have executed it at a (inherent time, particularly the last mentioned Gentleman, Mr. Andrew Houftuun, who, I believe, refldes in Scotland, and with whom I am unacquainted.

I have the honour to be, Sir,

Your most obedient and very bumble Servant, Waiting Room of Committee. Jas Drummond.

II. Leycester, Esq.

Chairman of the Committee of the House of Common* ou Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry, &c. &c. &e. io M

868

Appendix.

A. 1805,

Appendix. (No. 58.) 27* Maii,

continued.

' 1

Report from the Sele# Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—continued.

Appendix (C.)

Sir, No. 18, Suffolk-street, loth May 1805.

j Ox examining my Evidence yelteiday, and reconlidering the Questions, 1 find I have not been so accurate or explicit in my Answers as 1 wished to have been. I therefore hope that the Committee will have the goodness to permit me to amend and explain them.

In page 865, the words " but not to dfjtroy," to be struck out, and flicfe inierted: " and being delivered up, it is in the power of both, u or either of the parties, to preserv or destroy them, as they may think fit.'*

In the fame page 865, the words " but nothing said about destroy-* ing* to be struck out, and thete inserted: " but does not usually bear, to be destroyed, for the reason assigned in my Answer to the " hilt Question, namely, that the parties may preserv or cancel the

* V ouchers, as they think proper."

In page 865, the Answer, " I believe more, Sf-c." to be Aruck out, and the following inserted: " I believe the reason of introducing the 4< Clause, and of the Vouchers being delivered up, was the anxiety €< of parties to guard against all after claims and demands that might M be made by the one againA the other, or by their Representatives " after their deaths, if the Releases should be loA or destroyed."

In page 865, aftef the words " I never dicto be added: €t on " recollection, 1 have known some inAances of a Factor or Steward " delivering up his Accompt-books to his Employer."

In page 865, the words, " I think it would,*' to be Aruck out, and these inserted: " I do not feel myself very competent to answer this or any H similar Question involving a point of Law. I fiill however think it

* would; but if the Releases were loll, or deAroyed by accident, and il the Vouchers in exiAence not delivered up, the Vouchers might be u made the foundation of a claim or demand by the party disposed to M take advantage of the circumstance, or by his Representative."

LaAiy, in farther explanation, I wish it to be added: " I know u it is the pra#ice of some people in Scotland to defiroy the Checks or Vouchers of the Accompt with their Bankers, after the Accompt u is settled. I have done so myself."

It will be obliging, if you will desire the Clerk to make the above Amendments or Explanations—or if the Committee will allow me to do it in their presence. I am sorry to give you. Sir, this trouble— but 1 am anxious that the Answers which have Occurred to me, on a more attentive consideration of the Questions, should appear on the face of the Minutes. I have the honour to be, with very great respect.

Sir*

Tour mo A obedient humble Servant, Hugh LeyceAer, Esq. Cha* Innis.

Chairman of the Sele# Committee

on the Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry.

Appendix (D.)

Sir, Navy Office, 14th May 1805.

In answer to the Precept of the Honourable the Committee of the House of Commons of yesterday s date, we have the honour to state to you, for the information of the Committee, that there are no Books or Documents in this Office which shew that any Bills, due at any time, have been delayed either to be paid, or to be assigned for payment from the' want of money in the hands of the Treasurer.

We are, Sir,

Your moA obedient humble Servants, Hugh LeyceAer, Esq. J. .$, llamond.

Chairman of the Committee of the }\ J. Hartwell,

House of Commons on the Tenth Report //. Legge. of the Commillioiiers of Naval Enquiry.

Appendix (E.)

Extra# from the Cash Book of Boyd, Benfield, & Company. Cash - - - Dr so. 17.

1706: Sept. 9. To Walter Boys, 7aof Discount for the following Bills dtlcountedby him; viz,

£.4,094 4 o on the India Company.

7>734 7 9 on - - D°

7°5 15 0

806 11 6

1,109 0 9

9°7 7 11

S04 2 2

1,008 4 4,

'•1,834 8 2

11,000 0 0

on the Treasury, 20 -

on the Victualling Office on the Treasury -

— * -. - - £-40.704

Not yet received - 10,704 1

Nov^l

- 28th Oft* 7

fol. 19.

Sept. 10. Walter Boyd, °/a of Discount received further from him on account of the Bills given him yefier-day, 195. - - - - £io, ooa

Extra# from the Ledger of Boyd, Beufield, be Company,

r year 179b.

folio 195. J

Walter Boyd, •ar/acct of Discount * - Cr

1796; Sept. 9. By Call), sundry Bills difed by him* recd

on aec*

to.

£.30,000.

4,‘l?

- D9 * 19 10,000,

*95

£ $0,000.

Appendix (F.)

Privy Seal Office, 18th May 1805. Writs of Privy Seal, frotn the year 1760 to the present time, fur passing and auditing of Public Accounts, and for discharging of Accountants,

George Grenville, Esq. 7 His Majesty’s Warrant to the Commissionerg Accounts to be passed, j of the Treasury, Chamberlains, and Barons of the Exchequer, and to the Auditors of the Imprest now and for the time being, and to all other Officers of the Exchequer, to pal’s and audit the Accounts of George Grenville, Esq. Treasurer of the Navy, of all sum and sums of money which he hath received, or shall receive, for the service of His Majesty’s Naw Royal and Marine Affairs, notwithstan^ing any preceding Accounts of former Treasurers may not be passed; and the Commissioners of the Navy are to examine the Ledger Books of the said Accounts, and, if need be, to corre# the lame, and fubloribe every page thereof which shall be allowed by the Auditors and other Officers of His Majeilj's Exchequer. Dated May 1761.

Lord Viscount Barrington. 1 A similar Warrant for Lord Vif-Accounts to be puffed. £ count Barrington’s Accounts to

J be passed. Dated 15 July 176*2. Lord Viscount Iiowe. . 1 A similar Warrant for Lord Vif.

Accounts to be passed. count Howes Accounts to be

3 puffed. Dated 4th Deer 1765. Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet. Y A similar Warrant for Sir Gil-

Accounts to be paAcd. I hert Elliot’s, Baronet, Accounts

1 to be puffed. Dated April J 1770.

Welbore Ellis, Esquire. 1 A similar Warrant for Welbors

Accounts to be passed. V Ellis, Esquire’s Accounts to be

3 passed. Dated 12 tb July 1777# The Right Honble Isaac Barre. \ A similar Warrant for the Right Accounts to be passed. I HoubJc Isaac Barre’s Accounts

( to be passed. Dated May

Henry Dundas, Esquire. Accounts to be passed.

Y A similar Warrant for Henry f Dundas, Esquire’s Accounts to 1 be passed. Dated 10th 0&. J 1782.

The Right Hon^Cha* Townfiiend.^ A similar Warrant for the Right Accounts to be passed. y IlonbM Charles Townlhends

C Accounts to be puffed. Dated * April 1783.

Henry Dundas, Esquire. } A similar Warrant for the find

Accounts to be passed. f Henry Dundas, Esquire’s Ac-

f counts to be passed. Datea 3 28th January 1784,

Lord Grenville to be discharged } His Majesty’s Warrant to the from a certain Sum issued to him ( Commissioners of the Trea-for Socret Service. ( fury, Chamberlains, and other

J Officers of the Exchequer, no* and for the time being, to exonerate and discharge William W'yndham Lord Grenville, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of and from the sum of £.2,036. 7 s. 6d. part of the sum of £*5>J®3* ill tied to him from the Exchequer for Secret Service abroad, but which never came to his hands, William Vernon, the person usually employed to receive monies at the Exchequer, having absconded therewith. Dated 31ft January 1S00.

Right HonbIe Henry Dundas. 7 His Majesty’s Warrant to the Dischavge. r Commissioners of the Trea-

3 fury, Chancellor, and Indet Treasurer, Chamberlains, and ather Officers and Minifies of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, dire#ing and commanding that the Right Honourable Henry Dundas, Treasurer of the NaV)i his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, be exonerated and discharged from accounting for the sum of £.24,846. 6$. bi^* from the late Adam Jcllicoe to the Public. Dated 21ft May i#oo.

John James Larpent, D«pL

45 Geo. ill* Appendix*

--- - —-----—L- — r it- i ~n i~ ~ i ii i 11 _ ~ ~ r i

Report trom the Sele& Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—continued.

869

Appendix,

(No. 58.)

Appendix (G.)

HALF-RAY to OFFICERS of HIS MAJESTY'S NAVY.

Ending.

When Paid.

Beginning.

i January - 1786 1 July - - —

1 January - 1787 1 July - - —

1 January 1788 1 July - - —

1 January - 1789 1 July - i —

1 January - 1790 i July - - 1790 I January - 1791 1 July - - 1791

l January - 1792 1 July - - 1792 1 January - 1793 l July - - 1793 1 January - 1794 1 July - - 1794. 1 January - 1795 1 July - - 1795 I January - 1796 1 July - - 1796 I January - 1797 1 July - - 1707 l January - 1798 1 July - 1708

1 January - 1799 1 July - . - 1799

30 June - - 1786

31 December —

30 June - - 1787

31 December —

30 June - - 1788

31 December 1788

30 Jlme - - 1789

31 December 1789

30 June - - 1790

31 December —

30 June - - 1791

31 December 1791

30 June - - 1792

31 December —

30 June - - 1793

31 Dacember —

30 June - - 1794

31 December 1794

30 June - - 1795

31 December 1795

30 June - - 1796

31 December —

30 June - - 1797

31 December —

30 June - - 1798

31 December 1798

30 June - - 1799

31 December 1799

20 November 1786

28 April- - 1787 2 October - 1787

26 March - 1788

29 September 1788 6 April - - 1789

29 October - 1789

25 March - 1790

13 December 1790 9 May - - 1791

24 October - 1791 19 March - 1792

10 September 1792

11 March - 1793

26 September 1793

14 April- - 1794* 14 October - 1794

27 April- - 1795 5 October - 1795

24 May - - 1796 10 October - 1796

22 May - - 1797

23 October - 1797 14 May - - 1798 22 October - 1798

1 April - - 1799

28 October - 1799

24 March - 1800

In* Swajfield.

Appendix (H-.)

A LI ST of the Dates of the Payments on the Loan negociated in November or December 1795, and of the Loan negociated in April

Loan of £.\8,000,000. for the Service of the year 1796.

1795: December 10th, 1796: January 22d,

• March 18th,

- May 20th, -

- July 22d, -

September 9th*

- November 11th, -

- December 16 th, -

- Deposit, £. 10 per Cent.

- 2d Payment, £. io per Cent *■ 3d Payment, £. io per Cent

- 4th Payment, £.10 per Cent

- 5th Payment, £.15 per Cent 6th Payment £• 15 Per Cent.

- 7th Payment £- 15 per Cent.

- 8 th Payment £- 15 per Cent

Loan of £. 7,500,00a. for the Service of the year 1796.

1796: April 26th, -

- May 27th, -June 23d,

July 29th, -

- Au^uft 19th,

- September 23d,

- October 26th,

- Deposit £. 10 per Cent

- id Payment, £.15 per Cent

- 3d Payment £-15 per Cent

- 4th Payment, £-*5 per Cent

- 5th Payment, £.15 per Cent

- 6th Payment, £-15 per Cent.

- 7th Payment £• 15 per Cent

A. Nmland,

Chief Cashier.

Bank of England, \ l8th May 1805. 3

Appendix (I.)

(Copy.)

RELEASE between Lord Melville and Mr. Trotter; February 1803.

TO all and sundry to whom theft Presents shall come: We the Right honourable Henry Baron Dunira Lord Viscount Melville, some time Treasurer of His Majesty’s Navy, and Alexander Trotter, Esquire, of Dreghorn, Pajmaftet of His Majesty's Navy, fend greeting. Whereas, for several years pad, there have been sundry accounts, reckonings, and money transactions depending between us, the account of which have lately been examined, adjusted, and agreed upon between us, and upon such examination, settlement and adjustment, there remained a balance due from the said Alexander Trotter to the aforesaid Lord Viscount Melville, of one thousand five hundred and eighty pounds eleven shillings and one penny tier-ling money, with which final examination, stat^m^at, and adjustp

ment, both parties declare themselves perfectly satisfied, and do hereby approve of and ratify the fame: And they have either mutually delivered up to each other, or resolved and agreed mutually to cancel and destroy all the vouchers or other memorandums and writings, that at any time heretofore may have existed, parted, or been interchanged between them relative to the said Accounts, and the different items add articles bf which the said Acbounts are coxfr-posed or confili; and they have further resolved and agreed, mutually to release and difehurge each other up to the day of the date of these Presents, for how and ever: Therefore, the aforesaid Right honourable Henry Lord Viscount Melville, for and in consideration of what is above-mentioned, and also for and in consideration of the film of five [hillings, bf lawful money of Great Britain, to him in hand well and truly paid by the aforesaid Alexander Trotter, the receipt whereof he doth hereby acknowledge; Hath, under tile reservatioti and saving herein after mentioned, remifed, released, and for ever dif-Charged, and doth by these Presents, for himself, his Heifs, Executors, Administrators, and Successors whatsoeVef, femife, release; and for ever discharge the aforesaid Alexander Trottet, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Successors whatsoever, of and from all and all manner of action and actions, cause and causes of &diori and adione, fuite, debts, dues, sum and sums of money; accounts, reckonings* bonds, bills, notes, specialties, covenants, contracts, controversies, agreements, promises; variances, damages, judgments; (extents, executions, claims and demands whatsoever; in law and equity, which against the said Alexander Trotter he, the said Lord Viscount Melville, ever hud, now has, or which he, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Successors hereafter can, shall, or may have, for, upon, or by reason of any matter, cause* or thing whatsoever, from the beginning of the world to the day of the date of these Presents; Saving nevertheless, and refei*ving from the above-mentioned release and discharge, and the effect thereof, the aforesaid sum of one thousand four hundred and eighty pounds eleven [hillingd and one penny, which the aforesaid Alexander Trotter doth hereby acknowledge to be due and owing from him to the said Lord Viscount Melville, as the balance on the aforesaid accounts so settled and adjusted between the said Lord Viscount Melville and him the said Alexander Trotter, as is above-mentioned: And he the aforesaid Alexander Trotter, for and in consideration of what is above-mentioned, and also for and in consideration of the sum of five [hillings of lawful money of Great Britain, to him in hand, well and truly paid by the aforesaid Henry Lord Viscount Melville, the receipt whereof he doth hereby acknowledge, hath remifed, released; and for ever discharged, and by these Presents doth for himself, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Successor9, remise, release, and for ever discharge the aforesaid Lord yifcoUnt Melville, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Successors whatsoever; of alid from all and all manner of action and actions, cause and cause9 of action and actions, suits, debts, dues, sum and sums of money, accounts, reckonings, bonds, bills, notes, specialties, covenant^, contracts, controversies, agreements, promises, variances, damages, judgments, extents, executions, claims, and demands whatsoever, in law and equity, which against the said Lord Viscount Melville, he, the said Alexander Trotter, ever had, now has, or which be, hi* Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Successors, hereafter can, [hall# or may have, for, upon, or by reason of any matter, cause, or thing whatsoever, from the beginning of the world to the day of the data of these Presents: And the said Alexander Trotter doth hereby testify, acknowledge and declare, and that notwithstanding any thing hereinbefore contained, he doth ft ill remain indebted and owing to the aforesaid Henry Lord Viscount Melville in the sum of one thousand four hundred and eighty pounds eleven shillings and one penny, lawful money of Great Britain, being the balance of the accounts finally settled and adjusted between him and the said Lord Viscount Melville, as hereinbefore is mentioned; and both the parties aforesaid consent to the registration hereof in the Books of Council and Session in Scotland, therein to remain for preservation, or, if necessary, that all due and ordinary execution may be directed fiereon; and for that effect they constitute

their Procurators. In Witness whereof* these Presents, written on this and the two preceding pages of paper, duly stamped by Thomd* Doige* Clerk to Mefirs. Spottifwoode and Robertson, of Sackville-street, in the Liberty of Westminster, are subscribed by the said parties, and to this last page they have hereunto respectively set and affixed their seals, as follows’; viz, by the Right honourable Henry Viscount Melville, at Melville Castle, in the county of Mid Lothian, on the eighteenth day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and ihree, before theft witnesses, Thomas Pocknall, and Thomas Mathews, both his servants; and. by the aforesaid Alexander Trotter, at London, on the twenty-third day of February, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred

Maii,

continued*

870'

Appendix:

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(Mo. 58.)

Report from the Select Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—

■d.

f]' Mdii, anJ three, before these witnesses, Thomas Wilson, of the Navy Pay Office, London, Esquire,'and John Spottifwoode, junior, of Saekville-4Kmtinued. street-aforesaid; the place, date, witnesses names, and designation to " the execution hereof by the said Alexander Trotter, being inserted

by the said John Spottifwoode, junior.

Signed, sealed, and delivered* by the said Henry Lord Vifcbunt Melville (being first duly stamped> in the presence of us, WitaelVes thereto.

’ Thomas Pocknall,

Thomas'Matkens.

Signed, sealed, and delivered by the said Alexander Trotter (being lirft duly stamped) in the presence of us, Wit-nefleo thereto.

Thomas Wilson.

John Spottijvoode, junr.

Appendix (K.)

A"n EXTRACT from the Rooks of the Bank of England of all Drafts paid to the Order of Alexander Trotter, Esq. as Paymaster of the Navy Pay Office; dated in the Months of August, September, and October 1796.

1796. To Cacti, C s. d.

Aug. 1. 91 D. Dundas and Swaffield 5.000 — — 8.000 — —-

8 F. Pay (meaning Pay Branch) Navy (meaning Navy 3,000

\ Branch - 10,000

2. 1 L. J. Smith, Stamp Office -D* - 40.000 5,000 50.000

5- 11 F. Pay Branch - 3,000

95 D- Dundas and Swaffield 10,000 — —

8. 23+ L- Pay 2,000

Victualling r - - 78,000

85 D. Navy and Victualling ,202,000

9* 86 L. - 10,000

10. 15 F. - 5,000

n. *5 E- Pay Branch -Navy Branch 3,000 10,000

13* 186 E. 3,000 3,000 — —

239 E. Dundas and Svvaffield 25,000 — —

15- 63 D. - 5,000

,7* 3 0. 5,000

18. 189 E. Pay Branch - 3,000

243 L. Dundas and Swaffield 10,000

20. 90 E. - 5,000

176 L. - 20,000

*5- 95 L- - 6,000

70 D. Duridas and Swaffield 10,000 3,000

27. 17. L. - 6,000

30. 164 E. Pay Branch - 3,000

100 L. Dundas and Swaffield Balance c 10,000 561,000 -J 145.326 6 9 706.326 6 9

Stpt. 1. *5 F. Pav Branch - 7,000

48 E. b* - 1,000

3* L39 F. D« - 5,500

453 L- Whitby - 20,000 —* —

*. Pay Branch -Murray - 15.000 10.000

10! D. - 18,000

5- 78 F. Navy - 5,000

6. 103 E. Nnvy Branch 5,000

184 L. J. Smith, Stamp Office - 10,060

7- 61. E. Tay Branch - 3,000

17. D. Navy - 24,000 6,000 —

Bank of England, 7 i*ah May 1805. y

1796- £• '• d.

Sept. 8. 105 D. ...» - 40,000

i ’9-' 170 E. 20,000

• 5 10. 188 L. Dundas and Swaffield 5,000

12. 22 D. Dundas and Swaffield 5,000

&3 . Niivy - - - 23,000

13- 232 E., - 3,000

265 L. J. Smith, Stamp Office - 5,000 -

: *; D\ - 5,000

86 F. Pay 3,000 ~ —

Navy - 6,000

.■ i5. 193 L. Dundas and Swaffield 15,000 1

■ 16.- 1 25 D. - 20,000 «-

j . 17: 236 E. Navy - 5,000

. . .. 158 F. D° - - 6,000

19, 93 D- Dundas and Swaffield 15,000

20. 125 E. Pay Branch - 5,000

• . , «98 L. Dundas and Swaffield 27,600

i 108 F. Navy - - - 6,000

108 F. D° - 10,000 — —

35 IE - 57.863 — —

1 30 D. Pay Branch - - - 50,000

i D° - 20,000

37 L. Victualling Brunch H>^5S 7 n

- * 70,000 — 8,000 —

! 24. 240 E. - 6,000 — —

272 L. Dundas and Swaffield 10,000

omd .20'. 55 F. Pay Branch - 5,000 — —

27. 204 L. - 5.000 — — 5.000

28. 40 D. -Dundas and Swaffield 5.000 5.000

113 F. Navy - - - 9,000 — —

30* 244 E. D* - - - 20,000

174 F. - 6,000

oa. Kf •igi E. D° - 10,006 ^— ‘7—

" Balance ! " 6j3o, Gii 7 11 55.606 13 4

£ 816,228 1 3

3- 130 D. Dundas and Swaffield 10,006 —*—

' 65 F. Pay 6,000

63 F. Navy 10,000

4- 47 L. D" - - 10/>00

5- 128 D. Navy and Victualling 33,000

178 F. Navy -* 20,000

6. 103 D. Dundas and Swaffield 40,000 5.000 5.000

103 D. - 25,000 —- —

7- 210 L. Navy - 10,000

8. 109 E. 1 1 1 ’ 0 Q 1 20,000

471>- - ! 1 O O O d cr

48 D. Dundas and Swaffield 15,000 — —

10. 183 F. Navy - 12, OOOO

72 F. Pay Branch - - -Navy Branch 20,000 10,000

13* 127 F. - 5,000

15- 127 L. Pay Branch - 5,000

Navy Branch 10,000 —

17- 76 F. y * 1 1 10,000

19. 128 E. * 0 b 0 0 1 1

60 L. Dundas and Swaffield 5,000 —

21. 112 D. - 40,000 —

124 F. Navy - 7,000

22. 220 L. Dundas and Swaffield 5,oo°;

*4- 144 F. Pay - •’ 7,000 — —»

63 D. J. Smith, Stamp Office - 12,000 —

*7* 145 IE Dundas and Swaffield 5,000 — —

202 F. - - _ , 3,000

29. 116 D. Dundas and Swaffield 5,000 *-

31* 148 Dt - ... 5,000 — —

c Balance £ 415,000 — 192.076 u 7 607.076 11 7

A. Ncivland.

Melville. Q

Alex. Trotter. Q

Nl

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

871

Report from the Select Committee on Tenth lteport of Naval Enquiry—continued.

No. 7.

Appendix (L.)

- - - - 14th April 1805.

ACCOUNT of Money, dec. Received and Paid by the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, on the Head of a VICTUAL LIN G,* from the id to the 14th April 1805; Viz.

1S05. April - 4th. To Balance of Account, dated 31ft March 1805 Received at His Majesty's Exchequer, by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England ----- £ '■ d. 148,442 4 j 1805. April 14 th. By paid Perfert Bills, &c. - - - Balance - - - £ *• d. >43,771 7 132,413 >5 5|

81,108 10 8 £ 276,185 2 7!

D*- - ntli. Da- - 131k. Received by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England - Received by - - Ditto - Received for Old Stores - 21,965 a 4 18,856 4 2 5,^13 — 9 Remaining, In the hands of the Right honourable George Canning ----- 96,902 7 8 35,5i 1 7

£ 276,185 2 7] £ 132,413 15 5

Appendix (M.) RECEIPTS and PAYMENTS between the ift and 31ft January 1798; The R' lien. HENRY DUN DAS, Treasurer. ' s

Dr

Append! (No. 58. 27*

continued.

98.

- - ». - - 0.

- 12. 23. - 26.

• 31

To Balance of Account, dated 31 Deer 1797

To Received to pay the Yards

To do. - to pay Ships and carry on Recals

To do. ----- Do. - - - -----Do.

To do. - -----Do. — - - £. 2^,000 o

A Transfer to the Virtual* Branch, to replace the like sum transferred from thence to \\ iges in March 1707 - 8,995 13

From the Collertorof the Customs, Padftow, for County Bounty -

To - do. - of the Dr Rccr Gen1 Weft

III. 130 1*2 o

HI. 1,006 15 11

10 - uo. - 01 uie if' ivee vjc

r>' ir /v 1 i Art 3d Geo. Rid*of\ork|Ad 0cQ>

| To - do. - of the Treasurer Weft Division, County of Dorset ——

£ *• A

15»,389 «o 4J

l8(J,011-----

70,000 ——

10,000 -

11,004 6 6

77-----

1,206 7 11 221 2 8

432,909 7

By Paid Ships -Yards -

Ilalf-Pay -

Bounty to Chaplains

Balance, 31ft Jan^ 1798 - £.

£ '■ d.

143,365 14 ll-

45,108 16 —

1,033 3 3

1*9,507 13 i°l

243,401 13 7

432,909 7 5|

Balances remain as follows:

£ d.

1,816 12 loj

37 >3 5

44,217 6 ii

1,660 5 6i

103 5 —

22,871 2 ~~z

>3 2 —

45,800 — —

17,817 18 8

396 18 8.J

12,178 16 4

53,5o — —

1,699 8 10J

678 4 —

47,*35 1 nl

68,684 4-I

m m m

18,214 17 4i 65,67816 4

2,377 12 10J

28,000 -

12,611-----

H3,4°* 13 7

Wages.

D# - paid to personated Seamen.

Yards.

Half-Pay.

Bounty to Chaplains

- - In° Swatfield, Paymaster’s Balance. Wages.

D° - paid to personated Seamen.

Yards.

- - Messrs. In° Swaflfield, Junr. and WM

Taylor, at Portsmouth.

Wages.

Yards.

- - Messrs. Joseph Swaflield and George

Forfter, at Plymouth.

Wages.

Yards.

- - Messrs. In° Slade and In° Fennell, at

Chatham and Sheerness.

Wages.

Half-Pay.

- John Davies, Cashier of Allotments in Town.

Mr. Adam Jellicoe, deceased, Bal. deficient. TreasureFs Balance.

V01.60.

10 N

7»* Snqfield,

872

Appendix.'

A. 1805.

Appendix, (No. 58.) 27* Maiiy continued.

Report from the Select Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—continued.

Appendix (N.)

Treasury Minute; respecting Paymaster and Treasury of the Navy.

Friday, 3d March 1797.

A Receipt having been delivered into this office from under the hand of Alexander Trotter, Esquire, the Paymaster of the Navy, for the Sum of £.48,995. 13#. 6d. for the following Services relating to this department; viz.

In full of a memorial for £. 70,000. to pay Bills of

Exchange, &c. - - - * - - 35»000 -

In further part of a memorial for £. 150,000, to pay Provisions and Victualling Stores - - 13,995 *3 6

£48,995 13 6

and other ViChi&lting Services of a more pressing nature than Bills of Exchange, requiring the appropriation of the sum of £. 35,000, before-mentioned:

Write to the Treasurer of the Navy, and request he will be pleased to cause the said sum of £.35,000. to be applied to the payment of Victualling Services in lieu of Bills of Exchange.

The Paymaster of the Navy - having also requeued, that £.8,995. *3*- M. may be taken from the Money which has been granted as above Rated, and applied to the payment of Seamens* Wages, for which it is much wanted, thereby leaving only £.40,000. for this department:

Write to the Treasurer of the Navy, and desire he will pay over the said sum to the Deputy Paymaster, for the Service proposed.

(Copy.)

Navy Office, 4th March 1797.

Gentlemen*

The Treasurer of the Navy having certified the sum of £.80,000. being received for Naval Services, which it is intended shall be equally divided between the Navy and Victualling, and as by his certificate to you (expressed as under) it appears that the f\im of £. 8,995. 13*. 6d. will exceed the Moiety allotted for your department; viz.

4 £• *. d.

Received for Victualling Bdls of Exchange - 35,000-----

Received for Vi&udlling Stores

Moiety of the sum received

Excels of Moiety

- 13,995 13 6

48,995 13 6

- 40,000 o 0

£■ *.995 13 6

We desire you will write to the Treasurer of the Navy, to cause the said sum of £.8,995. 131. 6d. to be paid over from the Cashier of the Victualling to the Paymaster of the Navy, on the head of Wages."

Wo art, Gentlemen,

Your humble Servants,

(Copy.)

Commissioners Victuallins.

Appendix (O.)

Applicable Balances in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy

the

Day of

C. Hope.

G. Robert.

U\ Bellingham.

180

HEADS OF SERVICE.

Navy

Victualling -

"Ninety-Day Date Bills Bills of Exchange Flag-Pay, Bounty, &c. Pilotage Pensions Salary

To clear Imprefts -

•Marines

Chest at Chatham -Old Stores -Exchequer Fees

"Ninety-Day Date Bills Victualling Sendees Bills of Exchange Necessary Money -Old Stores - . -

Yards -

Sick and Hurt -

Transports -

✓-Medicines at Home j Medicines Abroad J Prisoners of War - -

V. Britishi Prisoners in France -

f* Ninety-Day Date Bills -I Bills of Exchange -I Transport Service -

) Prisoners of War at Home, Ninety-Day Bills Ditto - - - Abroad - - - Ditto Prisoners of War at Home

- - Ditto - - Abroad -

✓ Wages

x* r> T) 1 ^arcl3

Navy Pay Branch •

1 Half-Pay

v. Bounty

Balances.

Received.

Tptal.

Assigned.

i. -

Remaining.

r

I..

45 Geo. III.

Appendix/

873

Report from the Select Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—continued.

Appendix (P.)

Letter from the Commissioners of Victualling, introducing Three Accounts of Victualling Bills which became due in 1796> 1797> and *798, &c.

. * . , .. 4 Victualling Office, 20th May 1805.

In return to two Precepts from the Select Committee of the Honourable House of Commons, on the Tenth "Report of Naval Enquiry, dated the 10th and 17th i lift ant: j

The Commissioners for Victualling'His Majesty's Navy beg leave to tranlinit herewith, " Three Accounts of Victualling Bills, which 44 became due in the years 1796, 1797, and 1798; t>ut which were *4 not paid on the days they respectively became due, on account of 44 their not being assigned for want of Money; shewing the amount of 44 each Bill; the day on which it was due, the day on which it appears Money was received for its Payment, and the day on which 44 the Alignments for Payment took place/'

Independently of the Bills specified in these Accounts, various other Bills, which became due in the same year, were prevented from being assigned for payment on the days they respectively became due; not from want of money, but from irregularities in the Vouchers to which they related; from eircurostances requiring particular investigation; from indispensable forms of office, and from other causes rendering delay unavoidable.—An Account of these last mentioned Bills is in preparation, but, owing to its magnitude, will require considerable time before it can be completed.

John Marsh. G. P. Towry. C. Cunningham. IV, Bofcavcn.

R. S. Moody* John Harrison•

IV. Budge.

Appendix (P. 1.)

Victualling Office, 2otli May 1805. As ACCOUNT of VICTUALLING BILLS which became due in the year 1796, but which were not paid on the days they respectively became due, on account of their not being assigned for want of Money; shewing the Amount of each Bill; the day on which it was due, the day on which it appears Money was received for its Payment, and the day on which the Assignments for Payment took place.

♦ , noimt of Bills. When Due.

£. s. 1796.

vm 7 3 June.

4 May.

318 6 4 5 —

400 — —— 4

S'2 6 — 2 —

69 10 —

3 —

21 IO —

IOO 1 11 5 —

21 6 2 —

13 IO — 5 —

* 17 " 6

6 12 — ,

3 10 13 — 12 12 — 96 — 3

10 r8 — 4 May*

217 10 —

31 3 —

23 8-

3 3- 5 "

*3>84* 17 5 5 June.

200 24 November

9 15 * 2 October.

Money Received.

6 June.

7 May.

Assigned for Payment.

9 June. 10 May.

17 12 t>

54 13 — 131 10 —

35-----

52-----

44-----

10 12 — So 6 3

13 1° — 5 16 — lo 10 — 15 8 — 83 6 8

70 7

44 16 —

70-----

60-----

28 4

6 June.

10 December. 5 October.

8 June.

12 December. 7 October.

3 —

4 —

Appendix (P. 1.)—continued.

Amount of Bills. When Due. Money Received.

£. i. d. 1796.

14 2 4 1 October.

40 5 2 22 9 9 34 10 — n

36 6 -

12 2 8 70 4 —

106 8 17 10 3 — 5 October.

1,000 1 —

500 3 —

332 6 9 188 18 1 304 18 8 8191 4 ~ 24. December.

37 * 6 04 12 11 20 18 — 35 n — 120 216 8 — 23 8 — ‘13'December,

85 1 7 15 —

297 6 4 18 —

15 6 ’ 17 —

163 12 6 18 —

27 1 2 9 13 4 17 —

15 15 4 15 —

67 10 — 17 —

5 — 7 5 — »4 10 — 15 "

Si 7 64 14 — 23 6 8 17 —

144 15 —

7° 17 —

320 6 1 14 —

10 5 5 17 —

51 11 8

38 4 — 15 —

80 H —

165 8 —

68 2 10 76 13 — 83 a 3 17

7 >5 6 18 — 24

94 11 10 495 17 "

288 11 15 —

195 18 — 707 15 8 18 —

58 10 8 8 — 10 —

9 7 7 —

31 5- 11 — 24 —

8 5 — 10 —

101 15 4 20 24 —

S84 8 4 >7 8 - IQ —

11 '3 4

63 12 — 21 —

19 15 — 25 14 3 19 —

1,000 — 21 —

1,000 —. *

5«o 11 *—

15 15 — 19 —

37 * 9 18 —

2.500 2,000 —■ — 1.500 — — 1,200 qoo

‘851 6 —

300

1,100 700

16 7 9

747 9 3 22 — (

105 71 !• 9 15 —

23 16 8 18 —.

19 16 — ’

7o 4 8 17 —

57 10 —

70 15 — a4 —

12 2 8 17 —

26 11 — 14;

26 6 — 1 I

Assigned for Payment.

Appendix, (No. 53.) 2 70 Maii,

continued*

7 October.

26 December,

2d —

12 —

26 —

12 —

id

2<S -

874

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix, (No. 58.) 27* Mali) continued.

Report from the SeleA Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—continued.

Appendix (P. 1.)—continued.

Amount of Bills. When Due. Money Received. Aligned for Payment.

£. s. d. 1790:

140 22 December.

44 9 -148 11 t 204 1 3 129 1 3 9 —

10 10 — if> —

26 12 — *3 . - _ 20 —

7 2 0 19 —

22 21 —

655 10 — 18 —

68 6 8 21 —

2,398 11 2 7 — 10 December. 12 December.

60 — — 22 — 24 — 26 —

20 3 4 January. c 8. 5. 3. 24 Dec.? }12. 1.0. 12 Jan. S 12 January.

239 16 9I 72 — 115 17 December. 24 December. 26 December.

210 11 10 11 January. * 12 January. 12 January.

John Mar/h. G. P. Toicry. C. Cunningham. IV. Bufccrwcn.

R. S, bloody. W. Budge, John Harrison.

Appendix (P. 2.)—continued.

Appendix (P. 2.)

Victualling Office, 20th May 1805. An ACCOUNT of VICTUALLING BILLS which became due in the year 1797, but which were not paid on the days they respectively became due, on account of their not being assigned for want of Money; shewing the amount of each Bill; the day on which it was due, the day on which it appears Money was received for its Payment, and the day on which the Alignments for Payment took place.

Amount of Bills.

Aligned for Payment.

13 January. 25 February.

Amount of Bills. When Due. Money Received. Assigned for Payment.

£. s. d. 1797s 1 1797: 1797:

67 7 9 22 February. 1

27 12 — 107 8 1 23 — i

32 19 9

8 14 — 22 — i •

244 19 —

56 31 20 — j

21 5 — 34 8 21 — !

29 2 5 16 2 8

29 4 — 32 10 4 72 1 8 22 —

57 10 — 14 — •

38 16 —;

ISO; 12 — j

1,051 10 — 22 j

966 12 — j

8 18 6 15

12 13 _;

12 15 — j

24 16 — j

85 3 2 89 18 2 23 — 1

49 <5 4 2-2 — j

4.791 — * 20 j

2,826 2 3 1,23812 — 4 March. 1 10 March. .11 March.

276 1 5 5,5381211

677 9 8 270 15 2 4 February. J 25 February. 25 February.

4,203 18 8

673 410 *5 — 766 4 — 9 March. 10 March. 11 March.

5,982 4 —

61 1 4 66 1 6 19 February. 45 February. 25 February.

10 23 — j

22 22 —

12 — *— 23 —

M 22 —

100 23 — 25

1,000 18 — 25 —

372 17 —

29 6 — 48 12 — 18 12 4 it —

20

10 13 8 63 37 *2 6 19 —

33 I. 9 8 17 4 3716 —

17 5- 21 16 —

21 16 — 20 —

12 15 — 12 12 — 19 —

1,245 9 — 12 —

1,470 18 —

500 16 —

473 7 14 —

»33 0 8 16 —

86 18 9 2» 3 6

0 O 1 i 1 1

41 18 1 150 6 8

75 36 34 2 6 18 —

20 2 2

42 19 6

32 9 — 19 15 — 55 12 4 50 3 4 H 13 — 19 — I "\

149 6 8

*7 12 — | 66 14 6

! 77 —- 20 —

1 103 — 19 —

1 14 4

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix

875

Report from the Select Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—continued.

Appendix (P. 2.)—continued. Appendix (P. 2continued.

Amount of Bills. When Due. Money Received. A digued for Payment. Amount of Bills. When Due. Money Received. Aligned for Payment.

£. J. •797: 1797: >797 £• 1797: 1797: 1797:

74 >9 9 72 20 March. 22 April. 24 April.

51 9 — >3 17 21 March. 22 March.

206 f»4 8 —

10 10 — <JO

28 •1 — 7* 6 —

84 u 4 14 13 —

49 * — *8 5 7 - 7 April. 10 April.

*8 9 8 54 1* — 19 — 8 —

59 *5 — iti 3 —

150 14 8 8

2*5 3 6 19 February. 25 February. 25 February. 61 3 9

278 10 10 08 10 — 21 March. 22 March.

ao3 9 — 20 — 49 8 6 20 —

*3 7 *® 5 4 19 — 7 April. 8 April.

1,000 16 — 38 7 — 20 — 21 March. 22 March.

1.000 220 15 10

362 20 — 113 n 3

500 18 — 800

1,000 84 6 4

36 >5 — 19 — 8a 19 — 19 —

‘4 <5 7 37 ta 6

28 10 4 4° 5 —

20 20 — 8 18 6 14 —

210 9 3 56 14 — 20 —

S»* 6 — 440

12 19 — 10 3 8

*>354 5 — 11 March. 21 March. I 22 March. 37 16 —

1,999 10 i 106

360 a6 20 March. 21 March. 22 March.

,68 12 — 37 >6 — 19 — 7 April. . 8 April.

292 67 10 3 21 —

70 51 19 7 23 —

114 10 6 163 5 3 21 —

5-5 5 10 *43 *5 4

*°3 7 7 14 — 563 *9 5

411 6 15 — 30 *9 a 23 — - - - 10 —

74 1 8 12 —- 7 April. 10 April. 3* 3 6 25 —

19 5 - 21 March. I 22 March. 18a a 6

120 8 — 23 4 6

78 18 9 *5 23 — 22 — 24 —

109 4 3 3# »® — 25 — 7 — 8 —

42 >3 — >4 »-

18 13 1 - 7 April. 8 April. 16 9 —

27 10 — >4 — ia 15 —

53 »9 — 12 — 21 March. 22 March. 50 22 — - \& —

7 10 — *4 *3 4 23 —

37 *• — *5 >9 9 22 —

4 1 — *3 — 7 April. 8 April. 168 10 8 21 —

27 12 6 15 — 83 *3 3

1,105 10 — 12 — 21 March. 22 March. 54 * 5 25 —

194 3 10 *3 — 7 April. 1 10 April. 35 *o — - 8 —

12 17 1 * " 21 March. 22 March. *7* *5 —

309 $ 3 - 7 April. 10 April. 93 6 8 26 —

60 — *— - - - - 8 — 60 4 6 ... 10 —

83 9 1 13 March. 21 March. J 22 March. 89 6 — 27 March.

94 — 14 — ,5 - 8 c-

6 10 — 15 — 7 April. 10 April. 4 16 — - - 10 April.

2,000 12 — 7 —; 8 — 23 8 — - - 8 —

190 2 6 i >3 — 10 — 53 *0 8 - - 10 —

85 t8 C H — 21 March. 22 March. 1,978 8 6 26 — 22 — 24 —

99-4 16 — 7 April. f 8 April. 500 27 — 7 — 8 —

’3 >7 ~ 400

63 14 — 15 — . - - I 10 — 500 10 a 28 —

10 10 16 — - - - 8 — 36 *5 — 2 April.

15 12 — 28 February. 10 March. j 11 March. 39 *3 6 23 March.

20 to 10 — 25 —

23 9 — 1 March. 2! — , 22 — 13 23 —

75 2 — 10 — 11 — 106 21 —

71 18 — 5 — 500 29 —

826 500

*4 3 9 500

5* 26 12 10 1 April.

21 2 3 6 — 4 16 —

39 »3 6 12 — 21 — j 22 — 2,061 17 2 4 —

39 13 6 472 13 6 2 —

39 >3 t> 85 18 6 3 —

39 *3 6 8 17 2 4 ~ - 20 —

IO 11 March. 7 April. | 8 April. 26 9 — 3 — - 10 —

97 1 6 - 21 March. \ 22 March. 41 8 4

16 16 — 12 — 859 * 4 2 — - 8 —

5* 28 February. 10 — 11 — 701 11 7

12 13 March. 7 April. 8 April. 10 10 —

20 4 10 - - I 10 — 33 *1 4 2 — 7 — 8 —

13 4* 5- 3 — - 10 —

21 1,237 10 — 4 — - n —

300 11 May. 12 May. ! 15 May. 37* 5 — 3 — 22 — 24 —

594 3 4 5.165 7 6 6 — 7 " 8 —

250 1,103 2 a

326 3,066 19 9

144 21 March. 7 April, j 8 April. 567 8 8

Voim 60a 10 O 1

Appendix, (No. 58.) 27* Maii,

continued.

876

Appendix

A. 1805

Appendix, (No. 58.) 27* M

continued.

Report from the Sele& Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry.—

Appendix (P. 2.)—continued,

Amount of Bills. When Due.

£. s. d. mi-

500

6_- 5 April.

18 4 — 28 March.

13 29 —

61 4 — 5 April

79 7 — 6 -h

30 2 — 29 March.

7 1 8 30 —

15 12 6 1 April.

7 — 5 —

97 16 5 4 —

6g 19 n 11 —

16 9 — 15 —

6 5 —

39° 11 3

588 15 —

114 11 4

,85

12 11 —

17 10 — 1G —

1,000 15 —

393 1 ~ 19 —

5 13 6 20 —

69 — 9

40 — 6 18 —

'3 5* 6 —

3» 7 ~ 19 —

76 8 it > 16 —

17 8- - 20 —

648 19 - - 30 —

*21 3 ‘ 1 39 —

54 2 - - 3° —

29 8 ' 7 29 —

80 15 9

181 6 8

18 611

joo-----

12 12 1

15 4

291 14 1

28 4 8

28 4 8

86 2

H

14 2

76 8 5

16 7 8

19 15 —-

162 10 —~

5 5

65 3 11

ill 11

130 18 —

21 16 6

144 — —

195 15 —

29 —

103-----

22 3 8

H 2 4

6-----

16 14 7 1 5 •—

14 2 4

30 —

19 15 — 1 May.

12 52 11 — *9 H 7 14 10 8 9 18 — 78 8 8 110 17 April. 29 — 3 —

700 2 May. 12 —

5oo 29 ApiiU

27 12 — - 20 —

121 7 9 - - - 3 —

1112 9 81 17 — ‘•*3 >3 8 27 10 5 71 13 19 3 1 2:H »5 5 6il It) 1 — 2 May. 3 — 12 —

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix

877

Report from the Select Committee on Tenth Report of Naval Enquiry—continued.

Appendix (P. 2.)—continued.

Amount of Bills. When Due. Money Received. Assigned for Payment.

£. M. d. •797: 1797: <797

106 4'7 *5 10 43 >3 3 7 _ 2196 S n 9 612 — 3 3 59 5 4 10 August. 11 August. 12 August.

John Marsh. G. P. Town/. C. Cunningham. W. Bofcawen.

li. S. Moody. John Harrifun. W. Budge.

Amount of Pills.

When Due.

£• s. d.

53 4 3

loo-----

3i* 4 " 59 id —

lO ‘2 1

44

44

*4

4

o 6

iuj 3 G 104 —

50

2.;

3 3

3 8

30 12 — 65 4 6

2\ 3 G

43 10 5

Goo — — 4 10 —

3-----

10 10 —

1.000 -

1.000 -

1.000 -

1,636 8 4

300-----

10 10 —

1,650-----

2,500-----

1798:

8 April.

19 —

*6$ ft’ 7

{ib$. 1. 5. *28 —

23 — 23 —

29 —

Money Received.

Assigned for Payment.

uo April.

*20 April and 5 May.

5 —

30 —

30 —

25 —

26 —

30 —

5 May.

1798: 21 April.

7 May.

8 —

Appendix (P. 3.)—continued.

Appendix (P. 3.)

Victualling Office, 20th May 1805.

An ACCOUNT of Victualling Bills which became due in the year 1798, hut which were not Paid on the days they respectively became due, on account of their not being Assigned for want of Money; shewing the Amount ot each Bill; the day 011 which it was due; the day on which it appears Money was received for its Payment; and the day on which the Alignments for Payment took place.

Amount of Bills. When Due. Money Received.

£. s. d. 1798: 1798:

500 7 May.

500 500 1,620 5 —

500 7 ~

500 5 —

500 500 500 500 1,000 7 —

500 1,000 5 —

1.000 4.000 7 —

500 5oo 7 ~ CO t5* J?

500 5 ~

5°o 7 —

500 —.— 500 5«>o 500 1,000 5 —

1,000 7 —

4.000 1.000 1.000 1.000 4.000 2.000 57 5 —

8 14 - 42 10 — 37 12 6 49 13 1 23 13 11 42 14 2 6 —

84 5 3 8 2 —

116 4 3 85 18 6 60 11 8 22 18 6 3° 5 — 29 7 10 79 9 7

118 9 — 2,000 32 4 6 7 —

Q4 11 6 96 4 10 89 7 10 113 16 6 7 19 8 5 —

16 15 — l# 2,283 8 7 6 —

Appendix, (No. 58.) 27* Man,

continued.

Assigned for 1 j

Payment.

1798:

9 May*

John Marsh. G.P. Tovry. C. Cunningham. W. Bofcaxven. R. S. Moody. J. Harrison.

IF. Budge.

RETURN to an Order of the House, of the 6th May 1805 for

An ACCOUNT of all PUBLIC REVENUE which has arisen to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; from the Territorial Dependencies thereof, since the id of January 1801as far as the fame can be ascertained.

Appendix,

(No. 59.) 27° Maii.

' NO such Public Revenue has arisen to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, since the ill of January 1801.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers 47th May 1805.

W. Hujki

878

Appendix

A. 1805

Appendix,

(No. 60.)

31° Mail.

REPORT from the COMMITTEE to whom live several Petitions which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, praying Relief from the Effects of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, M An Act to regulate the Imports " tion and Exportation of Corn, and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon/* were referred*

The COMMITTEE, to whom the several Petitions which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, praying Relief from the Effects of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act to regulate the " Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Bounties and " Duties payable thereon/* are referred; to examine the Matters thereof; and to report the fame* as they shall appear to them, to the House:

Have, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined the several Matters and Allegations referred to them, and agreed upon the following Report:—

I. That it appears that the Petitions referred to the consideration of the Committee, complain generally against the effects of the Ad 44 Geo. III. c. 109.

II. That the Petitions presented from various places in England complain—First, Of the advanced Rates at which Importation and Exportation are fixed:—Secondly, Of such part of an Act, made in the 31ft year of His present Majesty, as relates to imposing additional Duties on Foreign Corn warehoused in Great Britain, and taken out for Home Consumption;—and, Thirdly, That, certain Petitioners complain of the Alteration that has taken place by the Act of the 44th of His present Majesty, in the mode of ascertaining the Average Prices which regulate the Importation and Exportation of Grain.

III. That the Petitions from various places in Scotland, in addition to the above-mentioned objections, complain—First, That the rates at which the Exportation and Importation of Foreign Grain is permitted, are fixed by the average prices of the four Maritime Districts of Scotland, and not by the average prices of the sixteen Maritime

Districts of Great Britain, and, that in consequence of such separation of England and Scotland, the ports of Scotland have been (hat to Importation, while the market price of Grain has been much higher in many populous places in the western parts of Scotland than th» importation price; and also, that circumstances may arise, by which the free tTanfmission of Grain from one part of Great Britain to another will be prevented :—Secondly, That the ports for the importation of Grain from the British Colonies in America are only open for three months at a time, which the Petitioners contend is not long enough to obtain a supply from thence;—and, Thirdly, that Inih Grain is withheld from the Scotch market until the price advances nearly to that rate at which Foreign Grain may be imported at the lowed Duties.

Your Committee beg leave to date, That, after due deliberation, they have not thought themselves authorized, under the Order of the House constituting them a Committee, to enter upon any general invelligation of the Corn Laws, or to examine such speculative opinions, however respedable, as may be contained in the Petitions referred to them; but have felt it their duty to confine themselves to evils complained of as actually existing, without extending their enquiries to the general tendency of such provisions and regulations upon the subject as the Legislature, in its wisdom, from time to time, has thought proper to enact.

Under this impression, Your Committee have proceeded to examine Documents, and hear Evidence, in support of the various allegations above enumerated; the Minutes of which Evidence, and Documents, they beg leave to annex in an Appendix to this Report, N0s 1, 2, 3, 4>and 5*

EXAMINATIONS of

Appendix, N°l.—Joseph Dixon, Esq. p. S78.

Joseph Stonard, Esq. ^ld.

Samuel Scott, Esq. (a Member) - * - - - - . $79.

Peter Giles, Esq. ......

AViliiam Macdowall, Esq. (a Member) ibid*

Sir John Newport, Baronet a (Member) ......

N® <2.—Weekly and Monthly Average Prices of Wheat, &c. in England and Scotland; from the lft of October

1803; &c ...... ibid.

N° 3.—Average Prices of Grain per Quarter, for periods of Six Weeks, in the Four Districts of Scotland - 885.

V 4.—Wheat Exported or Re-exported from the Ports of Great Britain, since the 15th November 1804 - ibid-

N° 5.—Wheat Exported or Re-exported from the Ports of Great Britain, since the 15th November 1804; distin-

guishing Wheat of the Growth of Ireland, from Wheat of Foreign Growth, &c. - - - ibid.

Appendix, N° 1. MINUTES OF EVIDENCE.

Joits, 16° dit Maij9 1805.

Examination of Joseph Dixon, Esquire, a Corn Factor:— Has been in that situation Ten Years in Partntrship with George Dyson.

HAVE you been resident during that time in London?—Yes.

Have you formed any opinion as to the effects of the Corn Ad of last Session, as to prices in London ?—’Hie immediate consequence of the Ad passing w as an advance in the prices.

Do you conceive any part of that effect was produced by the rumour of such Act, previous to its passing into a Law ?—I do; the price began to advance during the time the Act was in agitation.

When you say price, do you allude to Wheat, or to Grain in general ?—To Wheat only; it had no material effect upon any other Grain.

If the price of Wheat rises considerably, has it not a tendency to raise the prices of the oilier forts of Grain ?—I have reason to think that it has.

State the facts on which you ground your opinion, that Wheat rose in price upon the general rumour of the Act of last Session ?— Wheat vole in consequence of the advance of the limits of the price of Importation and Exportation.

When you speakuf the riling price during the passing of the Act, do you know of no other caules of the riles ?—1 know of no other canfes, except in allusion to the general blight, and which was not known till a few weeks before Harvest.

Do you not know that the blight took place in the month of June ? —I do not.

Do yon not know that in the first week of July it was notorious in London that the Wheat Harvest was likely to be defective ?—I cannot call that to my reeolle&ion.

Do you remember the period at which the Bill then before the House of Commons had first an effect on the prices of Grain in Mark-

Lane ?—All prices of Wheat in Mark-Lane began to advance about the beginning of July.

In advising your Correspondents in the Corn Counties of such advance in price, did you, in your circular letters, ascribe it to the Bill then in the House of Commons ?—I never did myself.

Did you ascribe it to any other given cause?—I do not recollect.

Would not the price have risen although the Ad had not passed? —I do not ascribe the high prices which we have witnessed since Harvest to the effect of the Bill, but to the general failure of the lall year’s crop.

Examination of Joseph Stonard, Esquire, Com Factor :—

Have been so between thirty and forty years—our connexions are chiefly in the Home Trade, but have some Foreign connections.

Do you remember, that, during the last Session of Parliament, an Act passed for the Regulation of the Corn Trade ?—I do.

Can you state to the Committee, whether such a measure, bein» under the consideration of the House of Commons, produced any tiled at that time upon the price of Grain in the London Market, and what that effect was ?—It certainly did produce an effect on the price of Grain, and I believe the price of Wheat advanced in the face of very large arrivals in the course of three or four weeks pending the consideration of the Bill, from eight to ten shillings per quarter, and Barley in some proportion, not to so great a degree; Oats also advanced in price, and had an efted upon the price of Com w general.

At the time such advance took effect in the price of Wheat, did any other apparent cause exist to which such additional Price could be ascribed ?—Not during the period now spoke of.

In advising your Correspondents in the Corn Counties of such

increase in the prices of Grain, did you state to them as your opinion,

and the prevailing opinion of Corn Dealers, that the then advance

m

45 Geo. TIL Appendix.

Report from Commktee on the Corn Trade—continued.

in prices was solely ascribable to the Bill alluded to, as it wa'fc'gene-Talk undt'tTtond by the trade, the object of that Bill was to mile the Scale of Prices by winch Exportation and Importation were to be regulated?—I was of opinion, and 1 believe it was the general opinion of pci luns on the Corn Exchange, that the Bill in question was likely to operate in the manner set forth in the quehion; but it is ulmolt an in\unable practice in onr House not to hazard conjectures in our advices to our Correspondents, but merely to coniine ouilelves in ^elating the fads.

Sute to the Committee the dates of the year at which those advances took place

[He gave in the billowing Statement:]

44 ad July - - W heat, fine - - - - 56 to 59

----- Barley - 27 - a3

44 9 - - - - W heat - Go - G4

----- Barley - 28 - 30

« 1(5 - - - - Wheat ----- GG - 03

...... Barley ...... 30 - 3*

44 ‘23 - Very larg* arrivals at fame prices.

44 30 - Arrivals Imailer, but the fame prices.

44 August 15 - Large arrivals, the fame prices.

44 - 13 - L.*rgc arrivals; but the weath*.r being unfa-

vourable, Wheat rose to 70, Bailey to 34.*

lie further said,

1 do apprehend that the advances from the ad of July to the Oth of August, were in confaquence of the lull then before the lloufe; that the subsequent advances arole from the uufa\Durable weather, and the apprehensions of a defective Ilarvelt.

Did you hear of any hligln in June to the Wheat?—No.

Did you hear, in the first week of July, of the W heat llarvVft being likely to be d* it olive ? — I recoiled ou the fecund Tuclduy in July, from the e\cdh\c cold mill, and from wlvat I heard atUrwauls of its lieing pietty general through England, I believe that to be the caute of the great defect in lire crop ol \\ heat.

W ould not that circuniliame, and the runfaqumt speculutiou which would naturally fallow in the trarfa, h i\ e ml),meed the price, independently of the Bo I moutUum ?— 1 am not aware ufanv tpeculatiun huung taken place immediately at that pi riod; hut I Ij.hc no doubt that the weather would h..ve la d an clicct upon the maiket m coiilc-tjm nee of the alarm rvlpeding the cnq>.

Has the prt lent d.fauufan occasioned any advance in the ptice ?— Not to iny know!* dge.

Do you believe that between the ad of July and the 13th of An nuh, any general opmion prevailed of a delective crop, in conic, qu. nee of the iirft cold ruins in July, to which you have alluded?— No, I do not.

Do you ihll remain of opinion, notwithstanding your own personal anticipation of the etfacts of those c*'Bt rains upon the crop, that the advance in price prior to the 13th of August was falcly attributable to the operation of the Bill ?—J beg leave to lav, it was not an anticipation; but I believe the advances from the ad of July to the 13U1 of August weic falcly occuf.uncd by the operation of the Bill.

Do you conceive that tb l'econd advance in price, about the 13th of August, which \ou have imputed to baduefs of teuton, would have riftn lo high as it did, it the Act ot last Sellum had not passed, nor ever been in agitation?—I cannot determine how far the badness of the feufon would have advanced the prices; but the Bill in question hud certainly raised the prices conitderabiy higher than they would other* ife have been at the time of the iirft advances ^ccaduned by the w et weather.

Do you believe that the price of W heat would have fallen in con-frquence of the great arrivals in July, if the Corn Bill of lull Stllion had not then been in agitation?—I do apprehend that in the month 01 July the prices would have been lower, if such a Bill Lad not then been in BaiUainent.

Hus the Bill, since it became an Act, and as such came into operation in November last, had any oM on the prices of Wheat ?— To the heft of my recollection the prices had advanced before that period so high as not to he atfacted by that Aift at all.

Have they continued fmee that period lo high ?—They have.

I)® you apprehend if the B.ll had never passed, the prices would be lower during that period?—1 have no rule by which to form a judgment; I am at a lots to form a judgment.

Can you hate whether any Corn was imported into Great Britain fmee the passing of that Bill, which could not have been imported as the Law flood before? —I believe not.

If aoo, oooo quarters of Coi n came from Ireland during that period which could not have come under the old Law, whether their Import was not owing to this Law r—If there has been such an Importation from Ireland, I am not aware of it.

Have the prices for regulating the Import into Great Britain been

uniformly above those at which Corn is import.ihle on the low Duties, ever since October last ?—I fafneve they have to a eonfafaralle degree.

Can the Law then, which regulates those prices, have any effect on preventing Imports?—Certainly not during that period.

Has any Corn been exported from Great Britain during that period?—I apprehend not.

Can a I^aw, regulating the price of Export, have hau any ificclon Export during that period ?—Certainly not.

Can the Bill which puffed last Session, having no eflWft upon Export or Import during that period, have tended to mile the price of Corn ?—-The prices of Corn having been uniformly above the operation of that Act, I conceive it can have had no cifaA on the prices.

Do you think that the advance of the rates, by which Importation, Exportation, and the Bounties on the Exportation of Grain, are regulated by the Corn Bill of lull year, tends to adcanoethe prices of Grain generally?—Certainly they do.-

As you have Hated that no Corn has been exported farce Oholer last, do you mean to Confine that answer to Coin of Britkh grow th, or do you assert generally, that no Exportation of Corn v. h.orvn has taken place from Great Britain?—I undoubtedly meant to coniine it to British Corn.

Did your Correspondents in the Country ever coin; b in that the low juice of Grain had ahead'*, or would in future, cbfaournge cultivation *ul home? - T! e Growers of Corn have at time a complain* d of the prices of Coin bung so low, as the Bates, Taxes, and Routs, had to much inrreased.

Was not the priccof C m, at the time of paflmgOie Act, confab*red to he too low to encourage the Fanner to rail'e Crain in corfafaiaide quantities ? — 1 believe the crops of the preceding I iarveft wire generally so good, that the Growers were pretty gene? Jh fatblLd as lo the price of \\ beat, but not as to other Gram.

When the puce of C rn fa so lo.v as to open the Ports far Exportation, dues not the fact of exporting immediately advance the pi ice of the Corn ?- It does.

The price-i of Exportation being higher than they were formerly, do y.'ii conceive it p-*flibl? lla.l the price of Coin in this Cuunliy can c:\er in future he lower than the pi dent Exportation liandard?—■ I t!:ink the pi ices may Ik* lower.

Would th*y lor any length of time be lower?—Yes; I think a suce* (lion of good crops w ould produce that eflect.

From your knowledge of the Corn Trade, are you of opinion, that, under the operation ol this Act, the confuniers of Bread are likely to pay more lor tin ir Bread than they paid under the operation of the late Act ?—I rnfar certain circumfhtnros they certainly would.

Do you rccoilefi inliunres wln-n the prfae-of \Vh*..t has he*n below the Export rate, aaid no demand for Exportation1 Luiiv.e such circumtlances have happened, but not of late years.

I)o(S it mot lollow that the price ot \\ heat, at the time when it fa exportable, depends upon the demand lor Exports?—Yes, wry lmu h so.

Veneris, 170 the Mail, 1803.

Examination of Samiv.u Scott, Esq. a Member of the Committee, and a Corn Factor relict*.at in London.

How long have you been acquainted with the Corn Trade?— Since 1788.

Is your connexion with the trade confined to the Home Market, or does it extend to that and also to Foreign Imports?—It is exlcniive 111 Huh, hut mot! to in the Foreign branch.

Do vou know what quantity of Wheat has been imported into Great Britain hnce the operation of the Act of the last Session, viz. the 15th of November last ?—I do not know the quantity, but I believe it bas not been very contiderable.

Do you apprehend any W heat has been imported f.nce that period, excepting from Ireland?—Yes; from dilierent Ports of the Baltic; also from Holland.

Can you state whether any, and what quantity, Lt3 been imported from Ii eland ?—Some certainly has; but the quantity I do not knowx

Do you know* whether Wheat has been usually imported, from Ireland to Great Britain, prior to the operation of the Corn Act, viz. the 15th of November salt?—Very frequently.

Were large quantities imported prior to that period?—In fame years there were.

Do you know whether Irish Wheat has been warehoused in Great Britain as Foreign Wheat, on its Importation?—Yes,* both in the Ports of London and at Liverpool.

Has Irish Wheat, so warehoused as Foreign Wheat, been re-exported to Spain, or other Foreign Countries, where the Markets piorniibd higher prices than such Irish Wheat could have obtained if fold for 10 P Iloine

Appcudiri, (X. Co.)

31° Mail,

C°M fa >;cd. v -

Appendix, (No. 60.) 31* Maii,

cojitinncd.

880

Appendix.

Report from Committee on the Corn Trade—continued.

Home Consumption ?—I know that Irish Wheat has been re-exported from the Port of London, and I believe also from Liverpool, under the provisions of the Com Act of 31ft Geo. III. and that higher prices were paid by the Exporters than the Wheat would have obtained ill any of the British Markets for Home consumption.

Could Wheat of the growth of Ireland have been so exported to Foreign parts, frnce the 15th of November lull, from any of the Ports in Ireland?- I believe not, but I can ascertain it upon a reference to letters from that country.

Is not Irish Wheat, under the present course of the trade, on its Importation into this country, denominated Foreign Wheat, and does it not thereby enjoy the advantage of re-exportation above what it could enjoy in Ireland, and also above what is enjoyed by any Wheat of the growth of Great Britain?—It is in all respects considered as Foreign Wheat, and under the fame regulations; and as Wheat may be exported from Ireland to Great Britain at a higher average than to any other country, it may be landed under the Kings Lock, and reexported to Foreign countries at times when no direct Exportation from Ireland to such Foreign countries could take place.

When you say it is in all respects considered as Foreign Wheat, do you mean to confine that expredion to the Regulations of Re-exportation, or to your general view of the subject ?—I mean respecting the prtfvision of export, and also as relates to the Warehouse Duty, upon its being taken from under the King's Lock, and afterwards entered for Horne Consumption.

Do you conceive the object: of the Importers of Irish Wheat, fmee November lad, to have been the British Market, or for Re-exportation? —Some of the earliest shipnients from Ireland were certainly with the view of benefiting by the great advance in the Home Markets, but I have reason to believe the shipments would not have been so extensive if there had not been an expectation of its meeting also a demand for F oreign Countries.

Do you believe the quality of such Wheat to have been such as would have made it faieable in "the British Market?—It would not have found a ready sale in the British Markets, except at the time of considerable scarcity, on account of its inferior quality.

Whether the blight which did so much injury to the Crops of Wheat in the southern and eastern counties of England, extended in any degree to Scotland ?—From the heft information I had from that country, it did not.

Whether very unusual quantities of Wheat and Flour have not arrived in the Port of London, from the Ports of Scotland, Berwick* wpon-Tweed, and other Northern Ports, but particularly from Scotland, fmcc last Harvcfl ?—There have been very constant and considerable iupplies of both during the months of November, December, January, February, and March.

W hether those largo quantities of WTheat and Flour have not been the chief cause of the reduced prices in London since November last ? —As the quantities from that country prove much beyond general expectation, and formed the chief arrival at the London Market during that period, they certainly have contributed very much to the decline.

Whether the transporting such large quantities of Wheat and Flour from Scotland to England Tas not occasioned the prices to be much higher in Scotland than otherwise they would have been?—The extraordinary demand for the South of England occasioned a considerable advance in the Scotch Markets.

Whether you conceive the Act of last Section has had any effect in raising the price of Wheat in the London Market?—On the intention of enacting such regulations, there was an inconsiderable advance in the prices, but I do not conceive that the Ad has at all contributed to the advance that took place last Autumn.

Must not the advance in Price in the London Market, from whatever cause, necessarily draw Grain to the London Market from Scotland, or any place where it was to be had?—Certainly, from every Market where the prices were fuflieiently low, to be an encouragement for fending there.

has there been any considerable Importation of other kinds of Grain chides Wheat, from Scotland into the Port of London?—The quantity of other Grain received from Scotland during the period mention'd, has fallen far short of what has been received at many other time*.

Was it not understood in the Corn Market to be the direct object of the Corn Bill to give to the holder of Grain a security for obtaining a price so much higher than the average of former prices, as amounted to the difference betwixt the former Scale of Prices, and the icale created by the Act of last Session?—It was understood to he the declared object of the Ad, to prevent the prices, in plentiful seasons, from tailing so low as they had done under the provisions of the old Lav.*.

Do you conceive it has had that effect?—The Ad, as yet, has never boon in operation; the prices of Grain since the passing of the

Ad, having, from Other causes, ruled much beyondvvhatlheincreiiej Icale would have produced.

1'hough the Act may have never been in operation us to effcal Importation or Exportation, do you not think that the advance in the Icale of price by which Importation and Exportation isreguEtd, and the new Icale of Bounties of the new Ad of last Selhon, mutt contribute permanently to keep up the price ol Grain higher than it

would have been, if no alteration in such feales had taken place r_

I conceive that the Ad will contribute to establish a higher general average than under the old Law.

Whether, in your own opinion, and in those with whom you have had an intercourse in the Corn Trade, the Icale ot prices in the hut Corn Ad that governs Exportation and Importation is not too hinh for the benefit of the Public ?— My own opinion, and the opinions of moll others with whom I have communicated, certainly are, that tl« scale of prices is too high.

On what grounds do you think the prices are too high?—As the Importation is governed by an aggregate average price of the Maritime Dillrids of England and Scotland respectively, it may often happen, in years of moderate scarcity, that prices much beyond those mentioned in the scale may exist in populous districts before the general average shall be raised to the rate allowing Importation, am] that the surplus of some districts contributing to keep down the general average, may not materially aid those in want; and, that the reverie of this operation in years of moderate plenty, may give opening to Exportation, and lay the foundation of lulsequent Importation that might not otherwise take place, thereby intioJucing into the country a quantity much greater than had been parted with.

Do you coiilider any material rife m price to have taken place in the Market previous to the knowledge of the blight ?—No material advance had taken place previous to the first rumours of an injury to the crop.

Did not the supply of Corn, derived from Ireland, contribute to keep down tiic prices in the British Market*?—Nearly the whole of the Wheat together (the quantity together not lang»). received at London being fold for Re exportation, it did not sensibly affect the Market.

Further Examination of Samuel Scott, Esquire.

Is Foreign Corn and Irish Corn, as such, permitted to beware-housed under the King's Lock in Great Britain, notwithstanding the consumption of it in Great Britain-is in a manner prohibited by the high Duty to which it is liable ?—Foreign and Irish Grain are at Jl times permitted to be warehoused under the Kings Lock, by tliepro-visions of the Act of 31 Geo. III.

Under what circumstances and regulations can such Corn 1* brought into the British Market for Home consumption ?—Whenever the Ports are open to the admission of Foreign Grain, the like lpH’-es of Grain may be taken from under the King’s Lock for consumption, upon payment of the Middle Duty in addition to the exiiLng Duty upon Importations direct.

Is Foreign Corn, which arrives at the fame timp, liable to the fame or greater duties, if offered lor Consumption in the Home Market ?—The Answer to that is inferred in the reply to the former Question.

When Foreign or Irish Corn has been landed under the King*? Lock, and afterwards re-exported, is it liable to the pa} meat of any Duty? —Not any.

Whether the Double Duties before specifird do not check theware-housing of Foreign Coin in Great Britain, and give a prciWnreto Holland and other Ports, as places of deposit?—It entirely precludes Great Britain from becoming a depot lor Foreign Gra’11.

Do you conceive it would be advantageous for Great Britain, and tend to increase the supply of Foreign Grain, if such Foreign C rain was relieved from the Double Duly?>—I llunk it wcVild tuid to encourage additional trade to Great Britain.

Do you think it would tend to encourage the agriculture of Great Britain ?—Certainly not encourage, nor, in my opinion, material]/ discourage it.

When any particular species of Grain is not exportable. fram Great Britain under the 7th section of Act 31 Geo. 1 IT. can foregu or Irish Grain, warehous'cd in Great Britain under the Kings Lock, be exported?—Foreign and Irish Grain, warehous'd in Great Britain under the King’s Lock, may, at all times, be re-exported, whether British Grain be exportable or not.

Point out the Law, or part of the Law, that allows such Export at such time?—By the 19th fest. of Act 31 Geo. HI.

Samuel Scott, Esquire, again examined.

Has the course of your trade led you to import Grain from America?—I have not imported any Grain directly from America, but I

kavt

Appendix,

Geo. III.

Report from Committee on the Corn Trade—continued.

- -Appendix, (No. 60.)

have had considerable transactions in American Grain and Flour, as Agent for the Merchant Importers in Great Britain.

Do you think the period of three months, for which the ports ore now open to American Importation, is lutficiently long?—The period is certainly too short for any material supply, provided it depended upon orders to America not sent out till the Ports are actually open.

What period would he sufficient ?—I think four months.

Is it not usual for the American Merchants to fend Grain and Flour to Europe on their own account, without waiting for orders from England?—The principal shipmenls from America are made by the Merchants on their own account, without a view to any, particular tnarket; the ships generally calling at Falmouth or Cork, for orders from their correspondents in England, to proceed to such market in Europe as may at the time of arrival offer the best encouragement, and to whom the cargoes in general being sent as returns to Britishi Merchants.

Are we not as likely to have American Grain as cheap under this system, as if it were the practice for the American Merchants to wait for orders from England?—I think quite as cheap; at the same time it must be considered, Great Britain is not the only market the Americans look to, and consequently it could only be occasionally that the prices in England would affect: the value of Grain in America, and also because it is usual, at particular seasons, for the Americans to ship on adventure, without, at the time, having any particular market in view.

Whether a greater extension than three months to the Import from America would not be injurious to the agriculture of the country ?—I think it would; because a sufficient supply for the wants of the country might be received from the Baltic and other nearer Ports, during the period at present allowed, and that a further extension might give opening to America to pour in during the remaining three months a supply no longer wanted, to the detriment of agriculture; and it would also, in my opinion, be an undue preference to admit any country to enjoy exclusively the advantages of the British markets.

If this extension were limited to the Britishi Colonies in America, could it have any pernicious e fie cl on the agriculture of Great Britain?—I think not, because the supply received from the Biitifli Colonies is seldom of much importance, and the quality not generally suited to the British markets.

Mart isy 21 * die Mali, 1805.

Examination of Peter Giles, Esq.

A Corn Factor, connected with the Foreign trade, resident in London, and has been so for 25 years.

Did the agitation of the question regarding a new Com Law last year, materially rail'e the price of Wheat and other Grain ?—It had an effect in July of railing it, both as to Wheat and Oats; I think Wheat advanced in July from 8s, to 10s. per quarter, but not wholly occasioned by the agitation of the Bill.

What other cauies?—The appearance of the crops on the ground not being very favourable.

When did you apprehend that the last crop might be defective ?— The report of the blight and mildew commenced the first week in Augnll.

When did that apprehension affect the price of grain ?— It began the first week in August, and continued to advance till the last week.

Do you attribute that fggond nfe entirely to the apprehension of a defective crop?—Entirely.

Has the new Act checked any Importation, or permitted any Exportation that would not otherwise have taken place ?—None.

Was the Importation of Grain checked during the agitation of the Act, by the withholding of orders to Foreign Countries, on account of the expected change of the rates of prices permitting the Importation of Grain ?—I think it was in some degree.

Do you think that the advance in the l'cale of price, by which Importation and Exportation is regulated, and also the advance in the Scale of Bounties of the Act of lull SeiTion, tends to raise the general price of Grain higher than it would be under the Scale of the Act of 1791 ?—Certainly.

What did you state to your Foreign correspondents, would proVably be the effect of the new Law ?—That it was likely to render Importation less frequent.

Do you consider the Scale of Prices in the new Act higher than necessary to entourage the Farmer to raise a sufficient quantity of Grain for Home consumption ?—I cannot give an answer to that question.

Do you think that this Country could feed itself, if cultivation was more extended and encouraged ?—In good seasons I think we should grow sufficient, and in bad seasons we certainly should want Importations; I speak of Wheat.

Do you think that the surplus of the good years, might be made

equal to the deficiency in the had years ?—It is an extensive question, ^ and should wish to decline giving an answer.

Do you think that there has been any larger quantity than usual continued• of Wheat, or other Grain, imported into this Country from Ireland, —v*

since July last ?—It has chiefly gone to Liverpool.

Has any such, coining to London from Ireland, been disposed of in the Home, market, or re-exported as Foreign Grain ?—Sonic has been disposed of in the Home market, some exported, and some remains now under the King’s Locks.

Can you state what price, in comparison with that of British growth, that quantity which has been disposed Of ill the Home market has brought?—It is a difficult question to answer.

Is Irish Wheat, in the present course of the trade, capable of being re-exported as Foreign Wheat?—It is permitted.

Has there mot been an unusual difference of quality in Wheat, tht produce of the last harvest r—Certainly.

What is the greaieft diffeience in price yon recollect in Wheat, the growth of last harvest, on the fame day ?—The best Whfeat has foki for double the price of the inferior Wheat,

Is Foreign Grain permitted to be warehoused in Great Britain when the Ports are Unit from Importation?—Yes, under the King's Lock.

Is such Grain, so under the King's Lock, permitted to be consumed in Great Britain, when the Ports are open for Importation?—It is permitted to be Conlumed on paying the Middle Duty and the existin’g Duty.

Is not such Grain, so permitted to be consumed, buuhened with a higher Duty than Grain arriving at that time?—Yes; by a Duty father exceeding 3*. per quarter.

What other disadvantage arises, over and above such advance of price ?—It fends the trade to Holland in preference to Great Britain, on account of the duty imposed by the warehdufing Clanfe.

Should, then, the Duty under the Warehousing Clause be repealed, would not a quantity of Grain be at all times deposited in the ports of Great Britain, which might he applied to the wants of Great Britain in case of failure of crops, or be exported to any part of the woild where a demand should arile ?—Certainly.

Would not such trade be advantageous to Great Britain, in as much as it would afford employment, pay warehouse rent, and employ our shipping?—Certainly highly advantageous.

Do you consider the Duties payable on warehhufing Grain, as tending generally to discourage Importation, and thereby keep up the price?—Certainly.

In the course of yotrr business, have you found any inconvenience from British Ports being open to American Importations for only three months at a time ?—Wo have no connections in America; it certainly is too ftiort a period.

Are you aware of any inconvenience that would attend the alteration of that period from three to six months?—I think it would rather tend to prevent the Importation from the Continent, if the period limited for the Baltic was only three months, and America lix months.

Juvisj 230 die Maiij 1805. * '

Examination of William Macdowall, Esquire,a Member of the Committee.

What effect do you conceive the Corn Act of last Session to have produced in Scotland ?—It has diminished the supply, and increased the price of every species of Grain, particularly in the weft of Scotland. By the Act of 1791, Scotland, as well as England, was divided into dilt rifts, and the Importation and Exportation of Grain were regulated by the aggregate average of the prices of the counties forming each District: The 15th district established by that Act, contains above 336,500 Inhabitants principally employed in Commerce, Ma-nufaftories, and the Fisheries, and the Grain produced in it could notf in a plentiful year supply them with food for six months, nor in a common year lor four months, but from the high prices that have uniformly existed in this district, and the regulations of the Act of 1791, the Ports of that district have been open to Importation from every part of the world, until the passing of the Act of 1804, by which the Importation and Exportation of Grain are regulated by the aggregate average of Scotland. In the month of November last.

Wheat was fold in the Markets of Glasgow, Paisley, and Greenock, at 80s. per quarter, by which, had the Act of 1791 remained in force, the Importation wouhl have been permitted; but the average prices by which Importation and Duty are to be regulated in Scotland being only 62 s. and 11 d. by the returns of the 15th November 1804, laid before the Committee, no Importation from a Foreign Country could be permitted without paying the High Duty of 24$. and 3 d. amounting to a prohibition.

Do you consider the Grain of the growth of Scotland inferior to’ that of the growth of England?—Wheat is inferior, excepting in a

few

882

Appendix;

A. 1805.

Appendix, (No. 6o‘.) 31* Maii, continued.

Report from Committee on the Corn Trade—continued.

few counties of Scotland; barley is much inferior, but oats in general are nearly equal in Quality.

What appears to you to be the bed mode of fixing the prices by which Importation and Exportation of Grain shall be regulated in Scotland?—By the aggregate average of the 16 Maritime counties of Great Britain. I have examined the averages of the Maritime counties of England, from the year 1793 to 1804, which 1 have compared with the averages of Scotland during the fame period, and I find the former uniformly higher:—This regulation would be attended with the bed consequences, particularly by permitting the free admission of Grain from one part of Great Britain to another, and would be the means of affording to pojmlous and unproductive counties a more regular and plentiful supply of Grain, and at a lower price than can be the case by the present Act. It would likewise permit the Barley of Norfolk and other English counties, so naceflary to the Scotch Brewery and Distillery, and forming a valuable branch of trade to England, to be imported at all times into Scotland, which might be prevented by the operation of the present Act, as the Ports of Scotland would be Ibut against the Importation of Grain from England, by the returns made during the first plentiful ye&r that may Occur.

Has Scotland been as w'eli supplied with Grain from Ireland, and at similar prices, since the Act of last Session, as it was before?—The wed of Scotland depends in a great measure on Ireland for a supply of Oats and Oatmeal; the greated part of 160,000 bolls, or nearly T20,000 quarters, the annual amount of the Grain imported into Clyde, being obtained from that country. But fmcc the passing of the present Act, the quantity has diminished, and the pi ice has increased.'

Whether you know any thing th&t induces you to believe, that the diminution of supplies from Ireland, and increase of price which took place since-the lad Corn Ad, was occasioned by a failure of the lad harvest irt Ireland?—I have been informed, that in some parts of Ireland the harved was not so productive as formerly; but it has likewise been dated to me, that these circumstances were to be attributed to a greater consumption in Ireland, and the raw Grain used in the Distillery. I beg leave likewise to add, that the Corn Dealers, both ki Great Britain and Ireland, knowing that Grain mud be had for the consumption of the inhabitants of the weft of Scotland, and the populous mannfaduring parts of Great Britain, have it in their power to take advantage of the high prices, to which, according to the present Act, Grain mud rife before Importation from Foreign countries is allowed, and can without any risk retain the Grain which is the produce of Ireland, until the prices in this country amount nearly to the prices at which Grain can be procured from Foreign parts at the lowed Duties.

Do you kmnv whether large quantities of Grain have not hern exported from Ireland in the course of the lad six months, in fyite of the before-mentioned failure of harved?—Yes; I have no doubt but large quantities of Grain have been exported from Ireland.

If the Importation had been permitted into the Ports of Scotland at the average price of 56s. for Wheat, and other Grain in proportion, would not that alteration in the scale be satisfactory to the inhabitants of the particular districts?—Such a reduriion of price Would be extremely satisfactory to the inhabitants of the well of Scotland.

Do you conceive the period of three months sufficiently long for tht Ports to remain open at a time for the importation of Grain from the British settlements in America ?— From my own knowledge of thesubjed, when voluntary subscriptions were raised in the counties of Lanark and Renfrew during the years of scarcity, for obtaining an additional supply of Grain from America as well as other countries, the period of three months was too limited for giving orders, making purchases, and feeding home cargoes; and this ltatcment is confirmed by the opinion of the most respectable Merchants at Glasgow engaged in that trade.

Have not the prices of Grain in Scotland, particularly the price of Barley, been frequently so low as to admit of an Export to Foreign parts when the Ports of England Lave been ihut against Exportation? —I have always innlerstood that this has been the case, though I cannot at present state the specilic periods at which such Exportation has taken place.

If there was an unlimited intcrcourse between all the Ports of England and Scotland, might not Engafh Gram, at such times, bt exported from the Ports of Scotland ?— Such Exportation might certainly take place under the circumstances above statfed.

Examination of Sir^JoiiN Newport, Baronet, a Member of the Committee.

Do you consider the Exportation of Foreign Grain warchnuied in Ircland to be permitted under the exilting Laws on the iubjecr, when the export of Grain of the grow th of Scotland is prohfoitcdr ~I, as an individual, conceived the Warehousing A cl to Lave this operaton in Ireland; that is to say, that Foreign Grain warehoused under the King’s lock could not be re-exported at such time as Com of Irish growth cannot be exported.

Have you ever heard a similar opinion delivered upon thatclause by Gentlemen connected with the Corn Trade in Ireland?—I Lave never converted on that subject with any Gentlemen in Ireland, but I have heard Mr. Fofler this day deliver the fame opinion.

Appendix, No. 2.

An ACCOUNT of the Weekly Average Price of WHEAT, RYE, BARLEY, OATS, BEANS, and PEASE, per Quarter, in England and Wales; and of the Monthly Average Prices in Scotland; from the lftof October 1803to the latest Date at which the fame can be made up.

ENGLAND and WALES.

t Wheat. Rye. Barley. Oats. Beans. * Prease.

, s. d. f. d. s. d. s. d. d. *. d.

r ill October 1803 - - 54 5 41 1 24 7 22 10 36 7 39 6

8th -■ 54 40 6 24 10 22 10 3 O’ 4 41 —

15th - 53 n 33 — 24 7 22 8 36 9 41 8

aid - - - - 54 39 2 24 10 23 2 ,37 1 41 8

■ 29th - 54 2 39 2 24 11 23 4 37 — 40 11

5th November - 54 5 37 4 25 2 23 6 37 8 42 5

12th - - 54 10 37 25 8 23 11 38 7 41 8

19th - - 54 9 3 6 10 26 — 24 1 38 11 41 5

v 26th - 54 8 37 1 26 3 24 1 39 2 42 3

3d December - - 54 9 35 9 26 — 23 10 39 10 43 4

loth - - 53 9 35 n 25 5 23 4 39 1 4i 5

17th - - 53 8 35 4 25 4 22 it 38 4 41 8

24th - 53 1 35 — 24 11 22 6 38 3 41 2

.3111 - - 52 5 35 3 24 4 21 11 37 4 42 7

71I1 January 1804 - - 52 3 32 3 23 11 21 7 37 5 42 3

14th - 51 10 33 5 23 8 21 2 . 6 41 1

21 ft - - 51 4 34 1 23 4 20 8 39 — S8 9

'28th - 51 3 32 9 23 4 20 6 35 5 38 li

4th February - 50 7 33 — 23 3 20 3 55 1 37 4

11 th - 50 2 32 4 23 " 20 — 35 1 37 3

18th - 50 2 32 7 32 11 19 9 33 10 36 10

0 1 1 1 - 49 8 33 — 22 IO 19 9 34 — 36 11

3d March - 49 6. 33 2 22 8 ip 9 33 10 38

10th - - - - 50 — 32 9 22 11 19 9 33 6' 37 7

17th - - 50 — 32 10 23 — 20 2 33 6 37 4

24th - - 50 7 32 10 23 6 20 5 34 1 35

iit - - - 50 8 32 9 23 5 *20 9 33 10 0 38 7 ^ntinued.)

45 Geo. III. Appendix.

883

Report from Committee on the Corn Trade—continued.

England and Wales—continued.

/—*— Wheat. Rye. Barley. Oats. Beans. 1 Pease.

s. d. i. </. S. d. s. d. s. d. d.

r 7th April )8«4 50 9 32 10 24 — 20 11 33 7 37 1

14th - 51 — 32 9 23 11 21 a 33 9 37 5

2tft - 5l 6 3* 24 9 at 4 33 10 34 7

28th - - 51 7 3? 3 *4 9 ai 7 34 a 37 7

5th May - 51 9 32 10 25 5 a 1 1 34 a 36 7

i^th 51 9 32 it 26 — 22 it 34 5 35 4

19 th - 51 7 ' 33 — 25 9 aa 8 33 10 37 6

26th 51 8 33 2 26 3 22 6 35 — 38 5

ad June 51 10 34 5 25 11 22 8 34 4 36 8

9th - 51 10 32 8 26 5 22 10 34 5 37 1

16 th - - 5* 9 33 1 26 3 23 3 35 1 37 8

33d - 52 a 33 7 26 6 *3 7 35 6 38 —

30th - 5* 4 32 8 27 — 24 — 35 9 36 8

7U1 July - 5* 1 34 — 27 3 *4 t 35 11 38 5

14th - 52 10 34 a 28 — H 9 36 4 4* 4

»Ut - 53 9 34 7 28 5 2411 37 5 39 a

a8th - 54 10 34 3 27 3 23 3 38 — 4° 7

4th August - 5 4 34 5 3® 3 25 10 38 JO 39 9

lith * 57 8 34 a 28 11 26 1 39 6 39 5

18th - 60 1 36 11 32 3 26 3 39 5 39 9

25th - 64 it 38 5 33 6 27 — 4° 7 42 —:

lft September 66 5 40 34 to 27 5 4' 7 4° 8

8th m 65 6 39 6 35 — 26 10 40 a 41 11

15‘h - 64 3 39 11 34 — 26 9 41 a 42 a

22d 64 6 40 — 34 7 26 4 40 11 42 8

29th - <»5 4 38 6 34 9 25 10 40 10 42 3

6th October - 5 10 38 7 34 8 25 7 40 — 4i 11

13th a 39 4 34 9 25 a 40 8 42 10

2cth - 68 8 38 10 36 — 25 3 41 3 42 4

27th m 70 9 4« 3 37 — 25 6 4* 11 43 4

3d November 74 4 41 11 38 6 26 — 43 4 46 1

loth - 76 10 44 — 40 5 26 4 44 9 46 11

17th - 81 9 47 1 43 — 27 — 4 9 49 a

24th - 85 9 49 11 46 — 27 7 49 1 50 11

ill December 86 3 51 8 46 6 27 8 50 8 50 10

8th - 86 11 49 10 45 2 27 8 50 4 52 9

»5th m «4 4 51 8 45 — 27 5 49 10 52 7

22d m 84 4 5i 8 44 5 27 4 49 6 50 11

29th m 86 3 51 4 44 — 27 — 40 11 49 3

5th January 1805 86 a 52 9 43 10 26 11 48 5 5i 6

lath - 86 6 52 5 44 2 26 6 47 7 50 9

19th - 86 7 53 — 44 2 26 10 4« — 5* 1

06th - 86 52 9 45 6 26 7 47 7 51 6

ad February - 87 5 53 a 46 2 26 8 47 9 5° 3

pth - 89 6 54 7 47 2 26 10 48 5 50 8

16th - 9» 7 57 8 48 - 27 — 46 ie 49 4

a$d - 91 11 57 9 48 - 27 a 47 7 49 a

ad March - 91 8 59 47 9 27 3 47 a 50 it

9th - 92 4 59 3 47 n 27 a 48 3 52 5

16th - 93 60 7 48 5 27 6 47 8 5» 10

23d 93 3 61 8 47 6 27 9 47 6 5> 9

30th - 93 a 6a 3 47 11 27 6 47 11 5® 7

6th April - 9* 11 59 6 47 H 27 3 47 — 49 11

13th - Qi 10 58 4 47 7 27 a 46 11 49 3

20th - 9i 8 60 8 48 - 26 11 47 6 50 —

27th - 9° a 6a 2s 46 11 27 — 46 6 50 —

4th May - 89 5 59 9 45 10 26 9 45 10 49 4

lith 87 6 57 6 4+ 3 26 7 46 1 48 5

Appendix*

{No. 6a)

31* M

continued.

SCOTLAND.

r Wheat. Rye. Barley. Oats. Beans. Pease.

t. d. 4. d. 1. d. 4* <*• 1. d. #. d.

Average of 4\Veeks preceding 15th October 1803 - 50 — 38 4 25 a *3 * 3« 4 3$

D° * 50 8 40 7 " *5 7 aa 5 36 8 36 5

D* - 49 7 38 2 25 1 ai 11 35 10 35 3

P* - 47 3 40 10 *4 4 ao 8 34 8 33 4

lr - 44 9 40 — 23 1 20 — 33 — 32 3

L>° 44 4 35 5 a2 3 ao i 33 7 32 —

i)* - - 46 9 35 5 23 3 21 5 34 — 32 7

d* - 50 4 41 8 H 8 23 — 34 7 34 1

- 49 11 41 8 25 a aa a 34 — 33 7

DJ - 51 6 4. 8 25 a aa 9 34 7 33

d* - 53 9 41 8 06 5 23 7 35 10 35 2

D* - 57 10 38 4 28 4 24 7 36 11 9

D* - 55 10 36 10 29 8 *3 4 36 5 35 8

D° - 66 3 34 2 33 io 23 — 37 10 37 7

d* - 74 10 35 9 37 u 23 9 37 9 37

d* 73 2 36 1 36 3 aa 9 35 11 36 t

D* 77 3 35 7 36 8 aa 7 35 8 35 4

ft* 82 — 35 11 37 9 23 5 37 a 36

D° — 8+ 3 34 3 38 3 23 10 36 6 36 3

N. B.—Th® Returns from Scotland are not made weekly, but monthly.

Vol, 6o. io Q.

884

Appendix

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 60.)

31" Ma li,

continued.

Report from Committee on the Corn Trade—continued.

An ACCOUNT of the Quarterly Average Price of WHEAT, RYE, BARLEY, OATS, BEANS, and PEASE, per Quarter, in England and Wales, and in Scotland, from the tft of April 1804 to the latell Period at which the fame ran be mud* up.

Quarterly Average Prices of England and Wales, pursuant to Ad of 3 ill Geo. III. chap. 30.

r IV heat. Rye. 0 Barley. Oats. Beans. Peufe.

s. d. t. d. s. d. 6. d. «. d. s. (L

f ill District - - 50 11 30 1 23 4 21 5 30 — 35 8

ad - 47 10 25 8 20 4 •20 1 27 3 2a 6

3d 46 1 25 19 4 18 1 29 8 32 8

4th ----- 4« 3 25 9 22 i/ 18 7 30 5 24 n

5th +6 9 33 6 21 8 20 6 27 8 32 8

Average of the Six Weeksj 6th 55 7 40 4 26 1 22 4 *34 — #3d (i

preceding 15th May 1S04 " 7th ----- 54 U *31 11 28 7 23 6 39 9 52 —

8th 55 8 43 — 2 6 5 19 6 42 5 40 1

9th *51 .0 *3' n 24 8 16 4 *34 — *36 d

10th - - - - 50 10 *3f 11 25 9 22 4 36 11 39 7

11th - - - - 54 9 *3' it 28 — 22 2 39 — •36 6

12th - . - V 5* " *31 n 24 9 24 10 37 * 4l 9

N.B.—The Figures against which Afterifk s are placed are the genei *al Average 1 Jrices of Eng LAND.

' Quarterly Average Prices of Englani :> and Wales,

pursuant to Ad of 3 ill Geo. III. chap. 30.

r A

Wheat. Rye. Barley. Oats. Beans. Pease.

d. s. d. s. d. s. d. s. d. 1. d.

r ill District - - 60 1 28 7 29 10 24 5 37 2 41 -

2d - 50 2 26 9 25 11 23 8 32 1 33 4

3^ 46 7 27 9 25 — 22 6 31 10 33 3

4th 51 — 29 3 25 5 21 10 34 1 *39 9

5th 57 4 3« 5 26 — 24 8 37 — 35

Average of the Six Weeks pre-< 6th ----- 61 l 40 11 27 8 25 — *37 *39 9

ceding 15th August 1804 7th - 59 6 *34 3 28 3 27 — 41 — 47

8th 56 8 43 — 30 3 20 10 *37 * *39 9

9th 55 3 *34 * 32 7 20 8 *37 8 *39 9

10th - - - - 53 3 *34 3 3i 5 26 7 40 — 40 3

11th - - - - 58 *34 3 32 8 24 11 38- 6a -

I2th - - - - 55 1 *34 -3 30 7 28 8 4° 9 40 -

N. B.—The Figures against which Afterilks are placed are the general Average Prices of England.

# Quarterly Aggregate Average Prices of England and Wales, pursuant to Ad of 44th Geo. III. chap. 109.

Average of the 6 Weeks preceding 15th Nov. 1804 r 7o 5 39 n 36 3 24 8 4t 7 1 43

* D° 15th Feb. 1805 87 8 53 9 44 1 26 2 48 4 53 1

D° 15th May 1805 90 6 59 4 44 to 26 3 46 1 49 —

Quarterly Average Prices of Scotland, pursuant to Ad of 31ft Geo. III. chap. 30.

Average of the Six Weeks preceding 15th May 1804 - - r 13th District . ) 14th - - -j 15th - - -[16th - - - r 5° 9 46 — 54 5 +7 1 •38 6 •38 6 *38 6 38 6 23 4 21 7 25 11 2(5 5 22 IO 17 9 24 — 23 IO 32 6 36 -36 7 35 to 31 4 34 38 — 35 7

Average of the Six Weeks preceding 15th August 1804 - - r 13th District -) 14th - - -} 15th - - -'16th - - - 5« 3 48 5 55 48 5 •41 8 *41 8 *41 8 41 8 25 23 5 27 8 26, 9 24 IO 19 — 24 8 22 11 34 3 3« 4 37 36 6 33 7 36 4 37 to . 36 0

N. B.—The Figures against which Aflerilks are placed, are the general Average Prices of Scotland.

r

Average of the 6 Weeks preceding 15th Nov. 1804

L>* -

15th Feb. 1805

Quarterly Aggregate Average Prices of Scotland, pursuant to

Ad of 44th Geo. III. cap. 109.

6a ii 34 8 j 32 6 23 2 37 4 1 37 -

75 7 36 10 I 37 7 22 IO 37 8 | 3S -

J*° Jal Catherwood,

Receiver of Com Returns, 18th May 1805.

0

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

885

Report from Committee on the Corn Trade—continued.

Appendix, N° 3.

Av ACCOUNT of the Average Price of GRAIN per Quarter, of the Six Weeks immediately preceding the 15th No v ember 1804, and the 15th February 1805, in each of the Four Distri&s in Scotland.

Appendix. (No. 60)

31* M

continued.

Wheat. Ry, e. Barley. Oats. Beans. Pease.

8. d. S. d. 8. d. s: d. s. d. s. d.

Average of the ( " 13th District * - 66 —■ *34 8 33 2 24 4- 35 4 35 8

Six Weeks J > 14th 56 1 *34 8 32 7 21 — 40 — 39 —

preceding 15th Nov. 1804. ) 1 15th 67 9 -34 8 35 24 8 40 — 40 2

i . 16th ----- 62 — 34 8 29 6 22 8 34 2 33 2

( r 13th District * - 80 6 40 2 36 9 22 11 34 6 34 4

Average of the Six Weeks ) \ 14th 72 10 *36 10 39 — 22 4 42 8 42 8

preceding 15th Feb. 1805. '] 1 15th 81 10 *36 10 41 9 24 9 39 10 41 3

< < 16th ----- 67 5 33 7 33 1 21 6 33 11 33 11

22d May 1805.

N. B.—The Figures against which Afterilks are place&are the general Average Prices of Scotland.

Jno Ja1 Catheniood,

Receiver of Corn Returns.

Appendix, N* 4.

A RETURN of all the WIIEAT Exported or Re-exported from the Ports of Great Britain, since the 15 th November 1804.

Qrs. 26, 745.

Bus.*

4-

Inspector General's Office, Custom-House, London, 30th May 1805.

■1

William Irving,

inspe&or Gen1.

Appendix, N°5.

tion, or Re-exportation of the fame.

Time

of

Importation.

1804. October 15. Sept. - 7.

-----7;

October 15; Nov.. - 17. Sept. - 7. Nov. - 27.

-----17-

Dec. - 1. 14-

Nov. - 17. Dec. - 29 1805. January 17. ----- - 15-

----- - 10.

- 22. & 23.

----- - 15.

----- - 21.

----- - 21.

----- - 11.

February 9.

----- - 9-

----- - 15.

January 10^ Fcb,i5.&i8.

----- - 9-

January 23.

----- - 22.

----- - 22.

----- - *1.

1804. Dec. - 19.

Sept. - 19.

1805, February 9. ----- - 25.

----- - 9.

January 12. ----- - 21.

February 9.

----- 11.

March 4. January 21. Feb. - 21. March 4.

Time

of

Exportation.

1804. Nov.

D#c.

1805,

Feb.

- 19-

- 20.

- 20. 21.

- 14.

----- - 14.

----- - 14.

----- - 18.

----- - 18.

■----- - 20.

----- - 20.

January 9.

----- - 28.

----- -28.

- 29.

- 6.

----- - 13.

----- - 13.

----- - 13-

■----- - 13*

----- - 19.

----- - 25.

----- - 18.

----- -T8.

----- - 22.

----- - 25.

----- - 25.

----- 28.

• ----- -28.

----- - 28.

• --- - 28.

----- - 28.

----- - 28.

----- -28.

----- - 28.

----- - 28.

March - 7.

----- 7*

----- - 7-

• ----- " 7-

• 7*

- - 7.

----- - 8.

—----- 13* ----- - 13.

----- - 19.

quantity.

Wheat of the growth of Ireland.

Wheat of Foreign Ctrowth.

289 4

494 4 147 4

160 o

227

20 O —

383 316 142

452 4

320 0

220 0

100 0

351 4

224 4

92 0

208 4

330 0

57 3

228 4

160 0

SqS 4

445 4

53 4

2S8 0

128 0

194 4

602 4

224 4

150 4

1 Q'2 4

4

161 4

1,146 0

600 0

380 4

S25 0

472 0

600 0

137 4

820

65O

253 o

17 6 117 4

379 0 256 o

Time

of

Importation.

1805. Feb.

1804.

1805.

1804.

1805.

1804.

1805.

1804.

1805.

r8o2.

1805.

- 16.

----- -25.

----- - 16.

March 6. Feb. -11. March 5. Feb. - 16.

•----- -25.

----- - 16.

March 6. January 15. March 20. Feb. - 16. January 22. March 20. Dec. - 29. February 1.

----- - 18.

March 2d. Dec. - 1. March 20. Nov. - 17. Dec. - 3. March 19.

----- 5-

----- - 19*

----- - 18.

----- - 18.

----- 30-

----- - 20.

----- - 30.

----- - 22.

----- -28.

Dec. - 1.

■----- - 7.

March - <L Feb. - 28. March 19."

----- - 18.

April - 5.

----- - 13-

June - 5. March 8. ----- - 8.

Time

of

Exportation.

1805.

March - 19.

----- - 19-

----- -19.

----- - 19.

----- - 21.

----- - 21.

----- -23.

----- -23.

----- -23.

----- -23.

----- -28.

----- -28.

----- -28.

----- -29.

----- -30.

April - 1. ----- - 1.

— - 4-

— - 5*

— - 5.

— - 5*

— - 9.

— ‘ 9-

— - 9-

— - 9*

— - 9-

— - 10.

— - 11.

— - 2.

— -11.

— - 11.

— - 11.

----- - 13*

----- -13.

—- - 13.

----- -27.

----- -27.

May - 3.

----- *13-

----- - l5-

Total - -

Inspector General’s Office, Custom-House, London, 30th May 1805.

■1

the 15th November 1804}

Importation and Exporta-

QUANTITY.

Wheat of Wheat

the growth of Foreign

of Ireland. Growth.

96 0 - -

100 0 —

250 0 —

554 0 —

129 5 —

265 0 —

142 0 —

107 4 —

248 4 —

281 4 —*

240 4 —

300 0 —

54 0 —

- - - . 378 1

74 0 —

375 0 —

242 3 —

564 4 —

- - - - 500 0

- - - - 442 4

250 0 —

- - - - 455 0

- - - - 280 0

55 0 —

303 4 —

9° 4 —

45 4 —

555 0 —

- - - 400 0

96 1 —

- - - - 3°4 0

- - - - 150 0

109 0 —

- - - - 112 0

- - - - 236 0

141 0 —

187 0 —

150 4 —

426 4 —

- - - - 455 0

- - - - 80 0

- - - - 200 0

150 0 —

290 4 —

387 4

18,763 4 7,982 0

William Irving.

' by

886

Appendix

A. 180j

Appendix, (No. 61.) io* Junii.

Ax ACCOUNT of the Amount of all UNCLAIMED DIVIDENDS on the PUBLIC FUNDS which were Receivabl h-loth October i"8o, remained Unpaid on the 30th September and 31st of December in the same year rel'pe&ively, and have fin,*. 1 °elore " the Bank of England. Ce b*en Pad u

tie

£. 3 per Cent. Consolidated. Annuities 1726. Annuities, 1756. Annuities, 1758. Reduced Annuicie*. £. 4-per-Cent. 1762. Long Ann* 1761, 1762, 1764. Long Ann* 17S0. Annuity 28 years. Mifceliaaeous Articles.

Amount of Dividends £■ .. 4 £' •’ *■ £■ >■ d. £■ . 4 £- 4. d. £. i. £• J- d. £. d £• L d. £• t. d.

unpaid 30th Septem- f ber ana 31H Decem- | ber 1780 - -J 117,006 3 3 6,698 1 2 514 1 10 13418 9 5 49,065 4 — 53.934 *9 8 5 — 58,298 IX 2 8,968 17 2 30,274 i5 ,

Paid since - 711435 »4 5.9 S* *3 '0 37* — 4 12,812 I 9 46,789 12 3 51,974 1* 9 2,098 14 10 58,289 5 X 8,938 XX 2 zS»8x6 3 11

Remains unpaid - £. 5,570 * 9 j 739 7 4 136 i 6 606 7 8 2,275 11 9 1,960 6 ir 412 xo 2 9 6l 30 6 — 6i44* ii 2

Bank of England, ? 10th June 1805.)

Wm Walton,

Acc* Gen1.

Ax ACCOUNT of the Amount of *11 UNCLAIMED DIVIDENDS on the several ANNUITIES payable at a. Bank of_England, Receivable before the 10th October 1802, and remained Unpaid on the 30th September and 31ft Decemt in the same year respectively: Also, an ACCOUNT of LOTTERY CERTIFICATES remaining in , r?, England, Unpaid on the said 31ft December. ® remaining in the Bank of

Reduced Annuities -£.4-per-Cent Annuities, 1780 -

5-per-Cent Annuities, 1797 -

ng Annuity -Annuity for 28 years ...

Annuities, 1726 -

Consolidated Annuities -

£. 5-per-Cents, 1785 Imperial £. 3-perOnts -

- D° - - Amiuity for 25 years On Certificates, &c. not made into Stock Miscellaneous Articles -

Lottery Certificates Unpaid 31ft December 1802

£• l, d.

107>540 2 —

7°,57* 2 11

3°>362 9 7

37.030 9 4

*3.5i8 2 10

a>974 5 8

302,334 3

60,510 18 8

6,292 15 6

7.9o6 1 9

33.* *7 7 8

" 14,426 9 8

686,685 8 8

91,087

£■ 777.772 «

N. B.—Of the above Sum there had been paid on 30th September and 31ft December 1804 - - £. 473,909. 10. 8.

Bank of England, ? loth June 1803 3

W* Walton,

Acc1 Gen1.

Ax ACCOUNT of all Monies Stocks, Funds, and Securities for Monet, Handing in the Name of the Accountant General

£* °fENGlAK0 11,1(1 S0Uth Sea H0Ufe' - elsewhwe, in Trust for the of T*S

Cacti in Custody of the Bank - - - * £• *• d. 2*6,577 *7 *» Chelsea Waterworks - - Forty Shares 1 •* 1

Calli laid out purffiant to feverjd Acts of Parr Exchequer Orders, £. i,6oo per annum - — —

1 lament - - - - . - r 4*9,887 10 3 Equivalent Stock - - - - 525 —

Bank £. 3-per-Cent. Annuities Consolidated *4,933.773 *0 *0 East India Bonds ----- i,3«*

Reduced Annuities Consolidated - - 2,691,923 3 10 Exchequer Bills ----- *73»8oo

Old South Sea Annuities - 487,468 4 — Exchequer Tontine Annuities -Hudson's Bay Stock - 200

Bank £. 4-per-Cent. Annuities - - - 765,55* * — 2,072 10 —

Bank Stock ---•*• 343,898 12 8 Irish Annuities ----- 712 10 —

New South Sea Annuities - 338,245 8 — Imperial Annuities, a. £. 3-per-Cent. «3»H5 17 5

Bank Navy /.5-per-Cent. Annuities 248,637 3 3 Imperial Annuities - 3,000

South Sea Stock ----- 92,333 *4 5 London Assurance Stock - 702 Shares —

Annuities at £. 3-per-Cent. Anno 1751 - - 47,819 17 10 London Bridge Waterworks - - 30 Shares —

East India Stock ----- 67,8*0 3 11 Mines Royal Society Stock - *>534 Shares —

Bank Long Annuities - 17,898 6 11 Mortgages ----- 4.73* *

Bank Consolidated Annuities for 2$ years, from Notes, Bills, and Private Bonds - *7,5*4 * -

5th January 1780 ----- 3,647 18 — Orphan Stock - - 24,742 2 10

Annuities at £. 5-per-Cent. Anno 1797 - *46,338 — 4 River Dee Stock ----- 1,000

Annuities at/.3-per-Cent. Anno 1726 - *5,«79 *0 — Royal Exchange Assurance Stock - 2,866 13 4

Irish £. 5-per-Cent. Annuities - - 14,000 — Scotch Mine Stock - 9,882 8 4

City Bonds ----- 3*50 0 Sun Fire Office Stock - - 214 Shares

Bank of England, 7 XT- Walton,

10th June 1805. j Acc* Gen1.

An ACCOUNT of all Monies, Stocks, Funds, and Securities for Monet, /landing in the Name of the Deputy Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, at the Bank of England, in Trust for the Suitors of that Court; made up ttr first of October 1804.

Bank Stock -Consolidated Annuities Reduced Annuities -£. 4-per-Cent. Annuities -

5-per-Cent. Annuities, 1785 -

£.5-per-Cent. Annuities, 1797 -3-per-Cent. Annuities, 1726 -

£■ t- d. 453 7 575>6i3 4 * 44,400 5 2

7,766 13 —

1,749 *8 1

45 6

1,000-----

in ?;uVt°rLSrSr,alf0 ?%diZg in the *"" D^y Remembrancer of His Majest/s Court of Exchequer, * ' e Orders of the Barons of the said Court of the Degree of the Coif, or any Two of them.

Consolidated Annuities - I £‘

Reduced Annuities ...... 11,875 18 2

...... * 4*77® 5 7

Bank of England, 7 loth June 1805.3

Wm Walton,

Acc* Gen*.

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix

887

A» ACCOUNT of the Amount of all UNCLAIMED DIVIDENDS on the PUBLIC FUNDS, which were

Receivable before 10th October 1780; remained Unpaid on 30th September and 31ft December in the same year; and have since been Paid at the'South Sea House.

— — - Old S. S. Ann5 New S. S. Ann* 3-per-Cent. Total

S. S. Ann*, 1751. Amount

The Amount of all Unclaimed Dividends on the Public Funds Receivable at the South Sea House before 10th October 1780, which remained Unpaid on the 30th September and 31ft December in the same year £■ d. £■ *• d. £. s. d. £. i. d.

66,392 6 2 44,429 + 1 12,781 12 1 123,603 2 4

The Amount of such of the aforesaid Dividends as have since been paid

40,716 1 9 33,191 7 11 10,715 — 3 84,622 911

Appendix,

(No. 61.)

continued,

27® Junii. U 1__________■/

South Sea House, 7 27th June 1805.3

John Lamb9

Accountant*

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of all UNCLAIMED DIVIDENDS on the several ANNUITIES payable at the South Sea House, which were Receivable before the 10th of October 1802, and remained Unpaid on 30th September and 31ft December in the same year.

Old South Sea Annuities -New South Sea Annuities -3-Per-Cent. South Sea Annuities, 1751

South Sea House, 7 27th June 1805. 3

Amount

£■ *• d.

34,610 15 4

10,274 18 5

■ £■ ■*= 107,886 15 8

John Lamb,

Accountant.

An ACCOUNT of all STOCKS Handing at the South Sea House, in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, or the Deputy Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, in Trust for the Suitors of those Courts respectively; made up to the ill of October 1804.

South Sea Stock, - - in the Name of Nicholas Smith, Esq. Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in

Trust, to attend the Orders of the said Court, his Successors and Assigns -

Old South Sea Ann’, - in the Name of Nicholas Smith, Esq. Accountant General, as above

- - Ditto --- in the Name of Abel Moyfey, Esq. Deputy Remembrancer of His Majesty’s Court of Exchequer, in Trust, to attend the Orders of the llarons of the Degree of the Coif, or any of them -

- - Ditto --- in the Name of Abel Moyfey, Esq. Ac. in Trust, to attend the Orders

of the Court of Exchequer -

New South Sea Annuities, in the Name of Nicholas Smith, Esq. Accountant General, as above -

- - Ditto - - - in the Name of Abel Moyfey, Esq. Deputy Remembrancer, Ac. id lrult,

to attend the Orders of the Court ol Exchequer 3-P.-C* So. Sea Ann*, 1731, in the Name of Nicholas Smith, Esq. Accountant General, as above The Amount of all Stocks at South Sea House, in the Name of the Accountant General The Amount of - - Ditto - - - in the Name of the Deputy Remembrancer

£• i. d.

5.737 6 3

1,363 9 4 50-----

7,150 15 7

£• *• d.

92,333 »4 5 487,468 4 —

338,245 * —

47,819 17 10

965,867 4 3

South Sea House, 7 27th June 1805. J

John Lamb,

Accountant.

Vol. 6q.

10 R

888

Appendix

A. 1805.

Appendix, (No. 62.)

1 o’ Jnnii.

5* Julii.

Ax ACCOUNT of the BALANCES of PUBLIC MONEY lemaining with the Receiver General of the Customs, on the 5th day of January, the 5th day of April, the 5th day of July, and the loth day of October, in each year; from the year 1793 inclusive, to the 5th day of April last.

January 5th. April 5th. July 5th. October 10th.

j £■ d. £■ *• d. £■ s. d. £■ s. d.

In die Year 1793 - A ' i. 53-213 12 3 35,058 5 3 6i,594 14 11 65,243 10 1

' 1794 - - " { 23,592 7 17,852 u 4 +2,830 1+ 8 44,165 16 10

1795 - - 16,322 10 8 5,036 19 11 54,231 3 3 50,916 17 10

1796 - , 26,131 4 9 76,702 8 3 89,753 6 11 103,970 19 8

1797 - - - 18,234 19 10 32,408 11 6 26,402 1 8 13,521 8 9

1798 - - 2,141 10 1 io,735 16 10 30,314 4 1 105,058 13 9

1799 - - 18,887 9 6 22,604 9 8 24,969 11 — 44,532 6 5

1800 - to 36,244 14 11 9,469 8 3 28,175 — 8 66,850 18 10

1801 - - - 12,779 11 6 .35,053 14 1 59,211 18 10 36,851 12 2 ,

1802 - - - 16,167 15 — 14,848 16 9 19,182 11 11 4L934 1 10

1803 - 47,964 16 4 27,252' 10 2 39,206 4 — 29,436 1 6

t 1804 - 51,626 7 3 43,436 6 4 76,333 13 5 77,395 4 9

1805 50,042 4 9l 38,943 — 4

The above Balances were paid into the Hands of Messrs. Smith, Payne, and Smiths, Bankers to the Receiver General.

J. Beadnell,

June 10th 1805. Assistant to the Receiver General.

Memorandum:

The Custom House Accounts are made up on Saturday in each week, and on the Four Quarter days. The Accounts include the exact Receipt, in the Port of London, to the day of closing, inclusive; and also the amount of all such Bills of Exchange, remitted from the Out-Ports and Plantations, as fall due on or before the Fourth preceding day; four days being allowed for making out an Account of the Appropriation of them, and for examining the fame in the Comptroller General's Office.

An ACCOUNT of the BALANCES remaining with the Receiver General of the EXCISE, on the 5th day of January, the 5th

December, in each year, from the year 1793 inclusive, to the 5th day of April last; Together with an 'Account of

CHARGE, confiding of RESTS and RECEIPTS.

DATE.

1793.

5th January -5th March 5th April - -5th June - -

5th July - -5th September 5th Odobcfr -5th December

1794*

5th January -5th March 5th April - -

5th June - -5th July - -5th September 5th October -5th December

*795-5th January -5th March 5th April - -

5th June - -5th July - 5th September 5th October -5th December

179G.

5th January -5th March 5th April - -

5th June - -

5th July - -

5th September 5th October -5th December

On Account of the Revenue of Excise in England, and . Remittances from Scotland. TAX. Duty on the Roasting of Coffee. WAREHOUSE RENT.

r Civil List. 1*. Tax. For Seized Goods. A For Security of Duties on Wine.

£■ d. £• s. d. £- s. d. £■ *• j. £• 1. d. £■ '■ d.

80,626 11 ii 2,617 l 10 43* 7 it 8,758 7 3 ——

H7>977 l6 4f 388 10 10* 364 7 9t 8,971 * O* ——

50>4*4 15 if 1,026 H 4 435 0 61 9,114 9 4 ——

84,374 16 71 2,600 3 5 15 10 9f 9,270 3 H ——

59,292 5 4* 1,001 5 5 431 18 5 i 9,412 19 5 i ——

•44,443 5 5 1,452 17 2% 16 0 4l 9,585 18 10J ——

76,179 10 9l 1,003 15 435 15 71 9,767 2 ——

92,686 4 9l 2,010 7 loi 365 12 6 9,934 13 7i " " "

75,446 4 7? 2,626 7 *1 436 4 5 10,090 18 H

223,275 1 6 L4*7 18 3i % 15 8 10,271 0 9i ——

85,577 12 !•! 1,025 13 8 430 8 10,360 15 54 ——

111,821 1 H 1»434 17 61 13 16 7 10,562 O 54 ——

85,023 6 ok 999 16 9\ 436 2 6f 10,838 7 H

215,046 0 H M71 13 H 20 17 2 10,8l6 2 ol - -

69,680 13 3 \ 1,003 19 ii* 430 17 9i 967 14 of ——

224,993 17 4 2,095 6 11* 373 10 9l 1,110 19 9l " * ...

40,745 9 4 2,083 10 101 431 17 10 556 19 5

62,703 H L521 3 0 18 0 6 663 19 5i - - - ...

92,092 10 Q.\ 1,015 2 H 431 3 0 158 17 if

263,114 19 2,57* 5 374 7 71 289 13 8 _ ...

127,582 8 Si 1,008 11 3 43* 1 7l 334 13 3 h - - - ...

250,941 9 6£ *,033 2 9i 373 1 *1 131 4 *1 . -

105,873 3 1,005 7 H 428 19 of 171 17 io{ - - . ...

273,563 4 8 2,088 4 3 370 17 6 311 4 31 " - - ...

135,080 12 at 2,624 6 9 43* 0 3} 45i 19 n 29 10 5

164,319 18 3 1,588 15 H *5 13 6f 567 18 7 - - . 5i i»3 11

94,270 H 44 1,022 17 2 43* 1 oi 621 16 7l - . _ 33* 15 2

282, C43 17 19 *,553 12 10 i 371 1 774 6 of - - _ 214 10 3}

104,119 5 2 996 6 o| 430 1 3f !94 *3 9$ - 268 10 9

293,591 7 3 535 18 0 377 17 H 354 i* n| - - _ 280 9 11

69.752 15 34 1,000 11 8 428 9l 392 3 U _ . 315 15 8

467,560 9 nt 1,418 3 4 5 10 0 103 4 1* - - - 409 1 9.}

Due to Proprietors of Wine fold for the Duties unclaimed; Proportion thereof due to the Customs; Amounts of Sales of seized Goods unsettled; and Sums due to Officers unclaimed.

6,192

5,42s

4><H*

7,557

7,278

4,

4,75

3,201

2,654

1,568

1,561

6,446

9,9oi

8,617

8,382

10,596

t.

5i

•4

8

7 i i4 94 11

8|

4i

9k

n-i

7

11

5

21

11,627 10 8|

7,+61 2 6$

4*995 5 3 9-473 *3 9? 9,'33 '7 7,546 10 3

7,545 '9 4

8,232 18 74

8,286 9 8

7,509 0 °4

3,762 7 iof 3,594 >3 '°i 9,129 7 5i 17,066 18 9

16,717 9 2

13,403 5 3

TOTAL

98,62617 si 263,124 19 7 65,613 5 4!

103,818 11 si 77,416 11 4f 159.634 i® 9l 91,461 16 si 108,198-15 "i

91,254 1 ®i 236,546 1 7f 98,956 7 i°i 130,278 6 6 J 06,999 7 ® | 235,972 ' ®f 80,465 6 239,17o 6 'I

55,445 ® * 72,367 19 ?! 98,692 17 e| 275,824 19 4i 138,491 12 °{

261.025 7

115.025 6 iij 284,566 9 3*

146,904 16 *1 174,062 19 " 100,441 'I ® 290,15* 1 'j 115,13® + °J

312,207 4 7f 88,607 74 482,899 14

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

889

An ACCOUNT of the BALANCES of PUBLIC MONEY remaining with the Receiver General of the Customs, on the 5th day of December, the 5th day of March, the 5th day of June, and the 5th day of September in each year; from the year 1793 inclusive, to the 5th day of March last. t

In the Year 1793

1794

1795

1796

1797

1798

1799

1800

1801 180*

1803

1804

1805

March 5th. June 5th. September 5th. December 5th.

, £■ «■ d. £■ *• d. £■ *. d. £. s.

22,588 10 9 36,514 6 11 47,470 10 11 92,928 8 —

12,336 18 6 9,503 8 8 87,651 — 8 94,418 19 11

98,401 3 3 50,460 13 6 23,457 7 4 21,248 15 4

8,025 5 9 8i,594 19 11 84,427 13 4 48,89i 5 5

15,869 18 10 33,618 16 4 61,588 18 — 41,794 19 5

19,247 8 1 24,553 79,848 2 2 106,690 3 n

65,622 15 7 46,324 9 1 301419 7 7 180,949 1 11

71,293 7 10 82,869 18 1 205,335 9 3 90,414 6 6

42,805 14 11 129,328 8 3 114,205 15 8 85,480 19 10

73,055 14 7 24,309 10 7 87,377 3 9 54,489 9 1

22,050 3 — 29,940 12 1 94,621 17 10 122,100 9 3

84,815 2 7 55,834 3 3 41,052 8 — 136,258 13 3 H5,247 4 2

The above Sums were paid into the Hands of Messrs. Smith, Payne, and Smith, Bankers to the Receiver General.

/. Bccidnell,

Jurie 17th 1805. Assistant to the Receiver General.

Appendix

(No. 62.)

continued.

17* JuniL

day of March, the 5th day of April, the 5th day of June, the 5th day of July, the 5th day of September, the 5th day of October, and the 5th day of Jufff

the Names of the Persons with whom, or in whose custody the fame have been deposited at the respective Periods.

DISCHARGE.

BALANCES.

f A In the Hands of

In the In the Private Bankers; viz.

Bank of England. Office Chest. Meflh. Smith, Payne, and Smiths.

£. d. £. s. £. t. d.

77.3*7 13 2 m <© GO -

229,325 2 4 12,6221910 16,948 15 8 -

32,962 1 1 -

66,524 9 2 33.336 16 10J -

17.651 5 7 56,048 9 if

128,682 18 7 22,303 19 loi -

56,530 0 4 28,562 13 lof

70,681 5 8 29,852 2 0

36,103 18 7 47,443 18 8 -

195,968 8 11 31,151 18 4I m " "

46,929 17 3 29,999 14 nf -

92,988 a 9 30,238 2 5 -

45,197 6 8 50,463 11 3f -

204,749 10 4 22,612 8 7|

42,590 1 10 28,995 1 74 - " "

178,831 9 0 43,909 5 7i

10,791 16 10 31,450 18 5I -

58,827 13 5 7,937 4 11 - — —

34,938 14 6 42,721 13 4 t

223,962 7 0 31,559 10 7f V — a.

73,062 11 5 49,632 8 6$ -

232,562 10 6 14,471 11 aj - " "

71,450 19 4 25,437 $ if

236,848 4 1 35,028 9 4$

92,110 18 5 35*884 4 5 -

133,439 13 3 25,946 14 2f

49,191 8 9 19,650 9 6 * "■

246,315 5 2 24,303 7 °i -

45,751 0 ® 31,53° 19 1 m •

282,912 9 .8 15,163 6 6$ " " -

52,779 3 9 33,212 18 of

399,271 7 9 37,491 14 7i

Payments on Account of the Revenue Credited in Distribution.

£■ «• d-

9,668 10 8

5,361 ' 6 of | 6,888 7 7

Payments on Account of the Revenue not Credited in Distribution.

10,847 8 6| 18,35016 if

15,960 *3 >°i

13,644 12 3

8,25a 15 4l

16,869 16 8

12,084 3 8

40,476 16 o'

Payments

on

Account of

Sundries.

£■ d. £■ ,s. d.

2,442 18 8 - -

11,508 6 9 - -

15,702 8 7i - -

3,897 H 1 59 12 1

3,451 5 0 265 11 H

8,645 11 7 2 8 9

6,074 16 2$ 294 6 01

7,607 9 7i 57 18 4

2,344 18 5 m

2,537 6 9 - -

22,026 15 8 -

7>°52 1 4 - -

n,338 9 33 - -

8,6lO 2 9i - "

8,880 3 °i - -

16,344 19 5 84 12 1

*,355 4 4

5,4^0 11 9 182' 9 H

2,681 13 7 - "

20,302 5 2 O 16 6f

15,796 12 a - "

11,631 5 10 2,360 0 5

2,176 8 7 -

12,614 8 32 75 7 6f

5,033 1 232 2 2

13,052 6 64 1,624 5 iof

23,279 0 3i 67 18 4

17.470 13 oi 2,062 16 8*

20,957 17 2 k 28 11 6|

2,047 10 9 - "

2,615 6 10 - -

5,659 16 1 -

TOTAL

PAYMENTS.

£• *■ d-2442 18 8

21,17617 5

,5»7°2 8 7 3.957 6 2

3,716 16 8|

8,648 o 4 6,369 2 2f

7,665 7 lli

7.7°6 4 5f

9.425 H 4 22,026 15 8

7.052 1 4

11.338 9 8f

8,610 2 9$

8,880 3 o$

16,429 11 6

13,202 12 lof 5.603 i 21,032 9

.20,303 1

15,796 12

13,991 6

18,137 2

5§

8f 8f li 3 5$

12,689 15 lof

18,909 16 4^ 14,676 12 5f 31,599 14 o 19,533 9 8f

37>856 5 5 14,131 14 5 2,615 6 10

46,136 12 if

TOTAL.

£• S. d.

98,626 17 5 2

263,124 19 7

65,613 5 4 i

103,818 12 2 4

77,416 11 42

159,634 18 9k

91,461 16 5 4

108,198 15 72

91*234 1 8f

236,546 1 74

98,956 7 10$

130,278 6 6

106,999 7 Ik

235,972 1

80,465 6 5t

239,17° 6 i*

55,445 8

72,367 19 9 k

98,69a 17 6-t

275,824 19 4t

138,491 12 of

261,625 7 Ilf

115,025 6 H4

284,566 9 3f

146,904 19 24

174,062 19 11

100,441 12 3.

290,152 1 ill

115,13* 4 6$

312,207 4

88,607 8 li

482,899 14 54

890

Appendix

1805,

Appendix, (No. 62.) 5*

continued.

An Account of the Balances remain.

CHARGE, consisting of Rests and Receipts.

DATE. On Account of the Revenue of Excise in England, and Remittances from Scotland. TAX. % Duty on the Roasting of Coffee. Warehouse Rent.

For Seized Goods. i For Security of Duties on , Wine.

< Civil List* is. Tax

1797- £■ 1. d. £■ s. d. £ s. d. £■ 1. d. £• s. d. £- 1. d.

5th January - - 97,547 10 10$ 2,6l8 18 *J 432 19 4 1 5 - - - 424 10 8J

5th March - - - 222,897 5 4l 1,632 5 — 26 12 6£ '487 12 — - - - 591 4 44

5th April - - - 39,026 1 3i 976 16 84 424 l7 6 122 7 3 - - - 591 4 44

5th June - - - 438,346 12 5i 594 17 386 1 94 3°° 2 3 - - - 433 6 34

5th July - - - 66,193 3 5 1,029 11 54 434 16 94 37» 15 2 - - - 504 12 11J

5th September - 3<57,793 1 7 11 650 14 5 389 7 5 224 5 4 - - 550 11 11}

5th October - - 75,388 12 «1 1,008 5 3 4 430 2 9i 30619 6 - - - 550 16 44

5th December- 43*»992 18 61 1,978 16 5i 353 l7 9l 51617 8$ - - - 595 4 H

1798.

5th Janpary - - 4*5,400 _ 2 2,625 9 9i 424 H 10 414 15 4i - - 595 4 8J

5th March- - - 219,829 7 3l 565 16 3i 376 16 — 516 6 94 - - - 602 12 H

5th April - - - 121,084 13 1 1,009 H 5i 427 16 9i 650 5 4 - - - 602 12 11

5th June - - - 389,610 17 11J 620 4 3i 383 — -i 85413 54 - - - 604 4 94

5th July - - - 115,96218 5 995 11 61 428 1 9i 327 — 10 - - - 604 4 94

5th September - 70,931 5 i'S 1,743 17 2| 45 — 2i 553 15 44 - - - 639 14 5?

5th October - - 114,127 18 1,000 2 2| 424 12 7 203 10 ll - - - 639 14 54

5th December- 94,603 — oi 2,030 6 3 364 8 10k 212 15 •— - — 697 18 104

1799. 5 th January - _ 27,749 2 93 2,613 19 *1 43* 15 7* 15 3 m - 697 18 10$

5th March- - 366,697 8 -1 2,025 9 6h 353 12 91 286 12 94 - - - 1,038 9 6\

5th April - - 77,020 13 1,030 17 *3 428 12 ioi 367 — 94 - - - . 868 10 9'i

5th June - - 83,746 19 5 1,789 H l\ H 2 7 i 559 1 74 - - - 96l 7 9i

5th July - - 37.276 5 2 j 1,009 7 51 4*3 4 if 623 9 ill " - - 961 7 9%

5th September 170,540 10 7i 1*504 13 2* 16 5 — 782 7 114 - - - 932 4 6i

5th October - 98,549 18 6 1,009 5 -I 430 4 3 842 2 44 IO 18 54 932 4 6i

5th December- 126,833 5 5-1 1,578 11 6i 17 7 6h 1,046 5 9 IO 18 54 932 4 6i

1800.

5th January - 126 18 5l 2,659 12 —$ 434 1 n 1,129 9 54 29 19 54 932 6 83

5th March- - - 64,84317 7i 2,112 H 1°4 364 1 2i 1,310 7 74 83 9 —4 937 15 -?

5th April - - - 6,462 16 6f 1,035 5 435 2 4i 201 12 111 83 9 —k 950 15 —<?

5th June - - - 118,228 17 —k 2,395 1 10 j 369 7 14 421 1 114 83 9 -4 887 7 si

5th July - - - 62,191 4 6l 1,023 16 n 434 2 44 85 17 10 49 16 6 i,375 9 5 2

5th September - 226,953 loj 1,621 9 9 28 4 271 18 7 55 16 10 1,381 16 li

5th October - - 378,833 11 7! 2,594 13 5i 436 18 9l 328 4 4l 55 16 10 1,409 ip 9:i

5 th December- - 256,95713 1 1 1,701 11 i®i 27 H 8 619 4 *4 56 3 4 1,601 8 n

1801. X

5th January - - 32,886 9 61 2,695 4 2 43 6 12 7 409 13 -2 56 3 4 1,601 8 *2

5th March- - - 79.687 9 6f 1,640 8 6| 19 — 211 18 74 78 6 10 i, P75 18 2|

5th April - - - 50,760 4 nj 2,713 2 H 438 5 lij 307 10 34 78 6 10 1,975 18 2 i

5th June - - - 285,741 2 5 2,397 15 6k 385 18 10 205 7 7 78 6 10 E975 18 21

5th July - - - 56,713 10 5i 1,035 ] 8 ni 438 17 ni 258 16 94 56 8 — 2,302 9 9i

5th September - 238,928 19 n£ 1,671 2 n 33 2 413 14 34 122 15 7 2,255 H 8f

5th October - - 125,600 8 -£ 2,612 13 u 433 10 1 552 7 74 122 15 7 2,255 14 8f

5th December - 325,383 5 H *,750 8 4i 3® 7 — 753 2 3 *44 2 11 2,675 9 5 2

1802. %

5th January - - 15,604 16 9 2,713 4 3} 434 5 6 820 19 if 244 2 11 2,679 2 n

5th March- - - 273,906 15 6 1,744 19 11$ 32 10 —J 1,007 17 io| 244 2 11 2,717 10 -2

5th April - - - 28,837 18 8 1,032 19 «3 437 3 6l 682 2 3 296 8 2 3d42 1 9-1

5th lune - - - 452,850 10 6J 2,306 8 43 393 4 pi 937 6 n4 334 1 4 3A42 1 9i

5th July - - - 64,735 1 10^ 1,036 13 14 434 6 n 1,001 5 i4 39* 9 6 3,219 8 93

5th September - 382,235 2 8* 1,675 19 5( 3i 4 82 i,*55 11 11 392 9 6 3.219 8 9i

5th October - - 135,869 8 io£ 2,621 4 4 436 15 9? 1,370 1 10J 701 16 2 3,298 1 93

5th December- - 451,689 8 ni 2,110 3 6i 375 12 3i 570 18 I 1 701 16 2 3,299 16 Ilf

1803.

5th January - - 68,734 6 -1 2,713 6 8$ 450 11 3? 241 H 3} 73617 2* 3,418 12 -3

5th March- - - 318,069 — 10 j ',745 8 4 27 8 8 272 10 'i 78817 34 3,4i8 12 —i

5th April - - 38,874 19 64 1,047 8 2 455 19 9 3^4 9 11 820 14 9i 3,628 12 of

5th June - - - 469,156 11 H 2,288 1 -i 412 4 3 46618 6i 61717 i4 3,628 12 9?

5th July - - - 51,884 17 10f 1,039 — 7* 465 57816 a* 655 8 li 3,820 16 *..1 /t

5th September - 5»5,154 14 61 1,644 8 4i 31 11 7i 990 8 9i 669 1 5 i 3,820 16 72

5th October - m 88,498 3 ni 2,724 2 n 509 H 1? 225 1 —i 78716 i°i 3,764 5 43

5th December- - 685,455 1 5 2,213 11 44 6 H 3i 477 18 4i 787 16 io§ 3,821 2 n|

1804.

5th January - - 51,853 10 6 2,821 15 if 522 13 — 57818 11 808 11 4$ 3,962 11 8?

5th March- - - 493, H4 6 4 2,425 1 *4 47» 3 n 836 — 1 809 10 9r 3,749 11 i|

5th April - - - 96,607 10 4-] 1,053 9 33 517 19 6 932 17 1 753 9 io£ 3,997 2 93

5th June - - " 675,485 16 10$ 2,430 1 32 468 16 5 1,257 13 1 410 12 8 4,053 10 52

5th July - - - 50,309 2 5 1,036 18 -1 521 6 4i 230 3 7i 411 12 — 4,3H 4 42

5th September " 125,121 IO 81 "23 17 ni 479 3 32 53o 18 n| 330 4 11 4,101 11 72

5th October - 206,681 5 5 1,050 17 6 519 3 9.1 590 16 375 16 7 4,545 3 5f

5th December - 1 ftn- ' 14°>439 8 5 2,361 13 5? 459 13 8$ 1,016 9 n£ 37812 4 4,251 10 111

1 OU-* 5th January - - 73,561 6 M 2,872 8 2 522 H 2j 1,187 12 7h 390 19 1 4,578 »6 8?

5 th March _ 4 v a 1 * 509,919 5 6? 1,600 12 9i 10 4 li 1,466 11 5 b 390 19 1 4,578 16 8 2

5U1 April - - 57,685 *3 73 1,052 9 4 3 526 6 loj 252 8 -i 393 6 3 4,094 14 i°2

Due to Proprietors of Wine fold for the Duties, unclaimed; Proportion thereof due to the Cuttoins. Amounts of Sales of seized Goods unsettled; and Sums due to Officers unclaimed.

£■ *• d.

11,049 12 6$

">979 5 16,081 15 3^ 12,420 9 9 10,225 7 nj ia.175 18 2] 11,946 8 io] 7.839 5 u

8,491 19

9,408 14 9,708 1 7,428 9 6,843 11

8,507 15 12,441 5 9,578 6

71

6

2i

loi

9*

6

10;

9.337 7 4# 12,211 1 —

13,781 13 6]

14,784 2 2:J 16,271 1 7

15,900 16 8 18,252 4 1

15,177 3

11,905 6 1®1 10,824 10 6 i°,759 11 9l 12,339 17 8 15,168 16 g| 16,673 19 id 19,230 4 4j 19,925 9 7i

io,733 19 16,878 10 20,285 4

22,742 12 II4 12,283 7 5f 18,000 15 10 20,534 3 10 20,989 2 5

20,266 15 5$ 22,025 8 d

18,064 2 ij 17,122 18 3]

18,836 8 —i

23,686 7 4i

15,873 7 8i 19,547 5 5l

21,795 18

18,656 12 15,661 2

l8,7‘21 11 21,023 IO 10 j 21,520 l6 7} 16,806 10 8}.

-S5,i 18 3

2j

9

3?

22,925 15 2*2,330 — 22,270 3 19,626 16 14,658 15 24,806 2

24,125 2 25,380 2

4

6ji

5i

d

19,040 9 — 18,857 5 5? 20,191 5 51*

total

£• «. i

1 H.345 13 1

237.614 4 5J

57,223 1 5

452,48i 10 5

78,766 1 (|| 381,784 15 i, *9,631 5 6 444,277 I 1;

437,951 4 5i

231,199 U n] '33483 2 U,

399-501 10 4!

125,161 9 ij 82,421 8 9 128,837 3 ni 107,486 16 4j

41,118 19 2

382,612 1J 93,497 8 2* 101,855 8 jj 56,564 16 1 180,676 18 — 120,026 17 2; •45,595 16 fj

17,217 14 8 *0,476 15 101 19,928 12 loj 134,715 1

80,329 4 5, 24621S6 6 402,049 9 280,889 4 li)

57,8i9 10 1

IOO40I 12 4!

76.55813 ;i 313,517 1 4i

73,089 18 48 261,426 5 ?i 152,111 13-

351,81518 ‘i

4i,7fi3 6 ?•! 301,679 4 51 '53,.301 '6 3; 477,o86 12 -j 89,655 13 5i 412,496 4 6) 160,170 16 ;4 478,295 1 5l

98,091 5 10 342,978 9 11

60,833 7 ", 405,291 16 9.

70,467 U "4 543,83' '7 "1 ii3.3'5 '4 i° 718,320 8 li;

83.47:’, '5 525.765 *4 126,14* *1 '* 703,753 7 2 71.4702 y

156,183 9" 237,888 4 174,187 10

103,034

536,823 15

84,790 4 Ci

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

691

the Receiver General of Excite—continued.

Payments on Account of the Revenue Credited in Distribution.

£. s. d.

72.359 9? 8,657 6 2.} 14,465 8 10J

10,421 4 8*

2.3,733 6 loj

11,058 16 4 j

Payments on Account of the Revenue Not credited in Distrihution.

13,428 5

33,495 13 11

20,3-28 14 —?

6,593 12 5t

11,203

1 8}

11,000 18 10}

10,273 4 n 23,418 12 1.3

424 13 6

L' (l'

23.742 14 11

*3^*5 li

15,024 1*2 L .[■

6/»'5 9 11 10,208 6 24

3,070 17 2

13,514 10 3 3 0,609 1 10

29,300 2 4

3*01 11 7 28,731 10 2j 6,200 -2 — 20,459 2 91

3-924 15 0

15,381 1-2 — i 5,3°7 + 7

10,038 8 10?

6,037 16 6

28,927 4 gi 6,743 2 5i 32,863 16 2|

13,20-2 10 4

18,751 19 g\ 13,966 7

3,404 9 6

.'■.•>.4 7 17 9 3,9 >9 17 3 5,3 >4 11 io? 19-' 39 1 31

16,092 5 9?

20,814 4 6

12,392 18 5

3*354

13*951

G59*

27,636

3MS*

*3,9^3

*,045

13*575

13

5

16

5

4

8

9

9]

3

10 j 10 i 8-1 10

12,249 6

4,184 4

i,<H7 3

64,644 1 y 2) 28,331 12 *3,*7* 7 3,556 3

11,768 6

11,623 1 —i

13*077 9 91

13*0*9 4 5.1 0,226 19 2 A 17*49 13 5.?

3,77s — 4 3*903 8 11 4*59s 16 3

19,996 1

*,331 5

10,848 14

4*7* 5

40,607 4

4*433 1* 17,150 18 5*343 1*

3?

9

*f

1

1G

iv

o

9

24,064 9 ioi

*,s73 13 6

17,819 2 10

discharge.

Payments

balances.

69 8 10

71 1:

1,312 12 5-i

1,706 9 li

12,318 14 11]

8

4,184 4

i,(H7 3

64,716 7 6i

28,331 12 8

*5>*7* 7 4

*23,884 17 6

13,080 19 1

OH Account of Sundries. TOTAL PAYMENTS. r Ih the Bank of England. In the Office Cheff 1 In the Hands of Private Bankers; viz. Messrs. Smith, Payne, and Smitlis. TOTAL.

£■ d. £■ s. d. £■ s. d. £■ s. d. £ (/. £■ s. d.

" — - 23,742 H 11 83,076 7 11 . 5,526 10 3 - - 1»2,345 13 1

*9 3 n h 18*43 2 7-1 143,°33 13 5 81,335 8 55 - - - 237,614 4 si

115 8 —i 15,740 — d 17,693 10 8 23,789 11 - - - 57,223 2 5

" 79,014 12 8./ 329,817 11 4 43,649 6 44 - - - 452,481 IO 5

99 4 01 0 k 10,307 10 6 34.817 7 6 27,581 9 9i - - - 78,766 7 9

- - 11,734 3 4i 330,864 8 3 39.186 3 74 - - - 381,784 15 *2

’ 5^9 17 H 14,1,34 7 i»f 54,3'4 3 9 21,232 13 9 4 - - - 89,631 5 6

97 15 ‘2 21,172 5 11 37°,577 19 1 52,526 16 - - 444,277 1 i2

- - 29,500 2 4l 354,663 14 9 53.088 7 ^4 , 437,952 4 52

- - 15,622 16 3i 178,65° 9 11 ? 39,040 6 8 - - - 231,299 12 111

71 13 4 28,803 3 (>1 27.554 9 . 1 11) 77,125 10 4 - - - 133,483 2 112

229 15 7 £ 3°,i°3 4 S'i 317.727 14 ill 51,610 10 lij - - - 399-501 10 4±

46 18 — 31-564 17 2 70, Sol 12 <i 22,794 19 6 - - - 125,161 9 i2

70 — Si 3.994 15 i 53*4* 10 8] 25,004 2 6 - - - 82,421 8 9

48719 15,869 11 A°:i 77*1 *5 14 r% i O t 35,841 17 9*4 - - - 128,837 3 nj

7113 4 5,378 17 11 43*575 6 9 58,532 11 Si - - - 107,486 16 4*

- - 10,238 8 10i 4.803 15 52 26,076 14 9i _ m 41,118 19 2

1,680 17 — J 21,140 19 4 324.744 12 3i 3,;,72l 2 1 - - - 382,612 13 H

- - 28,927 4 9i 37,148 16 1A 27,421 7 34 - - - 93-497 8 *4

71 13 4 6,81415 81,816 11 — 13,224 1 6 - - - 101,855 8 34

- - 32,863 16 *4 4,031 14 19,669 5 32 - - - 56,564 1C 2

S}S 5 oA ‘ 14,040 16 li 118,447 6 4l 57,1."8 15 (>4 - - - 189,676 18 —

2,636 14 21,3^8 13 10 J 74,393 3 9 24,244 19 74 - - - 120,026 17

100 5 4 14,006 13 ii 90,831 — 3i 40,698 3 3i - " " 12 5,595 16 8|

_ . 3*4°4 9 6 5,844 3 4i 7,969 1 9i . - 17,217 14 8

• - 5*47 17 9 6+.3°3 8 4i 10,925 9 9i - - 80,476 15 io|

19 7 3*939 4 5i - - 15,989 8 - 19,928 12 104

36 6 oi 5*350 18 S| 92,079 3 5 37,295 — - - 134*7*5 2 2

— 14 3$ 19*639 15 ^-1 3.945 10 7:i 5°,743 18 *i - - X So,329 4 5

25 16 -4 16,118 1 i°i 215,122 9 9 15.745 15 —i - - " 24^,0*-6 6 72

- - 20,814 4 6 352,i6i 11 10 20,973 12 10J - - - 402,029 9 *4

00 CO 0 ii 1*496 6 61 O 7* C« 15 8^ 56,122 2 - " _ 280,889 4114

m _ 3*354 13 . _ 12,5°2 16 5l 41,962 — 7i -- 157,819 10 1

82 17 4* 14*034 3 2 5°,l°5 15 4^ 3°,35i 13 10 - - " 100,491 1*2 4i

- .1,592 16 3. n*i45 10 si 63,8‘jo •7 1 - - 76,558 13 72

13* 15 8? *7*7°9 1 74 241,914 — 4;>,844 — 34 - 313,527 * 2 42

3»*48* 4 loi 6,666 13 64 34.941 — — - - 73,089 18 42

- *3*9s3 8 si 222,419 14 T— 15.023 3 1 - 261,426 . 5 9i

_ . 30*41 3 0 96,6 ss 3 — 19,282 6 3 - " - . I5*,ui 13 —

17S05 1 7 i5,3So 1 316,871 2 vh 19*;')74 14 3i " " 351,825 18 li

*659

71 13 4 _ 4 2

67 18 4

98 12 8j

3812 2.j

*7°*373 i(i 10

2,6*24 8 8|

364,2*2*2 5 3 A

22,1*24 15 7*i 366,849 14 si 1 >‘2,085 5

434, >44 7

31

+i

11,6:3 1 —?

14,783 18 11 13,029 4 5?

0,-2-id 19 ‘is

t,843 6 n1,

14,981 3 —4

3,963 8 11

15,599 15 1’

20.022 7 —? 12,504 9 11? 10,848 14 2?

•: 7,00-2 10 (if 40,607 4 n?

5,438 16 3?

17,150 18 of 5,411 11 1 i

24,163 2 7

3,208 7 —

17,819 2 lo£

42,167 17 2?

272,704 14 11.}

11,7'8 9 4i

4-13,6-25 li — i - ‘23,8.53 6 4?

5 24-i 44 9?

72,685 12 g? 662,765 9 7}

17,492 3

502,700 11

60,797 15 634,031 12

7,009 2

123,794 18 — 165,051 3 7 139,597 11

*4

ii

84

8:',

44

1,439 — *S 497.670 5 9 11,283 12 —

30,405 19 7}

•27,121 3 6?

49,121 3 Hi 47,721 8 n

38>772 13 94

21,947 .11 8j 13,174 2 4}

30,643 3 9i

16

4

43,873 54,973 36,105 1.3 42,439 5

30,77° ‘7 4,606 14 36,666 13 39,955 4

45,959 5 6 8,560 12 io|

2 2

3 i°?

14 1 iS;

4

10}

2S

6}

8,

1?

5?

54,495 42,039 . 23,862 27,954 To 7f 55,686 2 6} 7 Ui

29,278

77>452 3 34

35,846 2 11} 55,693 9 8

426 11 426 11 426 11 426 11 426 11

2

*2

-2

2

2

426 11 2

4*26 11 2

42,763 6 91 301,679* 4 5?

53,392 16 3}

477,086 12 —§

89,655 13 -i

412,406 4 6£

lf)O,170 l6 3|

478,295 1 si 98,091 5 Id

34-2,078 9 11

60,852 7—.

' 495,-91 16 9k 7°h‘67 h —3 543,831 17 ni 413,315 14 10 718,320 8 llj

8*3,473 15 8

523,765 14 —i

126,141 12 lj 7°3>733 7 2

71,479 2 4

156,183 9t 1 li 237.888 4;io|

v 174,287 -10 111; , , •

,7 1.

' 163,054, .6 —.

536,823 15 9 ,. 84 771-6 4 -6$

___L-—.—. ■'!

IN the Discharge Part of this Account, that Form has been adopted which appeared the most perlpicuous, as that of the Soe But b order to shew the «*« Rest, in the Hands of the Receiver Genera., it u necessary to

VOL. 60. 10 S

being the mull apposite to subjoin Two further Items which

Appendix, (No. 62.)

• 5°'/m7 ii,

continued.

Appendix,

(No. 6a.) 5* Julii,

oomtmusd.

892 Appendix. 1805.

An Account of the Balanced remaining with the Receiver General of Excise—continued.

which coaid not, as it is apprehended, have been introduced into the Body of the mein Account without confuting it; viz. The Balances in the Receiver's Hands on account of the Charity Fund; and the Amount, so far back as it can he made out from the Books of this I Office, of sundry Miscellaneous Sums due to various Persons, and remaining in the Hands of the Receiver Generaion the fever*! Days named in the Order of the House of Commons.

Date. Charity Mifcdlaneous.

1793-5th January - - £ 1,110 3. 6 d. 3 c * d.

5th March - - - 1,54° 2,203 — —i —

5U1 April - - - 15 loj —*

5th June - - - 629 — H —4

5th July - - - 1,148 4 3 i lii —

5th September - - 1,406 4 —

5th October - - - 5.892 4 2i —■

5th December - - 4.48i 11 7i

1794- H

5th January - - - 4,818 1 —*

5th March - - - - 5.008 6 —

5th April - - - - 5.967 17 ioj —

5th June - - - 725 4 7 —

5th July - - - 1,264 10 —J —

5th September - - - 1,530 6 7i 3,703 15 Hi

5th October - - - - 2,036 14 10 1,606 l8 8

gth December - 406 2 3 3,348 8 ioJ

1795- 33

5tlf January - - - - 695 14 11 1,765 —

5th March - - - - 942 7 u§ 4.317 7 H

5th April - - - - 1,822 15 2 18,925 16 4*

5th June - - - 559 13 il 5,925 3 33

5th July - - - 836 15 2,5H — 41

5th September - - - 1,324 9 2 4,193 16 94

5th October - - - - 1,609 17 n£ 2,960 IO 44

5 th December - - - 852 4 •2! M94 19 94

1796.

5th January- - J,138 12 4 772 19 5f

5th March - - l,4‘22 7 5$ 3,69514 1

5th April - - 2,296 6 2 1,889 — -4

5th June - - - 1,190 19 6 4,41410 4f

5th July - - - 1,461 15 92 1,79115 3i

5th September > ' 1,980 7 5,633 9 24

5th October - - 2,227 9 10 3,435 7 -i

5th December - 882 18 5 1,861 4 64

1707-

5th January - - 1,464 7 7 1,702 6 10

5th March - - >,769 15 6} 10,364 1 s

5th April - - 2,593 2 3 677 14 94

5th June - - - 2,050 19 4* 754 5 4l

5th July - * - 2,286 2,863 2 lol 583 4 _A

5th September - 7 6 1,363 — 8

5th October - - 3,049 17 11 j 613 6 6

5th December - 1,955 16 H 2,918 l6 9

1798.

5th January - - 2,314 7 9l 14,479 6 —i

5th March - - 2,866 6 4$ 1,359 * 44

5th April - - 3,080 18 11} 1,04* 15 63

5th June - - - 3,055 1 3i 2,559 —

5th July - - - 3,237 2 io? 932 n ~9h

5th September - 3,627 7 'll 2,453 7 11

5th October - - 3,997 14 822 14 llj

5th December - 1,546 9 72 3,474 — 14

1799.

5th January - - - 1,865 13 6| 3,752 12 44

5th March - - 3,302 15 8 1,348 8 Hi

Date. Charity. Mifceilaneous.

«799- £ s. d. £■ s. d.

5th April - - - - 2,644 3 5i 1,183 7 Hi

5th June - - - 1,581 13 5i 2,544 10 4*

5th July - - - 3,114 '7 2 843 11 loi

5th September - - - 3,3»7 11 6? 3,221 18 2i

5th October - - - - 3,880 1 34 1,345 16 n

5th December - - 2,877 2 — 4-399 8 •0

1800.

5th January - - - - 3,386 7 2,437 11 Hi

5th March - - - - 3,855 '7 Hi 6,133 1 ‘4

5th April - - - - 4,168 13 4i 4,662 'J. •i

5th June - - - 3,416 H 8 3,219 11 7

5th July - - - 4,655 18 8] 2,557 5 5 i

5th September - - - 4,911 16 74 3,349 18 4

5th October - - - -■ 5,370 6 3l 2,153 10 5 b

5th December - - - 1,037 4 4 3,‘35 14 3

1801.

5th January - - - - 1,578 17 74 1,753 7 -i

5th March - - - - 2,08l 16 4 8O4 11 5

5th April - - - - 2,586 17 7 i 1,425 17 4i

5th June - - - 2,386 13 84 4,010 10 11

5th July - - - 2,613 5 34 790 8 11

5 th September - - - 2,996 15 94 2,534 15 si

5th October - - - 3,424 '7 11 1,388 18

5th December - - - 1,980 '7 8 3,627 4 T$

1802.

5th January - - - - 2,422 7 ioJ 1,508 16

5 th March - - - - 2,752 4 —4 5,981 13 l«i

5th April - - - - 3,245 — 9 826 9 si

5th June - - - ',73' '4 3i 2,603 14 li

5th July - - - 3,369.16 n4 73815 3i

5 th September - - - 3,754 '3 —4 2,298 4 8|

5th October - - - - 3,964 13 34 ',53* '5 loi

5th December - - - 3,002 4 1 1,74513 7$

1803.

5th January - - - - 3,613 17 -4 1,645 3 1

5th March - - - - 4,2*3 9 71 2,367 l|

5th April - - - - 4,448 11 6 1,04919 4

5th June - - - 4,545 5 7i 4,167 3 1

5th July - - - 4,772 7 34 1,204 9 7!

5th September - - - 5,128 — li 3, H7 19 4i

5th October - - - - 5,594 3 14 1,921 4 7

5th December - - - 4,162 12 24 2,753 4 li

1804.

5th January - - - - 4,727 3 3! 1,810 11

5th March - - - - 5,105 1 94 5,206 2 li

5th April - - - - 5,570 6 44 1,185 — A

5th June - - - 4,516 15 64 10,016 64

5th July --- 4,728 7 3i 3,815 4 n

5th September - - - 5,3f)0 18 34 6,359 7 -i

5th October - - - - 5,572 5 64 5,852 18 11I

5 th December - - - 927 H 44 10,742 — 10

1805.

5th January - - - - 1444 15 1,4 9,180 17 ioJ

5th March - - - - 1,883 15 1 8,035 8 5

5th April- - - - - 2,432 17 li 4,488 — ni

Excise Office, London, 7 4th July 1805. \

J. Kemp,

Accomp' General.

The Charity Money is paid to the Receiver General in small Occasional Payments, and repaid by hir half-yearly, in one gross Sum, to the person appointed to receive the same, for the use of those to whom it i due. The Miscellaneous Sums are, from the time they are respectively credited to the Receiver Genera payable on Demand; and, except the Sum of ^.401. 9. —J. which has been lying in his Hands for man Years patt, all those (landing in this Account were probably paid in the course of from two to ten Days lhe above-mentioned Sum of ^.401. 9. —h. Rands in the Books of the Receiver’s Office, under the so lowing Heads:

Old Reds, anting by Fradions ...... . _ 3 3?

His Royal Highness Frederick late Prince of Wales ...... 400-----

Salaries and Incidents, between 29th September 1744 and 29th September 1746 1 5

Geo. Dennis, lft Clerk to Receiver General.

tComp^lfcr thiBks it necessary to date, that although he takes an Account*)

to I0VhtE*cif*°®ce Receiver General Charles

to the Bank, he haa nevertheless no Controul whatever over it, when once depo- C C

filed there, except for the Exchequer Payments, when his Signature is also ne- I

ceflary in addrUon tothat of the Receiver General, or his Deputy’s. On the

JSTSTw! P^Y-1 lodged in the Bank in the Receiver General’s name only, it solely at his Disposal, andconfequently the Comptroller conceives that *0 Responsibility can attach tt him with respect to iu conc«ves that

JF* Cobby

i(l Clerk to the Comptr of Cal

.401

The foregoing Account, so far as it respects my Office, is, to the bed of ray Knowledge and Belief* strictly true.

G. J. Cholmondeley,

Receiver General.

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

893

AN ^C H? U ? If of the. B A.LJA N^ES remainin8 with the Receiver General of the Post-Office, on' the 5 th day of January, the 5th day Of March, the 5th day of April, the 5th day of June, the 5th day of July, the Sth day of September, the 5th day

\fr (.fterWand thu 5th da^, of Diecember; from the year 1793 inclusive, to the 5th day of April left; in the hands of John Mortlock, Esquire, Receiver General of the Poll-Office.

1793: £■ f. d. 1797: £ s. d. 1801; £. s. d:

January - - 5th. >7.»37 >4 — j January - - 5th. *3>122 13 — January - * 5th. 1.141 10 S

March - - 4th. 22,440 17 5 March - 6th. 23,648 1 7 March - - 3d. 1,410 19 11

April - - 5th. 31,407 12 4 | April - - - 5th. 24,852 l6 8 April - - 5th. i,975 6 U

June - - - 3d- 37,971 9 3 June - - - 5th. 31,480 15 it June - . - 8th. 1,293 13 7

July - - - 5th. 33,730 10 2 July - - - 5th. 22,881 17 7 July - - - 5th. 1,005 8

September - 2d. 31,673 13 3 September - 4th. 34,8*0 4 3 September 7th. 2,192 15 4

October - - loth. 30,403 18 5 October - - loth. 3*',9*6 3 9 October - - 10th. 1,891 10 8

December - 2d. 33,865 6 3 December - 4th. 25,297 9 — December - 7th. 1,692 17 3

1802:

1794: 1798: January - - 5th. 3,769 17

January - . - 5th. 30,518 15 9 January - 5th. 19,982 8 — March - - 8th. 1,336 — 5

March - - 3d- 33,699 13 8 March - - 5 th. 8,997 17 5 April - - 5th. 1,9<$2 1 9

April - - 5 th. 34,809 11 2 April - - 5th. 4>985 3 11 Juae - - - 7th. 1,996 6 4

June - - - 2d. 35,533 5 3 June - - - 4th. 8,8 ti 15 5 July ... 5th. 1,946 16 9

July - - - 5th. *8,179 H 3 July - - - 5th. 12,711 15 2 September - 6th. 1*364 — 4

September - 8th. 29,104 16 4 September - 3d. 8,218 14 8 October - - 10th. 2,229 1 a

October loth. 30,603 7 3 October - - 10 th. 6,701 7 2 December 6th. 1,400 18 8

December - lft. 33,697 15 10 December - 3d. 2,583 19 4 1803:

January - - 5th. 4,198 17 6

1795 •* >799 = March - - 7th. 2,830 6 6

April - 5th. 3,237 3 5

January - - 5th. 33.6*5 H 8 January - 5 th. 2,682 16 2 June - - - 6th. 2,846 3 1

March - - 2d. 37.879 >4 5 March - - 4th. 671 a 4 July - - - 5th. 5,451 —

April - - 5th. 14,444 19 * April - - - 5th. 1,3*7 10 3 September - 5th. *,631 9 11

J une - - 8th. *9,*3 15 9 June - - - 3d. 1,548 15 1 October - - 10th. M>3 »4 10

July - - - 5th. *0,717 11 9 July - - - 5>h. 2,292 11 6 . December - 5th. 1,359 2 11

September - 7th. 27,806 15 6 September - 2d. 1,873 9 1

October - - loth. 19,793 — 7 October - - 10th. 2,284. 17 3 1804: *

December - 7th. 27,615 18 10 December 2d. Mil 6 10 January - - 5th. 5,302 6 4

March - 5th. 1,991 >3 9

April... 5th. 6,140 7 l

1796: 1800: June ... 4th. 2,547 9 9

January - - 5th. 31,139 6 — January - - 5th. 1,673 18 t July ... 5th. September - 3d. 6,607 7 2,642 16 IO 8

March - 7th. *5,504 5 1 March - - 3d- i»749 1 6

October ~ - 10th. 6,54.0 0 T

April - - 5th. 25,*0* *4 7 April - - - 5th. 1,107 18 10 December - 3d. 3,164 H 4

June - - - 6thi *7,5*7 15 6 June - - - 2d. 1,130 0 11

July - - - 5th. 28,875 12 10 July - - - 5*. 1,537 4 5 1805:

September - 5th. 25,313 4 6 September - 8th. 1,953 19 3 January - - 5th. 5,6l8 7 11

October - - 10th. 28,754 8 11 October - - 10th. *,943 4 7 March - - 4th. 2,283 15 A

December - 5th. 27,396 3 11 December - lft. 2,127 19 1 April - - 5th. 4.654 1 1

Examined per

July 5th, 1805.

Tho* Church, Deputy Account* General.

A STATEMENT of BALANCES in the Hands of the Receivers General of the Stamp Duties; from the 5th day of

January 1793 to the 5th day of April 1805.

1793: January

March - -

April - -

June - -July - -September October December -

• 5-

- 5-

- 5-

• 5*

- 5-

• 5*

• 5*

- 5*

John Refs Mackye, Esq.

34,985 3 8

Joseph Smith, Esq.

33*99* 3 3 39,330 12 — 14,644 6 11 31,40a 17 * »595 5

10,799 4 —

53.3o8 4 6

In the Bank of England.

D°.

D°.

D°.

D°.

D°.

D®.

D°.

1794:

January March April - -June - -July r -September October -December

- 5-

- 5-

• 5-

- 5-

- 5-

- 5-

• 5-

- 5-

30,797 17 — 39>393 11 11

35,333 -

*7.974 3 6 36,514 12 a J. 4,476 7 8 8,608 16 1

25,213 16 7

In the p^nk of England.

D\

D*.

D*.

D®.

D°.

D\

D°-

D*.

A. The Accounts are now finally closed on the 5th of January; they were formerly closed on tho ift of August, when tho whole of tho

Balance in hand was paid into the Exchequer.

Appendix,

(Na 62.)

5* Julit, continued.

8* Julii.

S94

Appendix,

(No. 62.) 8° Julii,

Wiinval.

Appendix.

Statement of Balances in the Hands of the Receivers General of the Stamp Duties—continued.

A. 1805/

*795;

s. d.

J January - 5* 87.874 14 7

March - - - 5* 24,211 17 4

April - - - 5. 16.447 2 11

June - - - 5® 22,935 2 9

July - - - 5® 44,554 5 1

September - - 5. A. 10,492 1 6

October - - 5® 31,349 5 3

December - - 5- 50,922 6 4

1796:

January - 5® 48,90413 10

March - - - 5® 26,475 19

April - - - 5® 33,615 2 8

June - - - 5® 68,076 16 3

July - - 5- 45,760 5 11

September - - 5- 3,373 10 ■

October - -December - -

'797*

January March -

April - -June - -July - - -September - -October - -December - -

5. n,i49 13 8

5. 61,871 7 7

- 5* 3^,175 9 7

- , 5- 32,651 14 10

- 5. 60,448 2 4

- 5. 61,722 6 6

5. 61,113 2 8

5. A. 8,102 10 6 5. 20,748 9 —

5. 56,817 19 3

1798: January March - -April- - -June ' - -July - -September October December

1799: January March April * -June - - . July - -September October -December -

1800:

5

5-

5-

5®

5®

5*

5*

January

March -

April - -June - -

July - -September October -December -

- 5®

- * 5-

- 5.

- 5®

- 5®

- 5®

- 5®

• 5®

59,069 — —

* 47.529 4 4

51,382 10 2

7°,737 '3 2

26,314 9 —

A. 26,215 9 " 27,996 "1 6

99,087 9 3

91.241 5 2

51,529 13 5 51,369 12 3 70,504 14 7. 62,705 8 1

A* 5,705 — 2 22,006 17 11 41,56817 5

The ex art Balance was paid into the Exchequer on the 5th Jan. 1800, according to the annual Custom.

47,149 — 68,246 15 53,867 2 So,084 10 76,954 7 '09,544 4

78,009 16 —

Stamp Office, July 3, 1805.

In the 1801: The exart Balance was paid into the Exchequer In the

Bank of England. , D°. January - - 5. on the 5th Jail. 1801, according to the annual Custom. Bank of England

D®. -

D°. March - - - 5. 56,109 14 5 D°.

Dr April - - - 5. 69,336 1 8 D°.

Dr June - - - 5. 69,073 17 n D*.

Dr July ... 5. 77,890 2 11 D°.

D®. September - - 5. 76,290 10 2 D*.

I October - - 5. 156,260 9 8 D°.

I December - 5. 103,410 7 11 D°.

I Drt -

| D°.

| Dr 1802: The exart Balance was

paid into the Exchequer AtiMeflrs.

| Dr , January - - 5. on the 5th Jan. 1802, Biddulph, Cocks,

I D°. according to the annual and Company.

Custom.

Dr,

Dr March - - - 5. 35,656 7 1 D°.

j Dr April - - - 5. 27,504 6 6 I)°.

1 June - - - 5. 146,007 7 10 D\

1 D#‘ I Dr July - - - 5. 58,365 8 8 D®.

September - 5. 115,655 9 2 ])°.

October - - 5. 167,325 6 6 l)\

Dr December - - 5. 166,932 4 6 D\

Dr

j D®.

j D°. 1803*. The exart Balance was

- paid into the Exchequer D\

I D*. J D®. January _ - .• 5. on the 5th Jan. 1803, according to the animal

- Custom.

March - - - 5. 60,54415 2 D*.

I D®. April - - - 5. 71,480 2 2 D#.

I D®: June ~ - - 5. 187,096 2 10 D®.

I D®. Vi 1 1 "d >*5 ,28,341 7 7 D°.

1 D* September - - 5. 168,480 4 2 Drt

1 D° \ October - - 5. 142,721 17 8 D®.

I D®. December - - 5. 199,644 10 9 D®.

J D®. . - ■

J D®. -1804; The exart Balance was

j paid into the Exchequer

1 r>*’ January - - 5^ on the 5th Jan. 1804, according to the annual D*.

I)®. Custom.

I D*. March. - - 5. 53,893 4 5

D». April ... 5. 59,545 8 7 D#. •? i

I t>°. June - 5. 62,255 12 3 D°.

I D®. July - - - 5. 70,550 16 4 D°.

I D". September - 5. 111,723 8 1 D°.

I D*’ October - - 5. 169,403 15 11 D\

December - - 5. 163,546 17 10 D°.

£>*. 1805: 71.e exart Balance was 1

1 D*' paid into the Exchequer r D°. j

I D®. January . - 5. on the 5th Jan. 1805, according to the annual

I D®. Custom.

I D* March - - 5. 13,902 5 2 i . D°.

D®. April . 5. 40,403 5 *6 r, . D®.

I D®.

D®. - •

John Tilly, pro Receiver General.

A. The Accounts are now finally closed on the 5th of January; they were formally closed on the ift of Auruft when the whole of the

1 Balance in haud wa» paid into the Exchequer. "

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

895

An ACCOU NT of the NAMES of the Parties into whose Names the Navy, Victualling, and Tran*t>ort Bills, Funded in the years 1794’ 179!>t and *796* were respectively written up at the Bank of England; where the Sum has exceeded the Sum of £. 20,000. to each Name.

In Navy £.5. per-Cent. Ann4 1794.

The Governor and Company of the Bank of England -

Sir Richard Carr Glynn, Knight, of Birchin-lane Francis Gulling - - * of Fleet-street, Banker John Hill - - - of Lombard-street, Banker Henry Merrik Iloare - of Fleet-street* Esquire of Lombard-street, Banker of Bank Buildings, Esquire - - of Pall-mall, Banker

of Temple-bar* Gent, of the Strand, Banker of the Strand, Banker

George Lee -Felix Lad broke William Noble - * Harry Smith - - -William Sanby, jun. -Coutts Trotter - -

John Hill - -Charles Hoare George Lee - -William Noble -Richard Ofwin -Richard Percivai John Perkins John Ribes

—In 1795-—

Edward Forfter and John Alden Clarke - - of)

London, Bankers (

- of LonibarcL-street, Banker

- - of Fleet-sheet, Esquire

- of Lombard-street, Banker

- - - of Pall-mall, Banker

- - of Lombard-street, Gent.

- of liOinbard-street, Banker of the Stock Exchange, Gent.

- of the Haym.u ket, Gent. The Corporation of the Royal Exchange AlVurance The Royal Bank of Scotland -Harry Smith - of the Stock Exchange, Gent. Coutts Trotter - - - of the Strand, Banker John Hinton Tritton, of Lombard-street, Banker The Honourable Richard Walpole - of Lombard- 7

street, Banker 3

—In 1796.—

Philip Antrohus - of the Stock Exchange, Gent. Jonn Atkins and Abraham Atkins - of Wall-brook, Merchants; and Thomas Collier - of Somerset-house, Esquire J Josiah Barnard - - - - of Cornhill, Banker Francis Biddulph - of Charing cross, Banker William Bowman, jun. of Banker

John Cornwall - of Bartholomew lane, Banker Ditto ——

John Cornwall, jun. - - - of London, Banker

K ac Cturie ----- of Cornhill, Banker Wiilunl Champion - *■ City Road, Old-street, 7

Vinegar Merchant ( Charles Drummond - of Charing-cross, Esquire William Efdaiie - - of Lombard-street, Banker

£■ 1. d.

613,719 10 2

25,737 — 11

20,715 10 8

43,163 9 11

237,989 4 3

28,678 M 8

23,176 6 7

22,275 3 10

39*707 3 6

28,609 11 4

115,298 9 3

21,101 1 10

77,221 5 1

112,227 10 5

24-321 1 2

32,839 H 11

23,092 1*2 6

69,244 19 1

3',533 2 —

22,702 7 6

27,406 9 11

119,601 12 8

60,358 14 2

125,161 19 5

61,893 — —

35,884 17 7

23,669 16 9

51,949 12 —

25,397 3 8

4',364 12 1

20,79.5 5 1

120.001 5 9

S 1.875 2 9

48,724 2 8

4L255 3 4

24,088 9 5

140,815 17 5

25,189 *4 5

Thomas Harvie Farqnhar, of Saint jamesVstreet 7

Esquire 3

Edward Forfter, and John Alden CUrkt - Man- 7 fion-1ioufe street, Bankers' 3 Pafcoe Grenfell, junior - Spriru-g irdens, Esquive George Grote - - ThreadncecUe-street, Banker John Helm - - - - Stock Exchange, Gent.

John Hill - - - - Lombard-street, Banker

Ditto -

Ditto -

William Hancock, Prince's-street, Lotbbtiry, Gent. Augustus Robert Hankey - Fenchurch-street, 7

Banker j

Henry Merrik Hoare - - Fleet-street, Esquire Henry Hoare ----- Ditto - -

William Henry Hoare * - - - Dittb - -Charles Hornvold - - - - Cornhill, Banker

John Pooley Kensington - Lombard-street, Banker Ditto - -

George Lee - - - - Lombard-street, Banker

Richard Lee ----- Ditto -

Felix Ladbroke - Ditto

John Martin Ditto Daniel Mildred -

Ditto William Moffat

William Marsh Richard Percivai George Peters - -

- Bank-buildings, Esquire

- Lombard-street, Banker,

White-hart-court, Lombard- 7 street, Banker 3

QueenVsquare, Bloomsbury, 7 Esquire )

Norfolk-street, Navy-A^:ent - - Lombard-street, Banker

- - Old Bethlem, Esquire

£■ s. d.

25,717 18 4

128,017 17 ii

2 2 12 7

5 7 8 7

l — — 11 »3 7

7 4 18 10 16 10 11 — 11 7 16 2

Gerard Sorer, White-hart-court, Lombard stree <, )

Gent. 1

Samuel Sanders - of Denmark-lull, Camberwell, )

Timber Merchant ) William Sandby, junior - w - Strand, Banker Claude Scott - - Upper Gower-street, Esquire George Smith - George street, Mansion-house,'|

Banker j

John Hinton Tritton - Lombard-street, Banker Ditto - ,-

Coutts Trotter - Strand, Esquire

Ditto -

Lewis Teiffier - - Old Broad-street, Merchant The Honourable Richard Walpole * Lombard- )

street, Banker j"

Ditto

John Whitehead - - Basinglnill-street, Banker

45’1 *7

•23,525

36,355

238,103

155,572

104,876

155,791

34>°57

86,954 125,562 20,840 10,616

93>°ii

119,681

25,189

29,352

46,094

61,050

97,312

26,432

22,563

26,150

46,345

29,03 f 98,575 26,761

28,009

*4 i

15 5

9

12 10

18 8

19 6

4 * 2 11

10 4

10 3 8 2 2 3

8 3

20,274 11

36.651 16

5<M3* H 46,023 1

152,797 17

49,488 — 618,106 3 63,180 3

25,122 12

43»318 17

20.651 3

34>4*>7 6

3

3

9

6

4

9

6

9

1

9

4

An ACCOUNT of the NAMES of the Parties into whose Names the Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, Funded* in the year 1796, were written up at the Bank of England, where the Sum has exceeded £*20,000. to each Name, in the £.4*per-Cent. Annuities.

Joseph Ainfley, of Broad-street, Wapping, Esquire William Chatteris - of Lombard-street, Banker Thomas Everett, of Mansion-house-street, Banker John llill - - - of Lombard-street, Banker

John Pooley Kensington, of Lombard-street, Banker

£■ £ «• rf*

25,225 2 11 Felix Ladbroke - - of Bank-buildings, Esquire 3«,997 >4 5

27,306 8 9 George Smith - of Mansion-house-street, Banker 23,697 6 7

23,733 12 7 Harry Smith - - of Temple-Bar, Gentleman 20,708 9 3

49>898 7 5 56,794 4 3 John Hinton Tritton * of Lombard-street, Banker 20,262 14 11

An ACCOUNT of the N A M E S of the Parties into whose Names the Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, Fundeb in the year 1796, in the Consolidated £. 3-per-Cent. Annuities, were respectively written up at the Batik of England, where the Sum has exceeded the Amount of £.20,000. to each Name.

John Julius Angerftein - - - - of Pall-mall Lewis Agaifiz - of Fenchurch-street, Merchant Philip Antrobus - - of Stock Exchange, Gr John Anderson, and Alexander Anderson - of 7 Philpot-lane, Merchants ) Thomas Aftiness, of Cateaton street, Warehouseman John Bagwiil - - of Stock Exchange, Gent. Robert Buchanan - of - - ditto - Gent. Edward Gale Boldcro - - of London, Banker

George Brown - of Sun-court, Threadneedle- )

street, Merchant) Francis Biddulph - of Charing-cross, Banker Benjamin Barnard - - - of London, Banker Thomson Bonar - - of Old Bethlem, Esquire John Bond - - of Crutched Friars, Merchant

Samuel Bosanquet - - of Foveft-house, Esquire

George Clay - of Old Broad-street, Merchant John Cornwall, junior - - of London, Banker Isaac Currie - of Cornhill, Banker William Chatteris - of Lombard-street, Banker John Carftairg - - of Abchurch-lane, Esquire Capel Cur« - - of Fenchurch-street, Merchant

s. d.

124,452 H 8

25,848 H —

54,686 11 4

51,907 2 5

28,160 7 9

21,774 16 3

21,065 2 8

225,828 — 2

54,245 5 1

28,891 16 6

24.674 5 3

HL953 10 11

20,347 5 1

21,939 17 7

20,716 1 7

450,906 13 10

345,993 12 3

101,610 5 —

30,784 4 6

22,925 12 4

Anthony Clarke - - of Stock Exchange, G* Charles Snell Chauncy - of Austin Friars, Esquire William Dawes - of Threadneedle-street, Gent. Richard Down - of Bartholomew-lane* Esquire Charles Douglas, and Charles Chevallier - of 7 the Stock Exchange, Gents. J Charles Drummond - of Charing-crois, Esquire Alexander Douglas - of Finlbury-square, Esquire David Day - of Little Hermitage, near Rochester Johu Drury - - - of Birchin-lane, Banker John Dixon - - - of Chancery-lane, Banker

William Devon - of Red-lion-square, Esquire

William Efdaiie - of Lombard-street; Banker

Thomas Everett - - - - of London, Banker Thomas Ellis - - of Borough, IIop Merchant Major Gen1 George Bolton Eyers, of Ilarley-street Charles Flower, of Crescent, Minories, Merchant Cuthbert Fillier ----- of the Tower

Thomas Harvie Farquhur - of St. James Vstreet,

Banker

Edward Forfter and John Alden Clarke - of Manlion-house-street, Bankers

10T

22,355

49,747

68,984 3°, >95

s. (1. 1 11 16 — 3 8 1 2

13

14 5 19 1

7 —

8 5

63,746 .9 5 207,109 33,813 20,606

34,494 30,896 20,882 207,6*25 78,734 36,789

20,442 23,677 20,649 17 1 i

41,336 16 — 376,671 12 9

1

10

9

15

2

1

Appendix (No. 63.) JuniL

8D6

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(N». 63.)

Parties in whole Names the Navy, &c. Bills funded in 1796, in the Consols, were written up at the Bank, &c«—continued.

11* Junii,

continued.

Simon Frafer -James Fearns John Gillon - - -Samuel Gift - --Abraham Goidfmid Francis Colling - -John Hill - - -Thomas Hallifax -Henry ifoarc - -Charles HippuflT - -

Augustus Robert Ilankey

of King’s-arnis-yard, Esquire of Percv-street, Merchant

- of the Adelphi, Esquire

► of Gower-street, Esquire

> - of I *ondon, Merchant

- of Fleet-street, Ranker of Lombard-street, Ranker of Finlbuiy-square, Esquire

- of Fleet-street, Esquire

- of Stock Exchange, Gl - of Fenchurch-street,

Ranker J Ditto - - of - Ditto -

Luder Iloftham - - of Mill-stairs, Bermondsey Thomas Helm - - - of Stock Exchange, Gr John IJoliirigsworth - of Threadneedle-street,

Banker y

- of Wapping, Coal Merchant - of Beaufort Buildings, Gl

- - of Stock Exchange, Gl

- - of - - Ditto -

of Stratford Place, Esquire of Little Gaddefden, Herts of Lombard-street, Banker

John Lambert ----- of Corn hill, G* Felix Ladbroke of Bank Buildings, Esquire James Lewis Lucadou and William Smart - of?

Lombard-street, Bankers J James Lockhart, jun. - - of Pall-mall, Banker John Martin - - of Lombard-street, Banker

William Merle ...... of Blackheath

Thomas Malkin - - of Stock Exchange, G* Arnold Mello - - - - of Finch-lane, Banker

William Marsh - of Norfolk-street, Navy Agent Ditto •of - - - Ditto - - -Isaac Minet - - - of Austin Friars, Esquire

Ditto - - - - of - - Ditto - -

Daniel Mildred - - - - of \\ hite-hart-court Ditto ----- of - Ditto - -

Ditto ----- of - Ditto - -

John Motteux and Daniel Bureau - of Walbrook, 7

Merchants 3

William Mount - - of Tower-hill, Stationer

William Noble - - - - of Pall-mall, Banker

Ditto ...... of - Ditto - -

Abraham Newland - - - of the Bank, Gl James Oldham Oldham - of Holborn, Esquire

Jofejih Ilenley James Halford John JIaliord - -James Jenkins - -Richard Johnson -Thomas Jones - -Richard Lee

L-58.414 22,025 23.542 28,601 60,035 — 102,992 11 [1,182,901 7

56,517 *9 160,376 2

42,301

84,260

49,696 20,834 24,510

5

13

d.

10

8

7

7

10

6

6

10

9

John Perkins - - - of Stock Exchange, G* Richard Percival - of Lombard-street, Banker William Parry, junior - - of Aldermanbury,

Merchant y

John Pafley - - - of Gower-street, Esquire John Puget ----- of London, Esquire Francis Huddle - - - of Stock Exchange, G* James Heed and John Parkinson, of Lime-street

l'quare, Merchants)

Samuel Rogers - - -William Mathew Raikes John Tait Shields - -

11

10

6

3

8

9

2

11

5

2

10

12 9 9

155,^26 15

25,026 4 29,030 10 21,345 H 38,150 12 22,340 18 20,217 4 177,221 7 159,7l8 7

400,362 10 —

92,875 19 107,434 2 5 417,841 3 7 29,657 4 11

32,175 9 9 66,451 10 6

32,050 — 11 2,967 8 11

36,126 3 8 41,826 5 9

76,746 7 4 34>H5 15 n 40,605 4 4

60,444 11 —

29,523 2 4 67,422 17 7 123,130 7 11 25,681 7 2

59,286 7 11

- of Cornhill, Banker - of London, Merchant of Buckingham-street,

Merchant j of Temple-bar, Gent, of London, Merchant

Ditto - of -Claude Scott - -William Smith - -

Robert Shedden William Sandby, jun. Jofias Henry Stracey

Harry Smith - - -Philip Sanfum - -Robert Smith - of Fenchurch-street, Merchant Walter Stirling - - - of the Strand, Banker

John Smith - of N# 69, Lombard-street, Banker George Smith - of George-tired, Mansion-house,

Banker j

■ - - Ditto ——

- of Gower-street, Esquire of Lombard-street, Banker

- of Gower-street, Esquire - of the Strand, Banker

- of Berners-street, Banker

John Hinton Tritton - of Lombard-street, Banker Coutts Trotter - - - of the Strand, Banker

Ditto ----- of ditto ——

John Twining - - - of the Strand, Teaman John Towgood - - of Clement s-lane, Banker Ditto - - - of - - Ditto -

Richard Twopeny - - - of Serjeant’s-inn, G1 John Trower- - - - of Stock Exchange G* John Vaughan - - - - of Cornhill, Banker

John Wilson - - of Stoke Newington, Esquire Honourable Richard Walpole, of Lombard-street

Banker )

John Watson - - of Mansion-house-street, ditto George Watts - - - - of Finftmry-place, G*

Ellis Were - - - of Lombard-street, Banker

John Whitehead - of Cateaton-street, Banker Ditto - - - of - - ditto - - -Timothy Williamson - of Great Russell-ftrtet, * [

Esquire j,

Thomas Wilkinson - - - of Saint Mar}-Axe,1

Merchant’

£ s. d.

40,099 1 4

274,990 7

*3,4*7 1 3

37,9 >7 2 ...

23,268 *7 u

63,183 »3 3

33.137 16 11

31,274 19 It

38,883 — 10

3«>,325 12 —

331,6h 3 7

48,191 11 —

*4,549 *3 —

29,644 16 1

255,286 15 5

992,891 11 5

22,738 13 4

275,732 10 2

62,224 8 7

42,298 10 4

31,998 9 11

29,125 11 8

341,367 2 11

1,324,420 6 9

141,809 4 7

21,310 65,678 11 8

16 4

66,279 6 7

35,003 13 2

29,524 1 3

54,h8 9 3

20,642 8

87,204 12 3

122,579 12 4

67,899 5 ft

131,328 11 8

98,480 12 2

6,495 6 2

31,347 19 11

114,378 6 S

Bank of England, ? 2lth June 1805. y

JVm \Valtoriy Acc* Gen*.

Appendix,

(So. 64.)

12* Junii.

11E P O RT of the LORDS COMMISSIONERS for Regulating, Directing, Approving, and Confirming all Sales, and Contracts for Sale, made by Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, and by all Feofees and Trustees for Charitable or other Public Purposes, and by all Persons holding, under any Grant from the Crown, or under any Act of Parliament, any Estates wherein His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, have any Interest or Expedancv, with a Statement of their Proceedings since the 24th of June 1803; distinguishing the Number and Value of the Sales, and Contracts for Sale, approved by the said Commissioners; the Amount of Land Tax redeemed, or to be redeemed, by virtue of such Sales and Contracts for Sale; the Quantity of Stock purchased by the Produce of such S*des; the Gain to the Public resulting from the Proceedings under the said Commission; the Expence incurred, and the Eft united' Value of the entire Property of which the Tenure has been or will be changed by the ElVed of such Sales, or Contracts for Sale.

Tiie Lords Commissioners for regulating, directing, approving, and confirming all Sales, and Contrails for Sale, made by Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, and by all Feoffees and Trustees for charitable or other public Purposes, and by all Persons holding under any Grant from the Crown, or under any Ait of Parliament, any Estates wherein His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, have any Interest or Expedancy ;—having received His Majesty s directions to lay before this House,

A Statement of their Proceedings since the 24th of June 1803, distinguishing the number and value of the Sales, and Contrails for Sale, approved by the said Commissioners; the Amount of Land Tax redeemed, or to be redeemed by virtue of such Sales and Contrails for Sale; the quantity of Stock purchased by the produce of such Sales; the Gain to the Public resulting from the Proceedings under the said Commission; the Expence incurred; and the estimated Value of the entire Property of which the Tenure has been, or will be changed, by the effect of such Sales, or Contrails for Sale; —

THE. said Lords Commissioners,—

(Referring to the Statement of their former Proceedings to the said 24th of June 1803, which, in pursuance of similar directions from His Majesty, they laid before this House on the said 24th of June 1803, a Copy whereof they have hereunto annexed)— Report as follows;

I.—By the Act of the 42d of Ills present Majesty, cap. 116. intituled, "An Act for consoliduling Hie Provisions of the several Acts " passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax into one Ad,

‘4 and for making further provision for the Redemption and Sale

" thereof; and for removing doubts respecting the right of Persons, 4t claiming to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire and other " Members to serve in Parliament, in respect of Messuages, Lands, 44 or Tenements, the Land Tax upon which shall have been redeemed 44 or purchased," they were authorized to regulate and directbe Sales for Redemption of Laud Tax, by the several Bodies and Persons above-mentioned.

II.—rIlie Number of Sales, and Contracts, for Sale approved by the said Lords Commissioners, from the 24U1 June 1803 to the 14th May 1805, has been 386.

The Value of the said Sales, and Contrads for Sale was £. 96,325 £ and the said Sum of £.96,325 was obtained in the following pro-

portions:

Bishops - - - 12,114

Deans and Chapters - 47,042

Redors and Vicars .... 28,217

Colleges and Prebends 3,238

Lay Corporations 2,327

Feoffees and Trustees for Charitable and other

public Purposes 3,387_

/. 96,325

III. The general Results of the Proceedings, under the Authority of the said Lords Commissioners, on a Coihideration of the saidr annexed Statement, and of what is above set forth, may be ltated to be:

That the Total Number of Sales approved of, is 2,164.

That the Amount in Money of such Sales so approved is £.948,38$ sterling.

lhat the Value in Fee Simple of the Property fold is above’ £• 2*845,000 sterling.

Thai

45 Geo. lit;

Appendix*

Report of Lords Commissioners Proceedings on Sales, &c. for the Redemption of Land Tax—continued.

Appendix*

(No. 64.}

That the Stock purchased for the Redemption of Land TaX, under the Proceedings of the Commissioners from the above Sales, will be about £. 1,663,400.

That the whole Expence to the Public has been about £.10,000.

That the Gain to the Public by the operation has not been less than £. i66,34oStock; exclusive of the othfer Eenefits explained and detailed in the annexed Statement,

IV.^-The Commissioners think it their duty to take this occasion of Hating, that Parliamentary Provisions appear to them necessary for the following cases; viz.

ift, To enable Incumbents of Livings to carry into execution the powers of Sale, Mortgage, and Grant, for the purpose of raising Money to purchase Assignments of the Land Tax of such Livings, in cases where the Land Tax hath been redeemed or purchased by the Patrons, or the former Incumbents, or any other Persons.

2dly, To restrain the Bank of England from paying the Dividends of Stock, purchased with Monies arising from the Sale, Mortgage, or Grant of Estates of Corporate Bodies, unless a Certificate of Two of the Commissioners under the Great Seal shall be produced at the Bank, certifying that such Corporate Bodies have redeemed, or are proceeding bond Jide to redeem such part of their Land Tax, for the Redemption of which the Commissioners had authorized any Sale, Mortgage, or Grant.

3dIy, To extend the period for the Inrolment and Registry of Deeds.

By Order of the Lords Commissioners,

W. Young,

12th June 1805. Secretary.

-----3-----

The annexed Statement referred to.

Connfcl, in such Cases as have been thought to require profefiional afliltance. ’

In adjusting and approving the terms and conditions of Sale, it has been anxiously and invariably the object of the Lords Commissioners to establish and maintain certain uniform principles calculated to prevent any improvident Sales, and beneficial as well as safe to the property of the Church, and of other Corporate Bodies, as far as might be compatible with the nature of the Property to be disposed and with the different tenures to which that Property might be subject.

Pursuing these principles, the Board have found it necessary to difeufs many questions of intricacy and detail with respect both to legal conftradions and to modes of valuation.

Their minutes and decisions have been consequently very volumi* nous, and have been accurately and carefully entered and preserved.

The Lords Commissioners take this occasion again to acknowledge the ready and efficient affiffance and attention which they have experienced from time to time, from His Majesty’s Law Officers, from the Directors of the Bank, the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and from the Officers of the Bank of England.

The current business of the Commissioners, as will appear in the two following Sedions of this Report, is gradually diminishing; Hill; however, it is considerable and important.

j 20 Jurat,

continued.)

III.—The number of Sales and Contracts for Sale, approved by the Commissioners, has been,

From the 29th March 1799 to the 28th March 1800 - 895 Sales*

From the 29th March 1800 to the 28th March 1801 - 433 Sales.

From the 29th March 1801 to the pth June 1802 - - 277 Sales.

From the 9th June 1802 to the 24th June 1803 - - 173 Sales,

Total - - 1,778

A STATEM ENT of the Proceedings of the Lords Commissioners for regulating, directing, approving, and confirming all Sales, and Contracts for Sale, made by Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, for the purpose of Redeeming their Land Tax; from the 29th of March 1799 to the 24th of June 1803.

To the Honourable the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled. u The Lords Commissioners for regulating, directing, approving, u and confirming all Sales, and Contracts for Sale, made by * Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, for the purpose of u Redeeming their Land Tax," have received His Majesty’s Directions to lay before the House of Commons—A Statement of their Proceedings, distinguishing the Number and Value of the Sales, and Contracts for Sale, approved by the said Commissioners; the Amount of Land Tax redeemed, or to be redeemed, by virtue oi such Sales, and Contracts for Sale; the Quantity of Stock purchased by the Produce of such Sales; the Gain to the Public resulting from the Proceedings under the said Commission; the Expence incurred, and the estimated Value of the entire Property of winch the Tenure has been, or will be changed, by the efted of such Sales, or Contracts for Sale; — And the said Commissioners Report accordingly:

I.—By an Act passed the 21ft March 1799, " to amend and render " more effectual the preceding Acts for the Red* mption and Purchase •* of the Land Tax," it was made lawful for Ills Majesty to appoint feveti Persons of His Majestys most Honourable Pi ivy Council, to be Commissioners for regulating, directing, approving, and confirming all Sales, and Contracts for Sale, made by Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies, for the purposes of redeeming any Land Tax charged on any of the Manors, Meflfejges, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, belonging to such Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Companies.

And His Mace fly, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of ’Great Britain, bearing date the 26th March 1709, nominated and appointed the Right Honourable William Lord Auckland, the Right Honourable Henry Addington' (then Speaker of the House of Commons) the Right Honourable William Pitt, the Right Honourable the Master of the Rolls (now Lord Alvanley) the Right Honourable Sir William Wynne, Knight, the Right Honourable the Lord Chief Baron, and the Right Honourable Syivefler Douglas (now Lord Glenbervic) for the purposes of the said recited Act, and with authority to any two or more of the said CommissionevS, to do any ad, matter, or thing, which by the said Commission the said Commissioners are authorized to do: And various Legislative Provisions have since been made, to facilitate and extend tha ©peratioa-and-fcffed of the said Commission.

II.—The Lords Commissioners, on the 29th March 1799, severally took the oath prescribed by the Act of Parliament, andraiterwarda entered upon the execution of their Office. Their Meetings have been continued from time to time by adjournments, of more or less frequency, according to the nature and importance of the business to be transaded; and the ttoftumflioners have acted with the advice of

IV.—The value of the Sales, and Contracts for Sale, was. In the First of the above periods - - £. 364,67s

In the Second In the Third -In the Fourth

• 227,420

- 161,736

- 98,229

Total - £. 852,063

And the said sum of £. 852,063. was obtained in the following proportions, from Sales made by the different descriptions of Eccle-liastical and other Corporate Bodies, and others:

Archbishop of Canterbury and sixteen of the 7

Bishops - - - ... . | A1

► 192,700

Deans and Chapters - - * - - - 347,520

Redors and Vicars * ‘ - 114,715

Colleges and Prebends - 93,286

Lay Corporations - 93,842

Owners of Land of which the Reversion in the 7 Crown ...... \ l0'°°0

£.852,063

V.—The Amount of Land Tax redeemed, or to be redeemed, by virtue of such Sales, and Contracts of Sale, cannot yet be stated with precision, as in several instances the Money arising from Sales approved and confirmed by the Lords Commissioners has not yet been paid into the Bank. Besides which, the Property sold by the Corporate Bodies, being required by Law to be sold free and discharged from Land Tax, ^ther Land Tax has, in very many cases, by Agreement between the Parties, been freed by the Lessee or Purchaser at his expence.

It is therefore difficult to ascertain what Amount of Land Tax may have been redeemed by this part of the operation.

On the whole, however, the Ariiount of Land Tax redeemed, or to be redeemed, by virtue of the aforesaid Sales, and Contracts for Sale, may be estimated at about £.40,000. per annum.

VI. —The quantity of Stock purchased by the Bank from the produce of such Sales, is, £. 1,12*000.; exclusive of the sums not paid into the Bank, and also of Sums not yet brought to account, amounting together, by Estimate, to £. 284*000. Stock.

VII. —The Gain resulting to the Public from the Proceedings under the Commission^ consists rtioft immediately in the 1/1 ith required by the Acts to be paid to the Publit beyond the value-of the band'Tax^ TCfieemed, and such Gain cannot be stated at less than £. 140,006. Stock; and this is exclusive of the Land Tax redeemed by the Lessees and Purchasers of many considerable Parcels of the Property sold to them. -A further Gain resulting to the Public from the Proceedings under the Commission, is to be found in the general operation of the Redemption of the Land Tax, particularly by creating a daily demand of a certain proportion of Stock, which can never be brought back into the Market.

The

898

Appendix.

A. 1805;

Appendix,

(No.

120Jjmii,

continued.

Report of Lords Commissioners Proceedings on Sales, &c. for the Redemption of Land Tax—continued.

The efled of that circumstance is evidently beneficial; and Public Credit has been materially affified, by thus withdrawing from the Market upwards of Twenty Millions of Stock, in little more than Four Years, for the Redemption of Land Tax.

There are nlfo other descriptions of Gain to the Public, which are not inconsiderable, when collectively taken, by the accumulation of the 1-1 ith beyond the amount of the Land Tax fold; by the saving of the Allowances to the Receivers General; by the Stamps on Renewal of Leases, and on Conveyances of settled Leasehold Estates.

And, in a more direct point of view, the Sales made by the Proceedings under the Commission may he considered as beneficial to the Public, by giving local accommodations to the Purchasers, by multiplying the means of Improvement, and by increasing the Revenues of the Corporate Bodies, in some infiances very considerably.

VIII.—The Expence incurred has been refirided within the nar-rowefi limits to the Salaries of a Chief Secretary, Affifiants, and CJerks; the Fees of Counsel, the Rent of the Office, and certain small incidents; the whole amounting on the average of Four Years to about £.1,550. per annum.

IX.—The value of the entire Property, of which the Tenure has been changed by the effect of the Sales, and Contracts for Sale, has been computed to be not less than three times the Amount of the whole Sum received. Afliiming this computation to be well founded, the Amount fold or contracted for being £. 852,063. the value in Fee of the whole Property transferred from Corporate Bodies will be

The Prices approved in Sales, and Contracts for Sale, have varied from Six to Nine Years Purchase, for the Reversion in Fee of Lands and Tythes under Leases, for Three Lives; from Eight to Fourteen Years Purchase, for the Reversion in Fee of Lease for Twenty-one Years: —Five Years Purchase has been taken for Houses let for

Thirty Years > and Three Years for the Reversion in Fee of Lades for Forty Years. Reserved Rents and Property, not let on beneficial Leases, have been fold for Twenty-five to Thirty Years Purchase.

X. —'There cannot be a doubt that tkefe Sales are convenient to Purchasers, advantageous to the Sellers, find their Successors, and highly beneficial to the Public in general; and therefore the Lords Commissioners would gladly have added to this Report, some Estimate of the Proportion of Land Tax puyable, and hot yet redeemed by the Bodies Corporate.

It is however difficult to arrive at any certainty in this part of the Enquiry. It is probable that the- Proportion of Land Tax redeemed by Corporate Bodies, and their Lessees, may exceed the Proportion as yet redeemed by other descriptions of Property, chargeable with Land Tax; ftiH however it may he estimated, that nearly Two* thirds remain unredeemed.

XI. —The general Results may be dated to be»

That the number of Sales approved is, 1,778.

That the Amount in Money of such Sales, so approved, i» £. 852,063 fierling.

That the value in Fee Simple of the Property fold, is abovt £. 2,500,000. fierling.

That the Stock purchased for the Redemption of Land Tax* under the Proceedings of the Commissioners, is about £.1,300,000.

That the whole Expence to the Public has been £. 6,950.

That the Gain to the Public, by the operation, has not been less than £. 140,000 Stock, exclusive of the other benefits explained and detailed in this Report.

By Order of the Lords Commissioners,

Young,

24th June 1803, Secretary.

Appendix,

(No. 65.)

19° Juiiii.

An ACCOUNT of the further Sum that will be wanted to defray the Expence of the Purchase of Ground and Buildings in and near Saint MargaretVstreet, Westminster, for the Purpose of erecting a COURT-HOUSE for holding Sessions of the Peace for the City of Westminster, in pursuance of an Act of the 44th of His present Majestys Reign, cap. 61,

Four Thousand Four Hundred and Seventeen Pounds Twelve Shillings and Ten Pence.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers,

29th June 1805. ) TV. Hti/kijffbn.

Appendix, (No. 66.) ao* Junii.

An ACCOUNT, ftiewing the Amount of Exchequer Bills blued per Ad 44 Geo. III. c. 45. intituled, "An Act for raising the u Sum of £.8,000,000. by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the year 1804," Outftandin& and Unprovided for.

Eight Millions.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers 20th June 1805.

IV. HuJkiJ

As ACCOUNT, toewing the Amount of Excheqeer Bills issued per Act 44 Geo. III. cap. intituled, "An Act for ruling " the Sum of £. 1,500,000. by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the year 1804," Outliandiuj and Unprovided for.

One Million Five Hundred Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, aoth June 1805.

fV. Hujhjfott,

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

899

An ACCOUNT of all the PENSIONS granted by the Crown* between ill May 1804 and ill April 1805.

Appendix* ' (No. 67.) 20* Junii.

E->

co

o

<0

8

c.

tr

s

S5

o

co

o

M

n

S5

w

A*

5 H 0

W

cu

Pm

Dates

of

Authorities.

9th May 1804.

D° -

D® -D® -

D® -D® -14 th D® -10th July -

8th August -D® -

23d - D® -

o CJ t*

*5*

•a ^ |yo

•3-1

■§«3

sQ >-> •ooi S , "O = (

ns CO 5

e

Ow o

>—■ >_ "3

5

«S‘

•■s!

11th Jan* 180^ 28th D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -D® -aoth February

31ft July 1804

lft August -

7th Sept -nth October D® -D* -31ft D° . 19th November lft February

13 th June 1804 19th November

2d May 1804 3d - D°

D°

12 th D°

16th D®

4th June 9th - D°

3d July

9th D®

14th D®

20th D®

21ft D®

28th D°

3d August 7th D®

9th D®

NAME S.

Percy Viscount Strangford and Thomas Thompson, Esq. in trust for Maria Dowager Viscountess Strangford - - - - . -

More to them, in trust for Eliza Maria Strangford, to commence from the De-cease of Viscountess Strangford -

More to them, in trust for Louisa Sarah Strangford, to commence at above

Reverend Herbert Marsh -

Dame Sarah Burdett

Priscilla Wilcocke (now deceased) -

Mary Faddy ——

John Clementson, Esq. (now deceased) - 1

Pursuant to Address House of Commons of 7th June 1804 j

Margaret Catherine Afpinwall - - . - -

Philippa Melufina Afpinwall -

PENSIONS per Annum*

James Abercrombie and George Strahan, Esqrs, in trust for

Children of David Dundas, Esq.

William Dundas -James Fullerton Elizabeth Dundas Isabella Dundas ;—1 In° Barnet Dundas,

vTUwigv o wi autui| Hi 1

> - -

Dundas - f as -

and, I

las, or Survivor J

1

David Dundas and Isabella Dundas, and Survivor - -

August a Brudenell -

Robert Brudenell -

Catherine Dent X^ow Binfteed)

Cotton Dent - - - * *> -

Sophia Dent . * ' - - p

Caroline Dent (now Stanhope) - -

Elizabeth Delamaine ——

n Daniel Hailes, Esq.

In lieu of a Pension of £. 800 per Annum, granted him 12th March 1801.

William Lord Auckland

Whose former contingent Pension of £. 1*900 per Annum, had become void.

o

O

a

to

o

c3

1-3

Richard Shepherd, Esq. -Charles Lord Whitworth Sir James Craufiird Sir Richard Worsley, Bart. Alleyne Lord St. Helens Thomas Earl of Elgin -Robert Lifton, Esq.

Right honourable William Wickham

Right honourable Isaac Corry

George Housen -R. Robinson William Gimber -Mary Ann Biuce -

Alice Waller

H. Fiftiley -Isabella Jones

Hester Mufflett

William White John Kingdom

James Smith Doctor R. T. Blair Francis Collins -

Mr. William Seaman Dr. John Lind Mary Qixoa

Porter of the Admiralty Office -

One of the Senior Clerks of the Admiralty Office - Ditto - - - "

Widow of the late Samuel Bruce, late Architect under the Inspector General of Naval Works Widow of Robert Waller, late Pilot of the York, drowned in her -

Master Shipwright of Jamaica Yard Widow of the late Lieutenant B. Jones, who died in consequence of Wounds -

Widow of James Mufflett, also a Pilot of the York, drowned in her -

Master Maftmaker of Deptford Yard -First Clerk in the Office of the Secretary to the Navy Board - -

Master Attendant of Plymouth Yard -

...... ' " . ~ I

Wounded while attending the Disembarkation of the Troops in Egypt -

Clerk to the Master Shipwright of Antigua Yard Senior Physician to the Royal Hospital at Haflar Widow of the late Capt. Dixon, call away in the Apollo

10 u

£. s. d.

300 -

100-----

100-----

514-----

100-----

100-----

40-----*

386-----

50-----

30-----

300-----

300 — — 131 -— 131-----

50-----

50-----

50-----

50-----*

100 — —

1,127 —-

2,3®o —* —■

250-----

2,300-----

1.000 -

600 — —

2,30©-----

2.000 -

2,000 — ;—

1,200 — —

1,200 — —

30-----

375 -

337 1° —

80-----

20

200

25-----

20-----

150-----

350 — r

300-----

£.50. in addition to his former Penfi. w

2*. 6<£ a day,

65-----

-----*

100 —* —1*

V

900

Appendix

A. 1805.

Appendix

An Account of all the Pensions granted by the Crown, between lft May 1804 and lft April 1805—continued.

io* Junii, continued. Dates of Authorities. NAME S. pensions per Annum.

£• >. d.

CO L 10th August 1804 F.d. Sneyd Clay - - In consequence of Wounds received while a Lieutenant 5 *• a day.

P* Cm 22d - D° - John Woodin - - Matter Attendant of Gibraltar Yard - >*5

CO 2d Otflober - Charlotte Canes - - Widow of the late Capt. E. J. Canes, who was call

w § away in the Utile ----- 70

•-> c 3d - D» - - - Mary Epworth -

0 s V D° -D° - ElIzaiethEplonh -[ Daughter, of the late Rear Admiral Epworth - - £* 25- each.

to b D® - Harriot Epworth - J

9th November - Ann Maclean - - Widow of the late Lieutenant Maclean - - 25 — -

JJ D° - - . John Edwards - - A Boatmau of Deal Yard - 10

© .£5 iffth D° - Michael Hagan - - Late Watchman and Under Messenger to the Navy

'♦J •C ® c Office - - - 12

12th December - Elias Marshall - - Matter Shipwright of Halifax Yard 225

I 25th - D° - Mary Mitford - - Widow of Capt. H.Mitford, cast away in the York 100

5th January 1805 Richard Lumley - - Lieutenant, loft an Arm in Action - 5 a day.

9th D° - Thomas Cole - - Lieutenant, loft a Leg in Action - 5 s. a day.

o~> o' 22d D® - Benjamin Slade - - Matter Boathuilder of Deptford Yard - 150

•o^ C 25th D° - E. Falkingham - - A Clerk in the Navy Office - 375

28th D° - Murdo Robertson - - Late Matter of the Meleager, wounded in Action 5$. a day.

*T3 O D° - J. A. Hodglkin - - Lieutenant, wounded in Action - - 5*. a day.

C3 0 "5 14th Fehruary William Brittain - - Second Clerk to the Matter Shipwright of Deptford

1~ s—' eo C Yard ----- 50

0 D° - William Frood - - Matter Sailmaker of Plymouth Yard - 150

<U 13th D° - James W. Gabriel - Lieutenant, wounded in Action - 5*. a day.

0 1 7th March John Lutt’man - - Second Clerk to the Clerk of the Survey of Ports-

MH C/3 mouth Yard - - - 100

3 26th D° - Catherine Keppel - Widow of the late Admiral Keppel - loo — —

« D° - - - Louisa Keppel - - Daughter of the late Admiral Keppel - 25 — —

•* L 30th D° - - •Francis Stephens - - One of the Commissioners of the Victualling - 400 — —

r\

GO

Wfg-Q

O

10th March 1804 1$ - D* -15 June ‘ - " -24 October _ -31 January 1805 -12 February - D* .«* . -

• >> co <ts ..

_ > «> 4)

*5? *■« «:

s

CO 'S

_ *T3 «->

hJ M

< P.2

O < 5> CJ 9-

ij

L

5th May 1804

18 - D°

30 October

Sir William D’Arley' -

Lady Thompson -

Thomas Fitzgerald, Clerk in Treasurer's Office -Lucy Marsh ——

Benjamin Tucker -

Francis Jane Elizabeth Gouftenay -Mary Stewart Courtenay -

503

• This Pension revoked ttnce, and another of £• 1,082. in lieu thereof granted, together with a Reversion of £. 300. a Year to his Wife in the event of his Death.

•1

-Mrs.-Singleton, Widow of AnketeU Singleton, late Lieutenant Governor of Lan guard Fort ——

Mrs. Maclaurin, Widow of the late Doctor James Chichester Maclauri®, Physician to His Majesty s Forces -

Mrs. Elizabeth Fearon, Sifters of the late Colonel John Campbell, Lieu-Mrs. Jane Campbell, j tenant Governor of Plymouth -

516 150 150 joo 1,000

100 ■*» —

59 - — 50 --

£. go each.

PENSIONS Payable out of the Revenue of the Isle of Man: 'N \ gih October 1804 Alexander Shaw, Esq. late Governor of the Iste of Man * . 300

O * 'TJ Z e. *-r*> "f -c 14 May 1804 Robert Mitford and John Unwin, Esq. in Trull for Mrs. Charlotte Sargent, Wife of John Sargent, Esq. and in Reversion to the said John Sargent - 616

Z 0 g c.iH es. q > 1 tf 1 1 Miss Letitia Morgan Miss Fanny Morgan 50 50

ft* c v 16 July Mrs. Rofalie Huyghues 91 5 -

11 JS ic« cr= l 11 January 2805 - J 1 The Reverend Robert Elliott, in Trull for Lady Eleanor Auckland - 500 — —

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix.

901

Account of all the Pensions granted by the Crowrf, between lft May 1804 and lft Ajfril 1805—continued.

Dates of Authorities. NAMES. PENSIONS per Annum.

18 May 1804 Alexander Frafer, Esq. in Trust for Elizabeth Frafer, W«, and William Frafer her £■ s. d.

son, and the Survivor _ 100

r* William Law, Esq. 200

Helen Dalrymple 50 — —

Margaret Dalrymple . 50 — —

Elizabeth Dalrymple 50 — —

Helen Burnett 4° ~ —

Elizabeth Burnett - - - - . _ _ . _ ' . 40 —

Christian Burnett

Lamont Burnett 40 — —

Dame Mary Dacre Clerk 10* — —*

Mrs. Francis Wall ----- - - i . 100 — —

Jane Ogilvie 25 — —

a Rebecca Ogilvie 25 — —

& Mary Ogilvie ----- 25 — —

+1 Katherine Stewart Murray ----- 100 — —

H O Agnes Scott - -- -- -- -- lOO — —

o on Rachael Cleghorn - -- -- -- - 5° — —

'o Jane Cleghorn 50 — —

Ann Cleghorn ----- 50 — —

William Adam and James Chalmers, Esqrs. in Trust for Hugh Cleghorn - 50 — —

>4 - - - Ditto - -- - in Trust for Janet Cleghorn - 50 — —

> Mrs. Jane Baillie .- - - - - 40 — —

s < 22d October 1804 Elizabeth Baillie ——

0 Jane Baillie - -- -- -- -- 40 — —

•3 ft. Louisa Cicil 100 — —■

4) T3 C M Margaret and Ann Halkett - -- -- - 100 —

•O u Mary Bruce - 100 — —

-25 i Margaret Christie - -- -- -- - 25 — —

& Helen Christie ----- 2$ — —

w Katherine Margaret Swindell Norwell - - lOO — —

O l-H Betty Murray ----- 50 — —

CO 55 Louisa Mackay ——

M Mary Ann Johnston ----- 6© — —

tu Janet Anderson - -- -- -- - 100 — —*

Magdaline Goldie - -- -- -- - 100 — —

James Lapflie ----- ----- 50 — —

Charles Hope and David Williamson, Esqrs. in Trust for Isabella Viscountefa

Arbuthnot, and Reversion of /. 150 Per annum to her two Daughters at her

death 300 — —

Menzies Baillie, widow - - - ----- 50 — —

Jane Stewart ----- 50 — —

Grace Stewart - 50 — —

Ann Stewart 50 —

Eliza Mac Laurin - - - -- -- - 100 — —

Marion Max ton - -- -- -- - 100 — —

Ann Boyd - 100 — —

h Jane Brown 60 — —

-u 1 p Dame Mary Pitt, wife of the Right honourable Sir William Augustus Pitt 600 — —

£ Robert Wynne, Esq. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Life of

If) C: 20 March 1805 - 1 Elizabeth Wynne his wife, and of his three daughters, Harriet, Emily, and Lucy

£ g*3 tu 2 Wynne, and Survivor 300 — —

pu 22 02 y. Theobald McKenna, Esq. senior, and Theobald M'Keima, Esq. junior, and Survivor - 300 — —

Appendix,

(No. 67.) 200 Jmiif continued.

"Whitehall, Treasury Chamber!, 20th June 1805.

W. ffujki/on.

902 Appendix. . 1805.

Appendix, (No. 67.)

20° /anil,

continued.

COPIES of all

Sion Manuals, Writs of Privy Seal, Letters Patent, and King's Warrants, by which Additions have been made to the Salaries of any Public Officers, during the years 1804 and 1805.

King’s Warrant; -granting Additiona Salary of 1,500 per annum to the Right honble Hemy I Lord Viscount f Melville, as Keeper of the Privy Seal of Scotland. -

GEORGE R.

TRUSTY and Well-beloved, We greet you well: Whereas We are graciously pleased, fur divers good cause*

and considerations Us hereunto moving, to grant and allow unto Our Right trusty and well-beloved Councillor Henry Lord Viscount Melville, Keeper of Our Privy Seal of Scotland, one Annuity or yearly Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds over and above the yearly Fe^ or Salary of Three thousand Pounds, made payable to him by virtue of Our Letters of Privy Seal of date the 10th day of July 1800, referring to the Letters Patent, by which he is constituted Keeper of the said Seal: And Our pleasure is, that the said Annuity or yearly Sum of One thousand

Five hundred Pounds so granted and allowed by Us as aforesaid, shall commence and be accounted payable to the said Henry Lord Melville from the 5th day of July instant, and shall be paid to the said Henry Lonl Viscount Melville, or to his Assigns, during his continuance in the said Office of Keeper of Our said Privy Seal, Quarterly, at the four most usual days of payment in the year, by even and equal portions; but Our Royal intention is, that the said Additional Salary should be payable only as long as the said Viscount Melville shall continue to hold the Office of Keeper of Our Privy Seal in Scotland, and not to be continued to his Successor in that Office: Our will and pleasure is, and We do hereby direct, authorize, and command you to issue your Warrants to the Receiver General of Our Landrenta and Casualties, authorizing and requiring him to pay unto the said Henry Viscount Melville, or to his Assigns, the said sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds a year, to commence from the 5th day of July 1804, and to be payable and paid to him, or his Assigns, during his continuance in the said Office of Keeper of Our said Privy Seal, Quarterly, at the four most usual days of payment in the year accordingly; but Our Further will and pleasure is, that the said Additional Salary of One thousand Five hundred Pounds a year shall be payable only as long as the said Henry Viscount Melville shall continue to hold the Office of Keeper of Our Privy Seal of Scotland, and not to be continued to his Successors in that Office; And We do hereby charge and command you to cause the said Additional Annuity or yearly Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds, and all Payments thereupon, as they shall from time to time become due and payable, to be inserted on the Quarterly Establishments or Lids of Payments of Our Civil Affairs there, so as the sums to be inserted therein may be allowed and paid from time to time in like manner as other the Salaries or Allowances on the fame Lifts shall from time to time be paid; And for so doing this shall be not only to you but to all others herein concerned, a sufficient Warrant, Given at Our Court at Saint James's, the 31ft day of July 1804, in the forty-fourth year of Our Reigo.

Our Chief Raron, and the rest} of Our Barons of Our Court > of Exchequer in Scotland. }

By His Majesty’s Command,

Signed

W. Pitt. C. Long. Lquumc.

King's Warrant; granting Additional ' £,200 per annum to the Royal Academy, for teaching Excrciles at Edinburgh,

GEORGE R. ....

TRUSTY and Well-beloved, We greet you well: Whereas We did, by a Warrant under Our Royal Sign

Manual, bearing date the 17th day of July 1766, direct, authorize, and require you to allow the sum of Two hundred Pounds per annum to the Royal Academy, for teaching Exercises at Edinburgh: And whereas the Commissioners of

Our Treasury have represented unto Us, that it hath been made appear unto them by your Report of the 7th August lad, that the Exercises taught in the said Academy have been attended with great benefit to Scotland, and that the yearly Sum of £. 200, hitherto granted for its support, has not been sufficient for defraying the necessary expeaces thereof, and have therefore recommended unto Us to grant an Addition of Two hundred Pounds per annum to the original sum, to enable the Diredprs and Governors to carry on the Institution under their patronage in a proper manner for the future, to which We being graciously pleased to consent, Our will and pleasure is, and We do hereby direct, authorize, and command you to issue your Warrant or Warrants upon the Receiver General of Our Landrents and Casualties, authorizing and requiring him to pay the Additional Sum of Two hundred Pounds per annum to any person or persons empowered by the Directors and Managers of Our said Academy (or any five of them) to receive the same out of any Our Revenues in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, at Our Royal disposal, and to insert the fame on Our Civil Establishments, to be paid Quarterly, at the four most usual feasts or days of payment in the year, by even and equal portions; the first day's payment to commence from the 10th day of October next to the next quarterly day of payment, and from thenceforth Quarterly, and to continue till the fame be recalled by Us or Our Royal Successors; which said Additional Sum of Two hundred Pounds per annum is to be applied by the said Directors and Managers for encouraging and supporting Our said Academy, and defraying the necessary Expencts thereof: And for so doing this shall be your Warrant. Given at Our Court at Saint James’s, this otli day of

October 1804, in the foity-fourth year of Our Reign.

The Chief Baron, and the rest} of the Barons of Our Court > of Exchequer in Scotland. )

By His Majesty's Command,

Signed

C. Long.

Fitzharri$.

Blandfvrd.

King's Warrant; * ^ranting Additional * Salaries to the Sheriffs Depute in f Scotland, and their Substitutes. /

GEORGE R.

TRUSTY and Well-beloved, We greet you well: Whereas by a Warrant under Our Royal Sign Manual, bearing date the 9th day of October 17^7, founded on an Act of Parliament, passed in the 20th year of the reign of his late Majesty^Our Royal Grandfather, intituled, M An Act for taking away and abolishing the Heretable " Jurisdictions in Scotland, and for making satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, and for restoring such Jurisdictions " to the Crown; and (hr making more tfiedtul provision for the administration of Justice throughout that part of

" the

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix.

903

Copies of Sign Manuals, Writs of Privy Seal, &c.—

the United Kingdom by the Kings Courts and Judges there, and for other Purposes therein mentioned;’’ We were

ofTeUCwdfff t0d,fr ,to plar ?*, seveni1 Sheriffs or Stewards DePute>and their Substitutes, upon the Establishment v. w a'rs *" c° and> at the Salaries or Allowances therein mentioned: And whereas We were further pleased,

to the SaCiMnofrtheUrSh°y «- S'gn ^Ia"ua1’ bearin6 date the '9th day of January 1803, to make certain Augmentations to the Salaries of the Shentis Substitute therein mentioned: And whereas the Commissioners of Our Treasury have

represented unto Us, that an Augmentation has been recommended to be made to the Salaries of the Sheriffs Depute, and

their Substitutes, on Account of the great Increase of Business, and Befponfibility of their Situations, according to the following Statement; that is to say, 6

SHERIFFS ] DEPUTE. SHERIFFS SUBSTITUTE.

Present Present

COUNTIES. Salaries. Increase. Total. Counties. Salaries. Increase. Total.

Edinburgh, including the City - £• 500 £• 100 L 600 Edinburgh, including the City _ c 13° £■ 20 c 150

Lanark, including Glasgow - > 250 250 500 f Glasgow < Lanark - - - - 130 60 20 13* 80

3 f Hamilton - - - - 40 IO 50

Ross and Cromarty - - > f Stornoway «. - 60 20 80

300 100 400 < Tain - 60 20 80

3 C Dingwall - - - - 60 20 80

Perth - j- 300 100 400 f Perth -( Dumblane * 100 60 - - - 100 60

} f Inverness m _ 90 IO 100

Inverness - - - - > 300 100 400 "S Sky - 70 3° 100

3 £ Fort William - - - 50 10 60

Argyle - f f Inverary - - - - 60 40 100

300 100 400 4 Campbelltown - - - 50 30 80

3 t Tobermory i" - - 45 15 60

Aberdeen - - - 250 150 400 Aberdeen - - - - 100 ! - - 100

Fife and Kinross - - -1 250 150 400 f Cupar -( Kinross - 100 40 4° 100 80

1 ) 1 1 U >1 250 150 400 Ayr - - - - 100 100

Dumfries - 250 100 350 Dumfries - - - - 100 - - - 100

1 f Wick, or Thurso _ 60 20 80

Caithness and Sutherland - > 250 100 350 Dornock - - - - 60 20 86

3 £ Tongue - - - - 60 20 80

Orkney and Zetland - 250 100 350 C Kirkwall \ Lerwick - - 60 60 40 40 100 loo

Stirling and Clackmannan - 250 100 350 f Stirling 1 Clackmannan - - 80 40 20 20 100 60

Renfrew - 200 150 350 Renfrew - - - - 90 10 100

Forfar - 200 150 350 Forfar - m - 80 20 100

Haddington - 200 100 3°° Haddington - - - - J 80 * - - So

Berwick - 200 loo 300 Berwick - 80 20 100

Roxburgh - 200 100 300 Roxburgh - - So 20 100

Kincardine - 200 100 300 Kincardine - - - - 70 10 80

Selkirk - 200 100 300 Selkirk - 60 20 80

Peebles - 200 100 300 Peebles - * - - - 60 20 80

Wigton - 200 100 300 Wigton - 80 20 100

Dumbarton - 200 100 360 Dumbarton - - - - 80 - - - 80

Linlithgow - 200 100 300 Linlithgow - - - - 70 10 80

Bute 200 100 300 Bute - - - - 50 30 80

Banff - - . 200 100 V 300 Banff - - m - 80 20 100

Kirkcudbright - 200 100 300 Kirkcudbright - - - 80 20 100

7 - - C Elgin - _ - _ 80 20 100

Elgin and Naira - - 200 100 300 I Nairn - - * 40 20 60

Amounting, for Additional Salaries to the Sheriffs Depute, to the Sum of Three Thousand Two Hundred Pounds a Year, and to the Sheriffs Substitute to the Sum of Seven Hundred and Twenty-five Pounds a yearfterling; all which Additional Salaries are to commence and be payable from the 5th day of July 1804: And we do also hereby authorize and direct you to cause the said several Additional Salaries to the said Sheriffs Deoute, as also the Salaries or Allowances to the said Substitutes, to be inserted in the next Quarterly Lift g itEstablishment to be transmitted by you to the Commissioners of Our Treasury for their Approbation, for so much as the said respective Additional Salaries to the Sheriffs and Stewards Depute, and Salaries or Allowances to the Substitutes, shall amount unto, being computed by the day, from the 5th day of April last to Midsummer next, and from thenceforth Quarterly, at the four most usual Feasts or days of Payment in the year, by even and equal Portions, and to be paid and payable to them respectively, in the same manner as the present Salaries to the said Sheriffs and Stewards Depute aye paid and payable: Provided nevertheless, that before all or any of the said prefefit or future Substitutes shall be placed upon Our Establishment as aforesaid, their Commissions shall be produced to you, and entered in your Records, after which each of them shall be continued upon the said Quarterly Establishments during the ioiht Lives of himself and of the Deputy by Vhom he was appointed, or until a Revocation of his Commission by the Sheriff or Steward Depute shall be intimated to you, such Revocation or a new Commission produced to you being always a sufficient Authority fof youfeaufing to leave oufthe Name of any Substitute who may have been upon Our said Establi^nt, and for putting the Name of the Person appointed in his place upon the Establishment thereafter to be made up: and for all which this shall be your sufficient Warrant. Given at Our Court at Saint James's, this 24th day of October 1804, in lb* forty-fourth year of Our Reign.

Edinburgh, Exchequer Chambers,)

31ft May 18054. 3 . , .. .

Examined and certified by

Francis Dep» Aud*.

VOL.60.'

By His Majesty’s Command, Signed

10 x

( W. Pitt.

3 C. Long.

[Bland/orcL

Appendix*

(No. 67.) 20* Junii,

continued.

904

Appendix.

A. 1805.

ACCOUNT of the Monies Paid under Warrants or Precepts of the 6 AllONS, of the EXCHEQUER, dirg&ed to the Receiver Genera] of Custoros and Salt, to the Ceroonflioners or Cashier of Excise, or to the Receiver of Land-Rents and Revenues, in SCOTLAND, from the 31A December 1797 to the latest Period to which the fame can be made tip, towards discharging such Fees, Salaries, and Allowances, as have no delation to the Judicial Establishment: Specifying the Date of each Warrant; the Authority by which the fame was issued; the Person in whose Favour it was drawn; the Purpose for which it was drawn; and the Sum paid by Authority thereof: And distingtrishing. Whether the bid Monies were paid out of His Majesty’s Revenues, or out of any of the Branches of the Public Revenue '21 the General Customs and Excise*

Date

of each Warrant1

jT

>5

16.

FeVJi.

17.

jBpril j8.

The Authority by which the Ouse was Paid.

The Person in whqfe Favour Drawn.

His Majesty’t Letter! of John Hamilton, Efij. Re-

Privy Seal for Payment of the Establishment, 19th June 1761; and Treasury Warrant, iothjan* 1798

- - Ditto -

- - Ditto -

His Majesty’s Royal Sign

Manual, 6th January

179&

[Ad 5th Geo. 1. and Sign Manual, 3d September 1761.

[John Campbell, Esq. Agent for the Equivalent Company.

Royal Sign Manual, 07th January 1787

Royal Sign Manual, 7th June 1789.

February 1798.

Order of Court -

Ur

M»y *5

12.

*3-

April 1794.

[Privy Seal, 19th June 1761 j and Treasury Warrant, 16th April 1791

- - Ditto -

- - Ditto -

- - Ditto -

Ad 5th Geo. I. and Sign

Manual, 3d Sept. 1761. Sign Manual, 17th J;

nuary 1787 Treasury Minute, tSth December 1787

ceiver General of His Majesty’s Land Rents and Ca full tics for Scotland,

• - Ditto

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

The Purpose for which Drawn.

For Payment of Salaries and Pensions to those on His Majesty's Establishment, who do not belong to the three Courts; Quarter, ended the 5th day of January 1798 -

Dr. Daniel Rutherford, ProfetTor of Botany, Edinburgh.

Andrew Balfour, Esq. Solr of Tythes.

- - - Ditto

- - - Ditto |For Payment of the Surplofage* doe

to the Sheriffs and Stewards Depute in Scotland, on their Accounts, to Whitsunday 1797 [For Payment of Annuity, and Charges of Management, due to Equiva lent Company j Quarter, ended the ^th January 1798 For Expence of B tanic Garden Quarter, ended 5th January 1798 -

By Order of Court, 2d names Baird, Esq. De-

puty Presenter of Signatures,

Andrew Balfour, Esq.

Royal Sign Manual, ijthyames Clerk, Esq. Sheriff

Depute of Edinburgh. [John Hamilton, Esq. Receiver General, See.

- - Ditto - -

- - Ditto -

- - Ditto - -

Ijohn Campbell, Esq.

[Sign Manual, nth May

179*.

[Sign Manutlj 1798.

nth May

. Ditto - - -By His Majesty’s Command, signified 10" the Barons by the Duke of Portland.

Order of Court, 17 May {James Baird, Esq. Deputy

----- T King's Remr.

John Hamilton, Esq. Re-

21

*7<

July 4.

20.

1797.

Sign Manual, 7th June

[Sig1^ Manual, 17th April 1798

[Order of Court, the 21ft day of June 1798.

Order of Court -

Ditto

Ditto

Sign Manual, 7th June x7*9’

His Majesty’s Commis-fiou, 3d March 1786.

Order of Court, 16 May 17*3*

\Act 5th Geo H. and Treasury Warrant, 26th June X793-

19th June Treat. War-

Privy Seal,

1761; and Treat, rant, 17th July 1798,

- - Ditto -

• . Ditto -

Act 5th Geo. I. and Sign 1 Manual, 3d Septpf 761.1 [Sign Manoal, 27th Ja-|Dr. Daniel Rather ford nuary 1787* J

Dr. Daniel Rutherford

Salary; Half-year, ended 7th December 1707 -

[Vacant Salary of the Presenter ofl Signatures, from 8^h November' 1796 to ift June 1797 [Of Imprest fer Teind ^uhness Of Imprest for the* Public service

For Payment of Salariea and Pen 60ns, as above; Quarter, ended 5th April 1798

■ - - - Ditto

- - - Ditto

- - - Ditto

Equivalent Company, 5th April 1798

James Baird, Esq. Deputy 1 King’s Remr.

[John Hamilton, Esq. Receiver General, dec.

• Ditto

- - Ditto - -

- - Ditto - -

ceiver General. - Ditto -

[James Baird, Esq. Deputy K King’s Remr.

Ditto -

Will. Betbune, Esq.Clerk in the Chancery.

[Andrew Balfour, Esq. Solicitor of Tythes.

• Ditto -

Mark Pringle, Esq. - -

Alexander Gardner, Esq. 1 Dep. Treasurer’s Rem*

John Hamilton, Esq. Receiver General.

[John Hamilton, Esq. Receiver General.

5th

• . Ditto - -- - Ditto - -Ijohn Campbell, Esq.

jExptnce of Botanic Garden,

April 1798 -

[Allowance in lieu of Coach* hoofes and Stables to the Barons, for Year, to Whitsunday 1798 -[Paid to William Robertson, Esq. Pror for the Church, to be distriburrd among ft Itinerant Preachers and Cathechifts in the Highlands of Scotland -|Paid to David Ear! of Leven, Commi/Turner to the General Assembly of the Church, held in Scotland, Summer 1798 -[Additional Allowance to Ditto Paid to James Baird, Esquire, for fitting up and fnrni firing the Royal Apartments in Holyrood House, for the Accommodation of Mon-sieur and hit Attendants Paid for Repairs of the Parish Church of St Andrew’s Paid to Hugh Warrender, Esquire, for I Charges of Criminal Profecotions Paid to Charles Sharp of Hodham, and others, for building a new Bridge at Dumfries -Paid to John Gloag and Son, Merchants, for Cloaths to His Majesty’s Trumpeters [Paid to WiMiatn Sibbald, Taylor, for making Trumpeters Cloaths [For making up, and transmiteing to Exchequer, Copies of the Responde Books 3 Year, to Whitsunday 1798 [For Trouble in taking care of the Interest of the Crown, before the Court of SeiEon, in relation to Tythes; Year, to 7th June 17* [Salary 1 Half-year, to 7th j 1798 -

[Salary as Chamberlain of Ettrick Forest 3 Half-year, to Whitsunday 179* -

[Twenty-five per Cent, on new Dif-coveries on Feu and Blench Duties payable to His Majesty [One Year’s Annuity due to the Commissionen for Fisheries and Manufactuxes in Scotland 3 5th July 1798 -

[For Payment of Pensions and other Officers; Quarter, ending5th July

>79* - -

- - - - Ditto -

- - - - Ditto -

[Equivalent Company; 5th July 1798

Paid out of the Revenue of

CUSTOMS:

King’s Revenue.

Public Revenue.

£. t. d.

4*000 — —

1.000 — —

2.000 — —

Paid out of the Revenue of EXCISE:

r

King’s Revenue.

£. *• A

*.7*3 *< 5-ri

£■ s. i.

*.434 7 Si I.SJ9-----

400 — —

Expence of Botanic Garden, to 5th July 1793 -

6,200

5S*

7 if

2,650 — —

4,000 — —

Public Revenue. I

Crown Rents and Cafuahies.

King’s

Revenue.

*,650 — —

£■ i.

TOTAL.

£ *. I

J4»5 9

903 1 10}

1,000 — —-

1,000 -- —

500 —

OfiOO -* —

.,000 — —

,000 —« —

1,200 — •—

M50--

4° —

•8 5 5

100 — — 400-4.-

54*5 9

60 — —

ft

I*

300 — —

xx6 6

28 15 6

jo-----

20 — —

40 —

250 —«

105 IJ 7

54 ij 9

45 Geo. III.

Appendix*

905

Dm of «Kb Wat rant

The Authority by which the fame waa Paid*

-179!. Julj 15.

Ai|. IO. Oft. St.

Sign Manual, 9th July 179*-

lOrdor of Court, nth An. 1 i«*i79«.

[Sign Manual, 14th A»-gust 179ft.

Privy Seal, 19th Jont, 1761, and TitaWir. rant, 30th October 179*-

• - Ditto - -

- - Ditto -

Ad 5th Goo. I. and Sign Manual, 3d S*ptr 1761.

[Sign Manual, ad Aoguft jja* Grey, Esq. Secretary

Sou.*. Due* 13.

17ft!*

1

jSign Manual, 17th January 17S7.

|OrW of Court and Certificate of His Majesty*! Advocate.

•9

1* *s

r<*.4-

Moniet paid under Warranto or Precept, of the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland-conriweA

The Ptribn in whose Favour Drawn.

Archibald Gilchrist, ECq. Treasurer to the Town of Edinburgh.

[Andrew Balfour, Ed|. Solicitor of Tythta.

William Ic Henry Hag-gart, Esqra. Secretaries to the Caledonian Hunt.

[John Hamilton, Esq. Receiver General, Sc.

[Of Imprest, and upon Account for carrying on Processea before the Court of Session - -

- - Ditto - -

- - Ditto - -ijo. Campbell, Esq. -

10 the Royal Company of Scotch Archer*.

Dr. Daniel Rutherford Ja* Baird, Esq. - -

- Ditto -

[Order of Court. December 179ft*

13th

Older of Coetfr lift

1794-

[Sign Manual, 7th June «7*>-

lOrto *f Com* - -

- - Ditto

[David Ewart, Chancery.

The Purposi for which Drawn.

King’a Revenue.

Fot Ring’* Plate, to be run for on the Sand* of Leith ...

For a Plate to be run for at such time a* the said Hunt shall fix -

For Payment of Pensiona and other Officer*, at before) Quarter, ended 10th October 179ft

Ditto

Ditto

|Equi valent Company; (Quarter’s Annuity, to 10th October 179S

For a Plate to be hot for by the said Company ....

Ei pence of Botanic Garden) Quarter ended 10th October 179ft

Wr in

Paid to Robert Dundaa and

Robert Suttie, Crown Agenta for Tythe:, Payment of Balance of their Account, for One Year, to November 179ft

Imprtft to Ditto -

or Trouble in comparing Book*, Ac. transmitted Yearly to the Exchequer) and bringing up Record* for reviling Signature*

[jamas Baird, Ifq.

rew Balfour, Esq. Jf of T 7 the*.

[)a* Baird, Esq. D. R. R.

[Sign Manual, *ftth Do- [Thomas Langfonds, Esq. 179*.

B, Hi* MiJHAy’» Commind, signified to the Baron* by the Duke of Portland.

Sign Manual, 17th January 17(7.

Privy Seal, 19th June 1761; and Treasury Warrant, 15th J*nu-ary 1799.

• - Ditto -

|Act $ Geo. 1.) Sign Manual, |d September I7di.

[Com mi Aon, a March 1716.

Order of Court - -- m DittO - -

[Sign Manual, 7th June 179°*

James Baird, Esq. Deputy Ring’s Rcmr.

Dr. Daniel Rutherford

1

John Hamilton, Ifq. Receiver General, &c.

• . Ditto -

[John Campbell, Esq.

Ap«a it-

the Right Hon. the Lords of the Treasury, nth March

1791.

[Royal Sign Manual, 15th February 1799.

[ftign Manual, 17th January J7ft7-

[Privy Seal, joth June 17615 Troafory Warrant, 10th April 1799

- - Ditto - -

- Ditto - -

[Paid to Tradesmen in Payment of their Accounts, for Work done on Holyrood House

Total Year 179ft

[For Expence* of Legifistive and Ju dicial Proceedings before Parlla ment ....

For keeping Comptrolment Roll of Seixure* of Customt 5 Year 179ft

Salary, to 7th December 179ft

Paid out of the Revenue of CUSTOMSs

C * d.

6,157 xO 10}

*0 -• —

600 — —

»o.933 *7 xxi

For fitting ep and furnishing the Royal Apartment^ in Holy pood Hoofe

Expence of Botanic Garden, 5th January 1799 -

For Payment of Pensiona and other Officers, as above, 5th January 1799 -

Ditto -

[Equivalent Company 5 Quarter, ended 5th January 1799 -

MarkPringle, Esq.Cham-berlaiit of Ettrick Ford*.

[Andrew Balfour, Esq. I Solr of Tythe*.

[James Baird, Esq. Deputy Ring* Remembrancer.

Andrew Balfour, Esq. Solr of Tythe*.

[John Hamilton, Esq. Receiver General, &c.

Salary, to Martinmas 179ft

|john Hamilton, Esq. Receiver General.

|Dr. Daniel Rutherford

[John Hamilton, Esq. R^j cover General, &c.

- - Ditto - -

- . Ditto -

Balance of hit Account, and Imprest

For Exper.ce of carrying into Execution the Redemption of the Land Tax and Income A&»

Moiety of first Compofirion on Six Leases of Tythei, discovered by him -

Paid to Jamea Baird, Esq. Deputy King's Remembrancer, for Expence t>f fitting up Apartments al-' lotted to the Court of Exchequer, in the Register Office

Paid to Sheriffs Depute, for Surplu-sage* on their Account!, to Whit-funtide 179S -

[Expence of Botanic Garden, 5th April 1799 -

Payment of Pensiona and other Officers, 5th April *799 - —

LAd 5U1 Geo. 1.5 Sign Ijohn Campbell, Esq. -Manual, $d September 1761.

[Royal Sign Manual, 4th

April 1799.

[John Hamilton, Efij. Receiver General, Ac*

Sign Manual, 15th April [Jamea Clerk, Esq. Sh.

f pep. of Edinburgh.

* - Ditto •

Ditto

equivalent Company, 5th April

1799

[Paid to Hugh Warrender, Esq. Expenct of Criminal Prosecutiona

Imprefi for the Public Service

600-----

5,ftoo 10 6 J

Public Revenue.

£• L d.

Paid out of the Revenue of EXCISE.

Ring’s Revenue.

£ «. d.

x,oooo — —

7x7 s

M33 x®

5,*9* *1 si *,000 — —

9*

4»J55

1 —

I HTfl

,7>a9| >5 —I

ggOOOO

Public Revenue.

Crown Rer ts and Cafoalties.

King’*

Revenue.

£. a. d.

Mjo —> —

7,950-----

£■ «■ 105 —

IJO — IOJ —

i.

TOTAL

Appendix, (No. 67.) 20° Juror,

corUtitxid,

*0 — —

54 XS 9

IOO

10

5 -

40-----

•1650 —

500 — —

*,000 — -

x6 — J

500-----

54 »5 9

*50 — —

100 —

100 — —

|6i % lA

5S»«* S sA

H«5

•>650 — —

| 400 — —

Qarncd forward -

5itit s

906

Appendix.

Appendix, (No. 67.) ao* Jtinii,

continued.

Monies paid under Warrants or Precepts of the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland—continued.

Date of each Warrant.

*799. April 23.

*8.

31-June 5.

*7-

The Authority by which the fame was Paid.

•6.

July 1. 5

5

13

16,

S2

The Person in whose Fa tour Drawn.

[Sign Maniial, I5U1 April 1799*

- - Ditto

Sign Manual, 26th April *799-

jTreat. Minute, 28 th Deer

f 1787.

jSiga Manual, 28th May

1799*

[Sign Manual, alth May

1799-

|Sign Manual, 6th June

799-

Order of Court

- - Ditto -

[John Hamilton, Esq. Receiver General.

- - Ditto -

- - Dido -

Ja9 Baud, Esq. D. R. R

John Hamilton, Esq. Rtcr General.

- Ditto

- Ditto

W Bethune, Clerk It the Chancery.

Andrew Balfour, Esq. Sol* of Tythei.

- - Ditto -

[Paid to the Earl of Leven) Comr to the General Aliemtly of the Church -

[Additional to Ditto

*1

Aug. 26. Ne?r. 1.

4-

*5

Dc*r 10. 11

1800. Jan7 20.

•1.

1786.

Act 5th Geo. I.; and Treasury Warrant, 14th June 1799.

[Order of Couft

- - Ditto

[Sign Manual, 20th June 1799'

Royal Sign Manual, 7th June 1789.

Commislidlt, 3d March (Marff Pringle, Esq.Chatft-

bertrin of Ettrick Forest.

John Hamilton, Esq. Re ceiver General.

James Baird, Esq. DJC.R.

|Andw Balfour, Esq. licitor of Tythal.

So.

[Archibald Gilehrift, Esq. Treasurer to the Town of Edinburgh.

Privy Seal, 29th June (John Hamilton, Esq. 17615 and Treat. War-f rant, 17 th July 1799.

- - Ditto - -J - - Ditto

- - Ditto - -j - - Ditto -

Act 5 Geo. I.j and Sign [John Campbell, Esq. Manual, 3d Septr 1761.

The Purpose for which Drawn.

King’s Revenue.

[Paid to the Pror. for the Church of Scotland, for Itinerant Preachers and Catechifts -Allowance in lieu of Coach-house and Stables for the Barons Paid to Hugh Warrender) Esq. without Account, other than such as he may be required to render thereof | to the Commi Burners of the Treasury -[Paid to John Spottifwood, Esq, with, out Account, in full of Business done, and Feet paid, in consequence of His Majesty’s Orders [Paid to James Clerk, Efo. Sheriff Depute of Edinburgh, without Account, to defray Expences to be incurred by him in His Majesty's Service -[For Copies of Responde Books, trans-mrtted to Exchequer -

[For'taking care of the Interest of the Crown, before the Court of Session 5 Year 1799 -

Salary, to 7th June 179$

Salary, to Whitsunday 1799

One Year’s Annuity due to the

Trustees for Fisheries, Sec. 5th

July 1799 - -

For defraying Expence of Redemption of the Land Tax and Income Acts

Of Imprest, and upon Account, for defraying tha Expence of Precedes relative to Tythea

For a Plate to be run for on Leith Sands ——

[Sign Manual, 17th jan?

1787.

[Sign Manual* 29th July *799*

[Privy Seal, 19th June 1761; and T rets. Warrant, 29th Odr 1799.

- - Ditto -

- - Ditto

Ad 5 Geo. I.5 Sign Ma-' nual, 3d Septr 1761. Royal Sign Manual, 27th 1 January 1787.

Royal Sign Manual, 2d August 1788.

Commission, 3d March 1786.

[Order of Court j and Certificate of His Majesty's Advocate.

- - Ditto -Order of Court

1

Royal Sign Manual, 7th Jpne 1789.

Order of Court, till May 1794*

[Prisnr Seal, 29th Tunc 17615 and Treas. Warrant, 15th Januaryi8oo.

- Ditto •'

- Ditto

Ad 5 Geo. J. 5 Sign Manual, 3d 5eptr. 1761.

Royal Sign Manual* 7th January iSoo.

Royal Sign Manual, 17th January 1787. 1

(Order of Court

[For Payment ef-Pensions end other Officers; Quarter, ended 5th July 1799 "

- - - Ditto

- - - Ditto

[Dr. Daniel Rutherford

jwiBtim and Henry Hag gart, Esqrs. Secretaries to the CaledonianHunt.

[John Hamilton, Esq.

- - Dittd -

- - Ditto

John Campbell, Esq.

Dr. Daniel Rutherford -

Ja9 Gray, Esq. Secretary to the Royal Company of Scotch Archers.‘ [MarkPringle, Esq.Cham-beriain of Ettrick Fored

[Patrick Murray, Esq. Ring's Remembrancer.

• - Ditto

AruT" Balfour, Esq. So. liciter of Tythet.

- - Ditto

[For Payment-of Pensions and other Officers, lotk October 1799

• - - Ditto - -

- - - Ditto

Equivalent Company, 20th October ( 1799 - -

Expence of Botanic Garden 5 Quarter, j -ended 10th October 1799 - ~ -

For a Plate to be foot for by said Company -

(Salary, to Martinmas 2799 -

___Baird, Esq. Pe

puty King's Rem\

ohn Hamilton; Esq. Receiver General, Sec.

. Ditto -• - Ditto - .

Jokfl Campbell, Esq.. -j

John Hamilton, Esq. Receiver Ceaeral, 6cc.

Dr. Daniel Rutherford -

jdavtd Ewart, Clerk in Chaaeery.

Equivalent Company, 5th July *799 [Expence of Botanic Garden, 5th July

For7a9J>l»t* to be run for at stich Time as the said Hunt Bull fix

[Paid to Messrs. Dundas and Softie, Crown Agents, for Tythes, in Payment of their Account to November 1799 -* -* -

[Paid to D* by way of Imprest, and upon Account -

[Of Imprest, and upon Account

Salary, to 7th December 2799

For keeping Comptrolment Roll ofj Seif urea of Customt. 5 Year 1799

Total, Year 1799 -

[Por Payment of Pensions and other Officers} Quarter, ended 5 th January 1&0o -

--- Ditto - -

- - - Ditto - — -

Equivalent Company* 5th January 1800 -

Paid to Sheriffs Deptge, in Payment of the Surflufage doe On thdr Accounts, to Whitsunday 1799 Expence of Botanic Gardens Quarter, ended ,5th January j8oo (For Trouble in transcribing Books for the Vfe of the Churt df Exchequer 1

Paid out of the Revenue of CUSTOMS:

£. t. d.

2,000 — —

2,000 — —

500 — —

Public Revenue.

r. d.

3,728 10 21

4,000 —

24,941 12 II

4,440— —

Paid out of the Revenue of EXCISE:

King's Revenue.

£. i. d.

A*

JOO A- — 1)000 •— —

1,000 — —

1.000 -----—

3.000 —

2,000 — —

x,6j6 27 4f]

(4,446 2 iitsti

I4,636 *7 4{

960 —. —

*»355 S «i]

Public Revenue.

I Crowa Rcnu

and

Casualties,

King’i

Revenue.

Brought forward 7J]

£■ «. i.

2,000 — —

«,6jo — —

*,«j. — —

12,600 — —

•,«jo — —

..tjS 13 ic/rl

C «• i\

to-.

jo —

20 — _ 40-^ 25O — —

100 —-too —-

IOS--

5415 9 *°5-----

54 9

so — 250 — -

•90 18 100 — 100 — -4° —"

W4* 3

54 *5 9

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

POT

22.

Not. 25.

Dec. 3. 16.

Act 5 Geo. I.; and Royal Sign Manual, 3d September 1761.

Royal Sign Manual, 27th January 1787.

Royal Sign Manual, 3d November 1800.

Order of Court, and Certificate of Hi* Ma-jeily's Advocate.

- - Ditto

Commission, 3d March 1786.

Date of each Warrant. The Authority by which the fame was paid. The Person in whose Favour Drawn.

tSoo. April 16. Privy Seal, 19th June John Hamilton, Esq. -

• 1761} and Treasury

Warrant, 12th April 1800. - - Ditto t - Ditto

— - - Ditto - - Ditto

— - - Ditto - - Ditto

— . Act 5 Geo. I.; and Royal John Campbell, Esq.

17- Sign Manual, 3d Sept. 1761. Royal Sign Manual, 27th Dr. Daniel Rutherford -

May 6. January 1787. Royal Sign Manual, 15th John Hamilton, Esq. Re-

April 1794; and Act ceiver General, See.

12. 39 Geo. III. c. 66. Royal Sign Manual, 8th John Hamilton, Esq. Re-

April 1800. ceiver General.

H- Royal Sign Manual, 13th - - Ditto

21. March 1800. Royal Sign Manual, 25th - - Ditto

— April 1800. - - Ditto - - Ditto

*7- - - Ditto - - Ditto

— Royal Sign Manual, 19th Thomas Henderson, Tr«a-

May 1800. surer to the Town of

June 2. Order of Court - Edinburgh. Andrew Balfour, Esq.

21. Royal Sign Manual, 31ft Solicitor of Tythes. John Hamilton, Esq. Re-

May 1800. ceiver General.

28. Minute of the Treasury, James Baird, Esq. Deputy

28th December 1787. King’s. Remembrancer.

— Order of Court - Andrew Balfour, Esq. So-

Royal Sign Manual, 7th licitor of Tythe*. - - Ditto

— June 1789. - - Ditto - - Ditto

*5* Royal Sign Manual, 19th John Hamilton, Esq. Re-

June 1800. ceiver General, See.

July 9. Order of Court - William Bethune, Clerk

22. Act 5 Geo. I.; and'Trea- in Chancery. John Hamilton, Esq. Re-

fury Warrant, 7th July ceiver General, See.

28. 1800. Privy Seal, 19th June John Hamilton, Esq. Re-

1761; and Treasury ceiver General, See.

Warrant, 24th July 1800. - - Ditto - - Ditto

— - - Ditto - - Ditto

— Act 5 Geo. I.j Sign Ma- John Campbell, Esq. -

nual, 3d September 1761. Commission, 3d March Mark Pringle, Esq. Cham-

1786. berlain of Ettrick Fo-

19. Royal Sign Manual, 27th re ff. Dr. Daniel Rutherford -

August 5. January 1787. Royal Sign Manual,! 788, Henry Jardine, Esq.

August id. Sign Manual, iff August Henry Haggart, Esq. Se-

1800. cretary to the Caledo-

S. Royal Sign Manual, 28th nian Hunt. John Hamilton, Esq. Re-

July 1800. ceiver General, &c.

11. Order of Court, 4th July Andrew Balfour, Esq. So-

1800. licitor of Tythes.

OCh 21. Privy Seal, 19th June John Hamilton, Esq. Re-

1761 j and Treasury ceiver General, See.

Warrant, 18th October 1800. - - Ditto - - Ditto

— - - Ditto - Ditto

M°nieS Paid OTd" Grants or Precepts of the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland-

John Campbell, Esq.

Dr. Daniel Rutherford -

John Hamilton, Esq. Receiver General, &c.

James Baird, Esq. Deputy King's Remembrancer.

- - Ditto

Mark Pringle, Esq. Chamberlain of Ettrick Fo-rest*

continued.

The Purpose for which Drawn.

Payment of Pensions, and other Officers; Quarter, ended cth April 1800 - _ r

- - - Ditto -

- - - Ditto -

- - - Ditto -

Equivalent Company, 5th April 1800

Botanic Garden, 5th April 1800

Paid to James Clerk, Esq. Sheriff Depute of Edinburgh, by way of Imprest, and upon Account -

Paid to Hugh Warrender, Esq. by way Imprest, and upon Account of criminal Prosecutioas -

Paid to Stephen Rolleston, Esq. for Jane Young, Wife of John Young, Greek Prefeffor in Glasgow -

Paid to David Earl of Leveo, Commissioner to the General Assembly

Additional Allowance to David Earl of Leven, Commissioner to the General Assembly

Paid to the Pror. for the Church, for Itinerant Preacher* and Catechifts

For a Plate to be run for on Leith Sands -

By way of Imprest, and upon Account

Paid to Thomas Langlands, Esq. by way of Imprest and upon Account, for Judicial and Legislative Proceedings -Allowance in lieu of Coaeh-houses and Stables to the Right honourable the Barons of Exchequer -

For taking cart* of the Interest of the Crown before the Court of Session

Salary, to 7th June 1800

Moiety of first Composition on Seven Leases of Tythes discovered by him Paid John Spottifwood, Esq. without Account, for Business done, and Fees paid - For Trouble in making up Responde Book, and transmitting Copies to the Exchequer -Annuity due to Commissioners for Fi&eries and Manufacture*, 5th July 1800 -

For Payment of Pensions, and other Officer* 5 Quarter ended July 1800

- - - Ditto - -

- - - Ditio -

Equivalent Company j Quarter ended 5th July 1800 -

Salary j Half-year, to Whitsunday 1800 -

Expence of Botanic Garden, 5th July 1800 -

For a Plate to be fljot for by the Royal Company of Scotch Archers -

For a Plate to be run for at such time as the said Hunt shall fix -

Paid to Hugh Warrender, Esq. without Account, other than such as he may be required to render to the Lords of the Treasury - For Expence of Process against the Earl and Countels of Fife -

For Payment of Pensions, and other Officers; Quarter, ended 10th October 1800 -

- - - Ditto -

- - - Ditto -

For Payment of Equivalent Company, 10th October 1800 -

Expence of Botanic Garden; Quarter ended 10th October 1800 -

Paid to Hugh Warrender, Esquire, without Account, other than such as he may be required to render to the Lords of the Treasury -Paid to Messrs. Dundas and Suttie, Crown Agents for Teinds, Balance of their Account, to 9th July 1800 Paid to Ditto, of Imprelt

Salary; Half-year, to Martinmas lioo -

Paid out of the Revenue of CUSTOMS:

(-----

King’s Revenue.

C *• d.

i>°i5 xr 4,200-----

2.000 — —

200 — —

1.000 — —

300 — —

1.000 — —

x>5°° -

5.3*3 8 9l

500-----

5,106 7 ni

500 — ---

Public Revenue.

£■ «• i-

400 — ---

Paid out of the Revenue of EXCISE:

King’s Revenue.

£* x. d.

1,500-----

1,000 — —

500 — —

2,000 -- —

2,000 — —

1,000 — ---

2,000 -

Public Revenue.

Crown Rent* and Casualties.

King’s

Revenue.

Brought forward - £.

£- x. d.

1.650 —

2,650 — —

2,650-----

10 Y

250 -

Carried forward m ~ m

£- x. </.

54 *5 9

105 150

60 — —

20 — — 40-----

368 8 4i

3o 7-----

250 — —

54 15 9

20 — —

105-----

130 — —

54 9

323 14 7

ioo — —

TOTAL.

Append (No. 67 20 * J uni contmmec

115,084 1 iotV

115,084 1 iqt?

908

Appendix.

A- 1805,

>j>endix,

Vo. 67.)

d* Junii, •ontbued.

Monies paid under Warrants or Precepts of the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland—coa/inu<d.

Date of each Warrant The Authority by which the fame was Paid. l The Person in whose Favour Drawn.

i8co. Dec. ao. Order of Court, 2 ift Ma; 1794- y James Baird, Esq. Deputy King’s Remr.

1801. Royal Sign Manual, 71I June 1789. Andrew Balfour, Esq. Solicitor of Tjthcs.

Jan* 6. Order of Court, and Let- John Hamilton, Esq. Re-

ter from the Duke 0/ Portland. ceiver General, 3c c.

*3- Royal Sign Manual, 2d January 1801. - - Ditto

*5- Privy Seal,. 19th June 1761, and Treasury Warrant, 12th January 1801. John Hamilton, Esq. Receiver General, dec.

- - Ditto - - Ditto - -

- - Ditto - - Ditto

— - - Ditto - - Ditto

— Ad 5th Geo. I. 5 and Sign Manual, 3d September 1761. John Campbell, Esquire -

x6. Royal Sign Manual, 27th January 1787. Dr. Daniel Rutherford - j

ao. Ad 29th Geo. III.; and Royal Sign Manual, 2d January 1801. John Hamilton, Esq. Re- 1 ceiver General, &c.

*7- Order of Court David Ewart, Writer in 1 Chancery.

Feb* 3. By His Majesty's Command, signified to the Barons by the Duke of Portland. John Hamilton, Esq. Re- 1 ceiver General, dec.

March 5 r. Royal Sign Manual, 14th March 1801. - - Ditto - -

— Royal Sign Manual, 2ifi March 1801. - - Ditto - - 1

April 9. Sign Manual, 14th March 1801# - - Ditto - - 1

*3 Privy Seal, 19th June 1761, and Treasury Warrant, 9th April 1801. - - Ditto - - J

— - - Ditto - - Ditto

— - - Ditto - - Ditto

— - - Ditto - - Ditto

Ad 5th Geo. I.; Sign Manual, 3d September 1761. . ohn Campbell, Esquire 1

*4 Royal Sign Manual, 27th January 1787. Dr. Daniel Rutherford - 1

16. Royal Sign Manual, 15th April 1794. James Clerk, Esq. She- ( riff Depute of Edinburgh.

May 19. Treasury Minute, *8th December 1787. John Hamilton, Esq. Re- 1 ceiver General, 3cc.

a6. Royal Sign Manual, 18th May 1801. - - Ditto - - I

Order of Court - Sir Patrick Murray, Bart. I King’s Remembrancer.

Royal Sign Manual, xStb May x8oi. John Hamilton, Esq. Re- I ceiver General, See.

— - - Ditto - - Ditto

June 2. Royal Sign Manual, 27th May 1801. John Hamilton, Esq. Re- F ceiver General.

17. ! Royal Sign Man»al, nth June 1801. - - Ditto - - p

23. < Commission, 3d March 1786. Mark Pringle, Esq. S Chamberlain of Et-trick Forest.

— ] Royal Sign Manual, 10th June 1801. *T John Hamilton, Esq. Re- P ceiver General, See.

3°. Royal Sign Manual, 7th June 1789. Andrew Balfour, Esq. S S^l of Tythes.

Ok*. 1 Older of Court - - - Ditto - - A

*3- - - Ditto Wil iam Bethune, Clerk F in Chancery.

The Purpose far which Drawn.

For keeping Cojnpttolmeat Roll of Seizures of Customs $ year, to 10th October 1800 -

Total Year 1800

Paid to James Baird, Bfq. Deputy King'sKemembrancer, to Account, for repairing the Abbey of Holy-rood House -

Paid to Hugh Warrender, Esq. without Account, other than such as he shall be required to render to the Lords of the Treasury or Payment of Pensions and otl Officers, 5th January x8ox

Ditto - -

Ditto - - Ditto -

5th January 180X

ter ended 5th January ifcoi aid to Sheriffs and Stewards Depute, the Surplulage due on their Accounts to Whitsunday 1S00 -

Exchequer to revise Signatures lid to James Baird, Balance of his Accounts, for fucnishing and repairing Royal Apartments in Holyrood House -Paid to Hugh Warrender, Esq. without Account, other than such as "he may be required to reader to the Lords of the Treasury, for building a Bridge over the Avon. - -

'aid to Ditto, for building the University at Edinburgh -'aid to Dr. Daniel Rutherford, Pso-feflor of Botany in the University of Edinburgh, without Account, other than such as he may be required to render to the Lords of the Treasury -

or Payment of Pensions and other Officers j Quarter, ended 5th April 1801 - - - * -

Paid out of the Revenue of CUSTOMS:

King’s Revenue.

£ '• 4-

ao-----

*7.345

400 — —

,500 — —

1,000 — —

4,688 16 jo|

if* 16 7 goo — mm

5,090 — — 1*400 — —

- - - Ditto - -

- - - Ditto -

- - - Ditto -

Equivalent Company, 5th April 1801

ter, ended 5th April i8ox -If Imprest, and upon Recount for the Public Service -

1,000

3*471

H 3*

King's Remembrancer, Allowance for Coach-houses and Stables for the Barons, Whitsunday xSox

Account,

tions

for Criminal Profecu-

counts, for Work done on Holy-mod House .... aid to David Ear) of Leven, Com. mifliqner to the General Assembly of the Church, for his Expences -

- - Dittn, Additional

aid to the Pror, for the Church Scotland, for Itinerant Preachers and Catechiftg -

out Aecouiit, for Business done, and Fees paid, in consequence of His Majesty's Orders -

aid to Dr. John Moir, Deputy Keeper of Holyrood House, the Rent of an Apartment there attached to his Office, and taken possession of by Government for Monfteurand his Suite, from 15th May 1796 to 15th May 1801

terest of the Crown before the Court of Sessionj Year, to 7th June 1801 -

or transmitting Copies of the Re-fponde Book to the Exchequer j Year, to Whitsunday i8jui

60 — —

Public Revenue.

£■ '■ i-

400 -- •—

Paid out of the Revenue of EXCISE:

King's Revenue.

i*»3, S 5 *4

3.7*5 »4

1,000

500

200 — —

1,000 -- —

2,000 — —

Public Revenue.

Crown Rents, and Casualtiei.

King's

Revenue.

Brought forward -

£■ '• d. £■ •. J.

40 — —

*4.73* »3 10

1,650-----

1,116 j i,j

T0Tit

"S.oJi 1

54 «5 9

57.01$ ij isj

a,000 — —

»,oooo — —

a,000 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

2,650-----

30 — —

Carried forward - -

54 x5 * 4*»-~

10 x 3

150-'

40 — -

171,099 *!f

Geo. III.

Appendix!*

909

Monies paid under Warrants or Precepts of the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland—continued.

Powers from the Lords of the Treasury, 12th March 1791.

Order of Court.

By Order of the Lords of

The Authority by which the fame was Paid.

The Person in whose Favour Drawn.

John Hamilton, Esq. Receiver General, 8cc.

Paid out of the Revenue of

CUSTOMS:

1 Paid out of the Revenue of

EXCISE:

The Purpose for which Drawn.

I Ring's Revenue. Public Revenue. IKing's Revenue.

Public Revenue.

the Treasury.

Ditto

Priwy Seal 19th June 1761,& TreasuryWar-rant, iSth July 1801.

• - Ditto -

- - Ditto - - -Act 5th Geo. 1; and

Royal Sign Manual, 3d September 1761. Act 5th Geo. I.; and Treasury W arrant, 8th July 1801.

Royal Sign Manual, 27th January 1787.

Royal Sign Manual, 16th July 1801.

- - Ditto

Royal Sign Manual, 20th February i8qq.

Andrew Balfour, Esq.Solicitor of Tythes.

Henry Jardine, Ef;. Deputy King’s Remembrancer.

- - Ditto -

John Hamilton, Esq. Receiver General, tec.

- - Ditto * - -

- - Ditto - -

John Campbell, Esq.

Paid to Sir Peter Murray, King's Remembrancer, for Payment of Account due James Clephane, for Wo.rk done in the King's Remembrancer’s Office in the Register Office -To account of Expence of Processes before the Court of Session, relative to Tythes ——

Paid to John Bushby, recommended by the Lords of the Treasury to survey the Crown Lands in Caith-ness for Coal .... Paid to John Rulhby and

Hederick, for Purveying the Crown Lands in Caithness for Coal/

For Payment of Pensions and other Ofncersj Quarter, ended 5th July 1801 -

- - - Ditto

- - - Ditto Equivalent Company, 5th July 1801

John Hamilton, Esq. Re ceiver General, Sec.

Dr. Daniel Rutherford -

Henry Haggart, Esq. Secretary to the Cale etonian Hunt.

Tho. Henderson, Trra-surer to the Town of Edinburgh.

Dr. William Gloag, His Majesty’s Almoner.

Treasury Warrant, 17th AuguA lSox.

Royal Sign Manual, xxth October iSox.

Privy Seal, 19th June 1761, and Treasury Warrant, 20th Oftoucr 1801.

- Ditto -

- - Ditto - - -Act 5th Geo. I.; and

Sign Manual, 3d September 1761.

Royal Sign Manual, dated 27th January 1787. Commission, 3d March 1786.

Order of Court, and Certificate of His Majesty’s Advocate.

- - Ditto -

Royal Sign Manual, 7th

June 1789.

Royal Sign Manual, dated 9th December 1801.

Order of Court, 16th December 1801.

Royal Sign Manual, 17th December 1801.

John Hamilton, Esq. Receiver General, Sec.

- - Ditto

- - Ditto - -

£. s. d.

- 5>654 S 9i

2,000 — —

500 — —

2.65O — —

Annuity due Trustees for Fisheries) and Manufactures, 5th July 1801

Expence of Botanic Garden, 5th July I 1801

For a Plate to be run for at such time| as the said Hunt shall fix

For a Plate to be run for on the Sands

of Leith -

Over-expended in defraying the Expence of Alms and Bead men’s | Gowns preceding 4th June 1799,1 and Fees of Warrant at the Trea-| fury and Exchequer -Robert Watson, Accountant in the I Receiver General’s Office, for extra! Trouble in the Business of his| Office -

Paid to Alexander Gardner, Esq. Deputy Treasurer’s Remembrancer,! for Trouble with the Militia AlLI in Scotland, for 1798, 17999 anu| 1800 -

Payment of Pensions and other Officers, xoth Octoberi8oi

150 — —

173 5 —

2,000 — —

- - Ditto -

- - Ditto - -John Campbell, Esq.

Dr. Daniel Rutherford -

Mark Pringle, Esq.Chamberlain of Ettrick Forrft Henry Jard*ne, Esq. Deputy King’s Remembrancer.

- - Ditto - - -Andrew Balfour, Solicitor for Tythet.

John Hamilton, Esq. Receiver General, tec.

- Ditto •

- - Ditto Equivalent Company, 10th Octoberl

1801 -

1,000 — —

6,398 ii 8

Crown Rents and Casualties. King’s Revenue.

TOTAL,

Appendix, (No. 67.) to* Junii,

continued•

Brought forward - £.

d. £. t. d.

2,000 — —

172,099 15

150-----

50-----

Sir P. Murray, Bart.

King’s Remembrancer John Hamilton, Esq. Re ceiver General, dec.

By Order of the Lords of the Treasury.

Royal Sign Manual, 2d August 1788.

Privy Seal, dated 19th June 1761; and Treasury Warrant, 14th January 1802.

- Ditto -

- Ditto -

Act 5 Geo. 1.; and Sign

Manual, dated 3d September 1761.

Royal Sign Manual, 13th January 1802.

Royal Sign Manual, dated 27th January 1787. Order of Court

By His Majesty’s Command, signified by the Duke of Portland.

Henry Jardine, Esq. D<* putv King’s Remem branccr. l-icnry Jardine, Esq.

John Hamilton, Esq. Re ceiver General, Sec

- - Ditto -

_ - Ditto -

John Campbell -

Juhn Hamilton, Esq,

Dr. Daniel Rutherford -

David Ewart, Writer in Chancery.

Juhn Hamilton, Esq. Receiver General, 5cc.

1,650 — —

Expence of Botanic Garden, 10th October 1801

Salary; Half Year, to Martinmns iloi -Paid to MefTrs. Dundas and Suttie, Crown Agents, for Teinds: Payment of their Account, to Martinmas i8ot -

Ditto of Imprest, and upon Account -Salary; Half-year, to 7th December 1801 - - - " #

Paid to Hugh Warrender, Esq. without Account, other than such as he may be required to render to the Lords of the Treasury For keeping Coraptrolment Roll of Seizures of Customs, year 1801 -

Paid to William Mitford, Esq. with out Account, to be paid into the Exchequer in London, for the Use of His Majesty’s Civil Government -

,i5°°-----

- 5,000 -•---

54 15 9

105-----

105 — —

69 4 10

54 *5 9

250 — —

34* 5 10

150-----

40-----

T#tal Year 1801 -138,276 8 2

Paid to MefTrs. Hederick and Bushby, for surveying Crown Lands in I Caithness for Coal - -

>r a Plate, to be fh*»t for by the] Royal Company of Scotch Archers Payment of Pensions and other Ofti-j cess, 5th January 1801

- - Ditto . - - Ditto ‘ - "1 5>7°*

Equivalent Company; Quarter, ended

5th January 1802 -

3

Paid to Hugh Warrender, Esq. upon!

Account, for Criminal Prosecutions I 2,000 — —

Expence of Botanic Garden, to 3th|

January i8c2 - *,

For bringing Chancery Records to the Exchequer, to revise Signatures -1 To Henry Jardine, Deputy King’s] Remembrancer, for Payment ofl Accounts due for Repairs upon Holyrood House, and Furniture for the Royal Apartment*

9,508 19 iii 19,000 — — I 7>3°°

1,000 -

2,500-----

1,000 — —

1,650 — —

*.335 >4 "

50 -20

Carried forward

54 JS 9

7 8.4*1

* 4TS

143,510 iS 1 rt

e rv

910

Appendix.

Appendix,

(No. 67.)

to* Junii,

continued.

Monies paid under Warrants or Precepts of the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland—continued.

Date of each Warrant.

x8b».

Feb. 3,

*5-

Mar. 15.

April 13.

14*

15-

May 18.

aS* June 2.

*2.

The Authority by which the same was Paid.

Power from the Lords ofljohn Hamilton, Esq. the Treasury, dated|

22th March 1791.

Order of Court, June j$00.

[Royal Sign Manual, February 1801.

24th!

soth J,

By Order of the Lords oI the Treasury.

q Henry Jar dine, Esq. De-| puty King's Remem brancer.

[john Hamilton, Esq. Re-] ceiver General, &c.

Sign J(

[Treasury Minute, 28th|J< December 2787.

Order of Court

Royal Sign Manual, 28thj April 2802.

- Ditto - -

Royal Sign Manual, agtbj April 1802.

Order of Court

May 1802.

The Person in whose Favour Drawn.

Henry Jardine, Esq. Deputy King's Remem brancer.

dim Hamilton, Esq. Re-| ceiver General, &c.

[Privy Seal, 19th June 2762; and Treasury Warrant, 9th April 1802.

- Ditto I- - Ditto -

|- - Ditto Act 5 Geo. I.; and Manual, 3d Sept. 1761.

Royal Sign Manual, 27th January 1787.

Royal Sign Manual, 15th!John Hamilton, Esq. -| April 2794; and Aftr 39 Geo. III. c. 66. 1

[Paid to Henry Jardine, Esq. Deputy King’s Remembrancer, for Pay-j ment of Accounts due for fitting) up and furnishing Apartments in the Register Office, allotted to the Court of Exchequer, and removing Records -

To be paid to the Committee of| Heritors, for repairing the Church of St. Andrew’s

For Payment of Surplusages to the Sheriffs Depute, on their Accounts,! to Whitsunday, 1802 -

Paid to MefTrs. Hederickand Bushby, for surveying Crown Lands in Caithness, for Coal

For Payment of Pensions and other Officers, 5th April 180a

- Ditto - -

- Ditto

- Ditto

ohn Campbell, Esq.

Dr. Daniel Rutherford -

ohn Hamilton, Esq. R©-] ceiver General, &c.

William Bethunc, Clerk] in Chancery.

[John Hamilton, Esq. Re-] ceiver General, &c.

|- - Ditto - -

- Ditto - -

|Alexr Gardner, Esq. De-| puty Treas. Remembrancer. ‘

Royal Sign Manual, 27thjjohn Hamilton, Esq. Re-

•9.

July 5.

6.

[Commission, dated 3d] March 2786.

[Royal Sign Manual, 22d] June 2802.

By Order of the Lords ofl Henry Jardine, Esq.

14-

*9-

Aug. 6.

Oft. 6.

SL

3°-

[Royal Sign Manual, xoth| June 2802.

[Royal Sign Manual, 7th] June 1789.

[Order of Court

L

ceiver General, &c.

The Purpose for ibhich Drawn.

the Treasury.

By His Majesty’s Command, signified to thr| Barons, by the Duke] of Portland.

jOrderof Court

Privy Seal, 19th June] 17615 and Treasury, Warrant, 9th July] 1802.

|- - Ditto Ditto Ditto

Act 5th Geo. I.; and) Royal Sign Manual! dated 3d September] 2761.

Royal Sign Manual, 27th] January 1787.

[Royal Sign Manual, 2d| August 2788.

Act 5 Geo 1.5 and Trea fury Warrant, dated] 28th July 1802.

Royal Sign Manual, dated] 15th September 1802.

Order of Court -

Act 5 Geo. I.; and Royal Sign Manual, dated, 3d September 276

Royal Sign Manual, dated] 27th January 2787.

Privy Seal, 19th June] 2761 5 and Treasury Warrant, 27th Octo-| ber jSo2.

- Ditto - - Ditto

1

Carfrae, Treasurer to] the Town of Edin-| burgh.

Andrew Balfour, Esq. So-] licitor of Tythes.

- Ditto

• - - Ditto -

I- - - Ditto

- Ditto -

Equivalent Company, 5th April x8o2|

Expence of Botanic Garden, 5th April 2802

| James Clerk, Sheriff Depute of Edinburgh, upon Account for the Public Service -

Paid to Henry Jardinfe, Esq. Deputy King’s Remembrancer, in lieu ofl Coach-house and Stables for the) Barons

For copying Responde Books transmitted to Exchequer Paid to Francis Lord Napier, Commissioner to the General Assembly of the Church, for his Expences Ditto, Additional

Paid to the Pror. for the Church, forj Itinerant Preachers and Catechifts -[Twenty-five per-Cent on Feu and. Blench Duties, payable to His Majesty, discovered by him Paid to Hugh Warrender, Esq. with out Account, other than such as] shall be required by the Lords of] the Treasury |For a Plate to be run for on Leith Sands

|Mark Pringle, Esq.] Chamberlain of Et-| trick forest.

John Hamilton, Esq. Re-] ceiver General, &c.

D. K. R.

[John Hamilton, Esq. Re ceiver General, &c.

Andrew Balfour, Esq.

Solicitor of Tythes. [John Hamilton, Esq. Receiver General, &c.

r - Ditto -

Ditto - - Ditto [John Campbell, Esq.

Dr. Daniel Rutherford -]

Henry Jardine, Esq.

[John Hamilton, Esq. Re-| ceiver General, &c.

tary to the Caledonian Hunt, jjo. Hathorne, Esq. -

Jo. Campbell, Esq. - -]

Dr. Daniel Rutherford

[John Hamilton, Esq. Re-] ceiver General, &c.

Ditto

Ditto

Salary to 7th June 2802

For taking care of the Interest of the Crown before the Court of Session; Year, to 7th June 1802 Salary Half-year, to Whitsunday 2802

Paid to John Spottifwood, Esq. with out Account, for Business done, and Fees paid, in consequence of His Majesty’a Orders -Paid to MefTrs. Hederick and Buftiby, for surveying for Coal, in Caithness Paid to Henry Jardine, Esq. Deputy) King’s Remembrancer, for Repairs! and Furniture for the Royal Apartments in Holyrood House -Upon Account, for Expence of Pro-] cesses relative to Tythes For Payment of Pensions and other] Officers, 5th July 1802

- - Ditto

I- - - Ditto

- - - Ditto -

Equivalent Company, 5th July 2802

Botanic Garden, 5th July 1802

For a Plate to be (hot for by the Royal Company of Scotch Archers - -Annuity due Trustees for Fisheries] and Manufactures, 5th July 1802 -

Henry Haggart, Secre-lFor 2 Plate to be run for at such time

at the said Hunt dull fix

[Repayment of Feu Dudes overpaid by ! him -

Equivalent Company 5 Quarter, ended 20th October 1802 -

Expence of Botanic Garden, 20th Oc-j tober 1802 For Payment of Pensions and other Officers, xoth October 1802 - -|

- - Ditto -

- - Ditto -

"s'

\5 Geo. III.

Appendix.

911

Monies paid under Warrants or Precepts of the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland—continued.

Date ef each '^NWarrant.

1802.

■iov. 25*

30.

Bcc. 9.

*3*

20.

itoq.

Jan. 18,

*9-

*5-

Feb. 2.

14-

March 1.

*5

April 22,

a9-

Jay 18.

24-

Royal Sign Manual, dated 4th November 1802.

Order of Court -

The Authority by which the fame wa« Paid.

Order of Court, and Certificate of His Majesty's Advocate.

- - Ditto -

Order of Court, 16ih December 1801.

Order of Court -

- Ditto

Royal Sign Manual, dated 17th December 1802.

Order of Court, 20th December 1802.

Act 5 Geo. I.; and Royal Sign Manual, dated 3d September 1761.

Privy Seal, 19th June 1761; and Treasury Warrant, dated 15th January 1803.

- - Ditto - Ditto

Royal Sign Manual, 27th January 1787.

Royal Sign Manual, 15th January 1803; and Act 39 Geo. 111. c. 66.

Order of Court -

CommHEon, 3d March 1786.

Order of the Lords of the Treasury*

The Person In whose Favour Drawn.

Order of Court, dated 2d February 1803.

Order of Court -

Royal Sign Manual, 16th February 1803.

Royal Sign Manual, 18th February 1803.

Royal Sign Manual, 3d March 1803.

Privy Seal, 19th June 1761 j and Treasury Warrant, 19th April 1803-

• - Ditto - - Dirt#

Act 5 Geo. I.} and Royal Sign Manual, 3d Sep tenrcber 1761.

Royal Sign Manual, 27th January 1787.

Royal Sign Manual, 29th April 1803.

Alexr Earl of Leven and Melville.

John Hamilton, Esq. Receiver General, Sec,

Henry Jardine, Esq. Deputy King's Remembrancer.

- . Ditto

Sir P. Murray, Bart. King's Remembrancer.

H. Jardine, Esq. Deputy King’s Remembrancer.

- - Ditto

John Hamilton, Esq. Receiver Genera), itc.

John Hamilton, Esq. Receiver General, Scc.

John Campbell, Esq. -

John Hamilton, Esq. Re ceiver General, dec.

• - Ditto *-- - Ditto

Dr. Daniel Rutherford -

John Hamilton, Receiver General, dec*

David Ewart, Writer in Chancery.

Mark Pringle, Esq. Chamberlain of Ettrick Forett.

Henry Jardine, Esq. Deputy King's Remembrancer.

John Hamilton, Esq. Receiver Ceneral, dec.

Geo. Tod, Writer in Edinburgh.

John Hamilton, Esq. Receiver General, dec.

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

John Hamilton, Esq. Receiver General*

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

John Campbell, Esq. -

- Ditto

Act 39 Geo. III. c. 66. and Royal S’gn Manual, 15th April 1794-Treasury Minute, 28th December 1787.

Order of Court -

Royal Sign Manual, dated 19th April 1803.

- - Ditto

- - Ditto

Dr. Daniel Rutherford -

John Hamilton, Esq. Re-K ceiver General, dec.

- - Ditto

- Ditto

Henry Jardinv, Esq. Deputy King's Remembrancer.

William Bethune, Clerk in Chancery.

ohn Hamilton, Esq. Receiver Genera), dtc.

- - Ditto

Ditto -

The Purpose for which Drawn.

In Satisfaction of aPension of £.800 a year, intended to have been granted by His Majesty to David Earl of Le-yen and Melville, deceased -Paid to James Miller, Factor, for the Creditors of the deceased Lord Bal-lenden, the ancient and heritable Salary, payable to. him and his Heirs as heritable Ulher of Exchequer, from 10th October 1794 to 5th July 1802 -

Paid to Me firs. Dundat and Suttie, Crown Agents for Teinds j Balance of their Accounts, to Martinmas 1802 -

Paid to Ditto, of Imprett, and upon Account - For keeping Comptrolmeot Roll of Seizures of Customs; year 1802 -

Paid to Principal Playfair, for repairing the Cattle of St. Andrew's For Payment of Accounts due for Cloathing to His Majesty's Trumpeters - -

Paid to Hugh Warrender, Esq. without Account, other than such as may be required by the Lords of the Treasury -Paid to Henry Jardine, Esq. Deputy King’s Remembrancer, upon Account, for Repairs on Holyrood House -

Total Year 1802

Equivalent Company $ Quarter, ended 5th January 1803

For Payment of Pensioni and other Officers, 5th January 1803 -

- - - Ditto -

- - - Ditto -

Expence of Botanic Garden, 5th Ja nuary 1803 -

Paid to Sheriffs Depute in payment of the Surplusage on their Accounts, to Whitsunday 1802 - For bringing Chancery Records to the Exchequer for revising Signatures Salary; Half Year, to Martinmas 1802 -

Paid to Messrs. Hederick and Buffiby, in full of Balance of Accounts due thetti for surveying for Coal in Caithness -Paid to Henry Jardine, Deputy King's Remembrancer, for Repairs on Holyrood House Repayment of Feu Duties overpaid by John Affleck and William Douglas -Paid to Hugh Warrender, Esq. with out Account, other than such as he may be required to render by the Lords of the Treasury -

Paid to Hugh Warrender, Esq. upon Account, for Criminal Prosecutions Lord Cullen, intervening Salary as one of the Lords of Judiciary, from Lord Swinton's death to the day of his Appointment as a Lord of Justiciary Payment of Pensions and other Officers, 5th April 1803 -

Paid out of the Revenue of CUSTOMS:

King's Revenue.

2,000 — —-

*5»°36 15 7

7,000-----

- - Ditto -- - - Ditto -

Equivalent Company, 5th April x8og

Expence of Botanic Garden, 5th April 1803 -

Paid to William Mitford, Esq. without Account, to be applied for the Use and Service of His Majesty's Civil Government -Paid to Hugh Warrender, Esq. without Account, other than such as he may be required to render to the Lords of the Treasury - -

Paid to James Clerk, Esq. Sheriff Depute of Edinburgh, to Account for Public Service -Allowance in lieu of Coach-house and Stables for the Barons - -

300 — •—1

5.353 9 7

2,000 — —

5/>oo — —

For Copies of Responde Books trans mitted to Exchequer -

rxj

Paid to Pror. for the Church of Scotland, for Itinerant Preachers and Catechitts - Ditto to Franci* Lord Napier, Commissioner to the General Assembly, for his Expences -Paid to Ditto, additional

1,000 — —

Paid out of the Revenue of EXCISE:

Public Revenue. King's Revenue.

£- 1. J.

66 3 6

10,084 7 —r*

2,650 — —

£• *• d*

1,000 — —

24,000 —

2,000 — — 567 16 3 i

138 x 8

400-----

1,500 2,000

2,000 — —

3,000 —

Public Revenue.

Crown Rents and Casualties.

King’s

Revenue.

Brought forward - £.

d.

7,300 —■ —

*/>»♦ 17 6$

200 -

416 13 9}

150-----

24 5 -

168 6 xo

,» -

TOTAL.

Appendix, (No. 67.) 20* Jumi,

continued.

248,520 18 it\>

3*003

17 3ti

*5 9 - 1

2,650 — —

1,000

JOO

54

5 - —

*50 — —

310 ,3 10

it 6 t

<9>4*4 1.9

54 U 9

60

30

10

Ctrritd for*ui - - - £■ 3«7,94S

’A.

912

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix,

;Xo. 67.)

10* Ju

continued.

Monies paid under Warrants or Precepts of the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland—continued.

Date of each Warrant T'he Authority by which the fame was Paid. The Person in whose favour Drawn.

>803. June 22. Royal Sign Manual, dated Henry Jarninr, Esq. De-

ill June 1803. puty King’s Remembrancer.

Order of Court, iSth John Hamilton, Esq. Re-

June 1803. ceiver General, Scc.

J«iy s- Commission, dated 3d Mark Pringle, Esquire, Chamberlain of Ettrick

March 1786.

Foieft.

II. Royal Sign Manual, dated John Hamilton, Esq. -

2d July 1803.

Act 5 Gen. I. and Trea- - - Ditto -

fury Warrant, dated ad July 1803.

*5 Royal Sign Manual, 7th Andretf Balfour, Solici-

June 1789. for of Tythes.

— - - Ditto - Ditto -

l8. Royal Sign Manual, ad August 1788. 1 Henry Jardine, Esq. -

IS Royal Sign Maagn’# 4thJames Carfrae, Esquire,

July 1803. * 1 Treasurer to the City

1 of Edinburgh.

18. Privy Seal, 19th June John Hamilton, Ffq. Re-

1761; & Treasury Warrant, 14th fuly 1803. ceiver General, See.

- - Ditto - Ditto -

- - Ditto - - - - * Ditto -

— Act 5 Geo. I.; and Royal Sign Manual, dated 3d September 1761. John Campbell, Esq.

to. Royal SignManual, dated 27th January X7I7. Dr. Daniel Rutherford -

Aug 22. Royal Sign Manual, 14th John Hamilton, Esq. Re-

July 1803. ceiver General, &c.

Sept. 8. Royal Sign Manual, 23d - - Ditto -

August 1803.

to. Royal Sign Manual, 7th Henry Haggart, Esq. Se-

September 1803. cretary to the Caledonian Hunt.

Nov. 7. Privy Seal, 19th June John Hamilton, Esq. Re-

17615 and Treasury Warrant, jft November 1803. ceiver General.

— - - Ditto - - - - - Ditto -

Act 5 Geo. I.; and Royal Sign Manual, 3d September 1761. John Campbell, Esq.

— Royal Sign Manual, 27th January 1787. Dr. Daniel Rutherford -

X. Royal Sign Manual, nth i John Hamilton, Esq. Re-

October 1803. ceiver General, Sec.

The Purpose for which Drawn.

tii Glasgow, for Repairs in the Cathcdiai Church of GJafgow, and firting up a Royal Seat there - -

Paid out of the Revenue of CUSTOMS:

m/j\

King's Revenue.

—-----1

Public Revenue.

upon Account for Repairs on Holy-rood House -

Salary, Half year to Whitsunday 1803

Paid to John Spottifwood, Esq. without Account, for Business dene, and Fees paid, in consequence of His Majesty'a Orders -

annuity due the Trustees for Fish-eries and Manufactures, 5th July 1803 -

Crown before the Court of Session 5 said Period ——

For a Plate to be shot for by the Royal Company of Scotch Archers

Sands

For Payment of Pensions and other Officers; Quarter, ended 5th July 1803 ......

- - Ditto -

- - Ditto -

Equivalent Company, 5th July 1803.

Expence of Botanic Garden $ Quarter, ended 5th July 1803

Paid to Hugh Cleghorn, Esq. without Account, other than such as he may be required to render to the Lords of the Treasury

Paid to Alexander Mundell, Solicitor at Law, without Account, for his Expences and Trouble in attending the Courts of Law and Equity, and foliating Business in the Houses of Parliament relating to Scotland, in the hellions 1801 and i8oe

For a Plate to be run for at such time as the said Hunt shall fix

For Payment of Pensions and other Officers, 10th October 1803

- - Ditto - -

Equivalent Company; Quarter, ended 10th October 1803 -

Royal Sign Manual, ad November 1803.

- Ditto -

Dec. 6. Order of Court, 16th December 1S01 Sir Patrick Murray, Bart. King’s Remembrancer.

7- Order of Court - - Walter Scott, Esq. Sheriff Depute of Selkirk.

*4- Order of Court, and Cer-t'ficarp of Majesty’s Advocate. Henry Jardine, Esq. Deputy King’s Remembrancer.

— - - Ditto -

21. Royal Si^n Manual, 7th June 1789 Andrew Balfour, Esq. Solicitor of Tythes.

1804. J an. 6. Commission, dated 3d March 1786. Mark Pringle, Esquire, Chamberlain of Ettrick Forest.

*7- Act 39 Geo. III. c. 66 5 and Royal Sign Manu.t) tated jd January 1804. John Hamilton, Esq. Receiver General, Sic.

300 — —

1,000 — —

3»i69 7 10

2,000 ——

1,000 — —

659 17 6

Botanic Garden, 10th October 1803

Paid to'Alexander Mundell, Esq. to reimburse the like Sum paid by him for Expences of Bill, for settling Disputes betwixt Mailers and Journeymen in the Cotton Manufacture of Scotland -

Paid to William Mitford, Ffq. without Account, to be applied to the Service of His Majesty’s Civil Government -

For keeping Comptrolment Roll of Seizures of Customs, Year 1803 -

Repayment of Retour Duties over-charged on James Pringle, of Tor-woodlee, Esq. -

Paid to Mefirs. Dundas and Suttlc, Crown Agents for Tythes, in Pay-rnen&of Balance of their Accounts, to Martinmas 1803 -

Ditto of Imprest, and upon Account Salary, to 7th December 1803

Imprest, and upon Account

Total, Year 1803

Salary, to Martinmas 1803

For Payment of Sheriffs Depute of the Surplufiges due on their Accounts, to Whitsunday 1893 " -

5,000 — —

5,000 -{ 20

£ d>

Paid out of the Rt venue of EXCISE:

King's Revenue.

Public Revenue.

£. d.

4,000-----

j,cj3 18 8

269 — 7

Crown Rents and C a fu allies.

King’s

Revenue.

Brought forward - -

£• i. d. £. 1.

l, OCO —

2,650 — —

2,650 — —

38,80* 14 11 | 3,188 I 8 *1,890 15 6J 11,964 17 6j'*,*64 8—,*,

250 -- —

total

D7.J45

So-----

20 — — 20 — —

105-----

54 15 9

105

54 *5 9

7 10 io, j,

283 13

150-----

40-----

*,097 3tj

Carried forward -

250 — —

78,110 *7

*5

45 Geo. III

Appendix.

913*

Date The Authority The Perf n

cf each by which in whoso Favour

Warrant. thr fame wis Paid. Di awn.

t *04. I

J.n. 17 Rov *1 S‘*rn Mjn« »l,d ucd John J| im‘!r -»n, FG. Re.;

3>f January 1004. i«.%ei (,cnrial, dec.

— - - Ditto - - 1 - - Ditto - - j

*>• *'iivv Soal. yq'h 1 -t I, Ac '1 UT9 V. . 1 rant 19 h fonuiry ilea - - Dt;j - - 1 - - D rm

- 1M to - ’

— - - Ditto - 1 - - D o

— AM t I j and R v*l J ’h*i ( airpbei., tl3. -

S gn Xlanual, dated 3,1 S-pmr^ frrr I *»b 1. 1

s4* Royal Syn M *nuai, 27'h Dr. D»nTr* Rti»herfnrd -

J nu*ry fS*. |

3* Oidrr ot Court - \ John Murray, h fq.

mmmm tJrdrf of C. urt, 14th Ifo^ry fird’ne, Ffq. D*-

January 18.4. po'y K.;.g’s Remem-

brancer.

Feb. i. Order of Court - David Fwirt, Clerk ir

C h JQvsiy.

*. - - D tto Thomas flfoag, Esq. De-

puty Aln.oner.

*4- Royal Sign Manual, 7th 'John Hanulron, Esq. Re-

J>ruu) 1X04. ceiver C»* n;r*l.

Aftii j. \i n Manua., aid March - - Ditto

1804.

MO. l’rivv Seal, 19th Jurre J- hn Hamilton, Ff^, Be

S*»6l, and Treasury cciver Ceneioi, &c.

Warrant, 17th Apr! •1 4. - - D tto

— Ditto

— - . Ditto - - D'rfn

— AM $’S Or. 1.; and John Campbell, Lfq. -

Rovalu gn ATanual, 3d J September 1761. Dr. Daniel Rutherford

11. Royal Sign M mual, 17th '

January S7X1. J »hn Hamilroo, Ffq. Re

5°* Aa 39th Cieo. 111. c. 66.}

and RuvalK Manual, 1 Jih Apn' 1 '94. cciver oencial. - D tto

May 11. Koval Sign Manual, 9th

Mav 1S04. - - D.;tn

— - - D.tto

- - Ditto - - D :to

31* Ord't of C urt - - j W. l erScmt, ! fq. Sheriff

J epute ut Sr.kirk

]SM l8. 1 IVaury Minute, dated Henry Ja'd’n*, T'fq. De

iSth December 1 87. 1 puty King’s kemern* bf mccr.

)rder of Court - - Wulum Brthunr, Cle^k

1 in Chancery.

- - D.tto - - - J hn Harr ii*on, Frc. Re

conei General, Aw.

- - Ditto - Ditto

»6. Treafiry Warrant, dated - - Ditto

llth June I&04.

Ju,y 5- Authority fonm the - - Ditto

LnrJs Ol thr 'I ralury, nth March J 7 V * *

Anval Si^n Manual, 7th Andrew Balfour, F q. So-

J me t7?.o. Order of Court " licitor vf Tythca.

— _ - Ditto

to. Royal Sim Manual, 27th fishes Jack fm, Ffq.

June i«c4. Tieafuier to the Tuwn I of tdinu«trh.

I;. Privy Seal, 10th June I John Ha^r ipoti, F.fq. Re-

1761, A: I reaiury W ar-ranr, 13th July 18^4. ceiver Cenera', Ac. . - Ditto

- - Di«t» -

- Di to - - D.tto

Af> ch Ge . I. { and Ijohn Campbell, Esq. -

Roya*>ia" Nianual, 3«

«8. SeprerT'b'r 1761. Royal Sign M muai, 27th Dr. Daniel Rutherford -

40. Jaouaiv 17^* R.>val Sign Manual, 2d Henry Jardine, £f-. -

( August 1788*

Monies puid under \\ arrant* or Precepts of the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland—continued.

The Purpose for which Drawn.

ManulaHu»rv, for deepening tV 11 Hbour ar Wuk, without Account, offer than such at they may be re. CJnei tn render to the Lords of the Tre ffury

h i to Hugh Wine^rf'r, Ffq. with OJt Acc> unt, other thin such *i !.e may be r*q'»ir.d n render to the I.cdi i t the '1 r-aftiry IV Payment rf Prnfiwt, and other Othccra, $th January 1804

. - - r.-o •

.... D.tto

Equivalent Company, Jth January iScj -

I r >ence of Bntanic Carden, 5*h January 1804 •

e aymer.t wt LGmnofition on Signa-turn overpiid by h m J’aid t ithe Clerks of Supply for fur-mshing Valuation Books to the Court, for the Aec"innr»odation of tl e Public, and facilitating the Pufimflot the Office -i\ r bin g>n* Ct ancery Records to Excl cquer to ffr ke Compotmoni on St.natures determined by in'eilit) S-1 my of l!ii Mijffty’j Al-rroner, from iff June itc^a to ^cth Ainl 1X03, he having dune the Duty for ff»ar P nod -

Paid to Hutth Warrendee, Esq. upon Account, for Criminal Prosecut»ns Paid to Henry Jardine, Esq. pepu’y K np Rrmro.bi aneer, and by him pin to the Sheriff Depute of the County of Invrrnest, for building a Hriet^e over thr Sr»ey

‘ or Payment ot Penlmn*, and other Officers, 5th April 1S04

» Ditto -

... Ditto

iquivaffnc Company, 5th April 1804

5th

rpence rf Batanic Carden,

April fS<,4 -

’aid to Jimes Cleric, Ffq. Sheriff Depute of Edi iburgh, of Imprest, and upon Account -

"> tht Procurator for the Church, for itinerant Preachers and Cathechilfs Pnd t'» Francis Lord Napier, Commitu >ner to the general Ailembiy, for his f rpences -- - Ditto, Additional

Repayment of Non-enfry Duties overcharge on him for the Lands of Prie.' ni pc -

\Uowance in lieu of Coach-house and Stables for the Barons

Paid our of the Revenue of

CUSTOMS:

King’s Revenue.

Public Revenue.

I. d.

1,000 ---—

1,500-----

4,000 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 -- —

I,coo —

I,coo-----

5co-----

or Copies of Rrfpomle Books, trans-mittej to the 1 realurer’s Remembrancer -

aiJ to Andrew Jimiffon, Sheriffj Sjbltitutr ul Fife, and James Steed-man f >1 Kmrols, Interim Salaries of fa id Officers, they bavins done the duty untd a A«.w Sheriff was ap pointed - a j.il to Thomas Fairhairn, Sheriff' Substitute of Haddington, Interim Salary, from Mr. Law'sRefignation to the Date of Mr Burnett’* Commission -Haid to the Trustees f >r Fisheries and Manufactures, Surplulage of the Duty on Malt, for the Year 1*99 -Paid t* Henry Jardine, Esq. Deputy King’s RememDiancer, for Payment of Account due to Francis1 Braid wood for Furnffhings to the Exchequer Apartments in the Re gifter Off e - •

Salary, to 7th June 1804

Fir filcing rare of the Interest of the Crown before the Court of Sfssion -

For a Plate to be run for on Leith Sands -

for Payment of Prnfions, snd other Officers j Quarter, ended 5th Julyj iSc 4 -

- - - - Ditto -

- - - Ditto -

Equivalent Company, 5th July 1804

Expence * ( Botanic Garden, t# 5th , July 1S.4 -

For a P ate to be /hot for by the Royal Company of Scotch Archer*

t. d.

4,650-----

400 — —

Paid out of the Revenue of

EXCISE:

King’s Revenue.

1. d.

3, COO ---

2,624 14

500 — — 4,000-----

4,*10 11 — {

10 5 7

t 6 ic$

1,650-----

Public Revenue.

Crown Rents

and

Casualtiea,

King's

Revenue.

Brought forward -

C• '• d.

£• *• d.

54 IS 9 4 1 ii8

118 14 —

38- 3{

*,6jo-----

6,oco —

3>»l6

1,4jo S lit

S4 »5 9

16 5 j

60 — —

30-----

Appendix,

----- (No. 67.)

20* Junii,

TOTAL. continued.

196,056 15 SA;

40-----

20 — — 105-----

108 6 8

54 IS 9 10 — — Carried forward -

396,056 15 *j£

914

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix, (No. 67.) *0* Junti,

Monies paid under Warrants or Precepts of the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland—

Datu of each Warrant. The Authority by which the fame was Paid. The Person in whose Favour Drawn.

1804. J«Jy H- Act 5 Geo. L; and Treasury Warrant, i8>.h July 1804- John Hamilton, Esq. Receiver General, Sic.

Royal Sign Manual, 19th July 1804. - - Ditto -

Aug. 7. Royal Sign Manual, 26th July 1804. - - Ditto -

- Royal Sign Manual, 13th July 1804. - - Ditto - -

— Commission, dated 3d March 1786. Mark Pringle, Esq. Chamberlain of Ettrick Forest.

Sept. j. Royal Sign Manual, a8th August 1804. John Hamilton, Esq. Receiver General, &c.

- - - Ditto - Ditto -

11. Ditto, ift August 1804 Henry Haggart, Esq. Secretary to the Caledonian Hunt.

Oft. 10. Royal Sign Manual, 4th October 1804. John Hamilton, Esq. Receiver General, &c.

49* Royal Sign Manual, 27th January 1787. Dr. Daniel Rutherford -

Privy Seal, 19th June 1761; and Treasury Warrant, 23d October 1804. John Hamilton, Esq. Receiver General, dec.

M - - Ditto - Ditto -

- - Ditto - Ditto -

— - - Ditto - Ditto -

*■ Act 5 Geo. 1.; and Sign Manual, 3d Sept. 1761. John Campbell, Esq.

Royal Sign Manual, ift August 1804. Rev. Mr. John Paton, His Majesty*s Almoner.

In. si. Order of Court, and Certificate of His Majesty’s Advocate. Henry Jardine, Esq Deputy King's Remembrancer.

- - - Ditto - Ditto -

Commission, 3d March 1786. Mark Pringle, Esq.Chamberlain of Ettrick Forest.

mmm Order of Court - - - William Mackenzie, Esq. Agent for the Marquis and Marchioness of Stafford.

*9* Ditto, 16th December 1801. Sir Pat. Murray, Bart. 1 King’s Remembrancer.

The Purpose for which Drawn.

Paid to Trustees for F;flicries and Manufactures, Annuity due them 5th July 1804 -Paid to John Spottifwood, Esq. without Account, for Business done, and Fees paid, in consequence of His Majesty’a Orders -[Paid to Hugh Warrender, Esq. without Account, other than such at he may he required to render to the Lords of the Treasury Paid to John Pringle, Esq. for executing the Office of Sheriff Depute of the Counties of Aberdeen and Fife, and Kinross [Salary, to Whitsunday 1(04 -

Paid to John Buchan, Esq. Solicitor of Exchequer, for discharging Expences incurred in Carrying on Prosecutions -----[Paid to Henry Jardine, Esq. for His Majesty’t Printers for Scotland, upon Account, for the Expence of! printing the first Volume of Parliament Records in Scotland, by Order of the Commissioners for Public Records - For a Plate, to be run for at such time as the said Hunt shall fix

[Paid to the Directors of the Royal Academy at Edinburgh, to discharge Debt contracted on Account of said Academy -Expence of Botanic Garden, 10th October 1804 -

Officers; Quarter, ended 10th October 1804 -

-. - - Ditto -

- - - Ditto -

- - - Ditto -Equivalent Company, zoth October

1804 -

Without Account, to clear alt Charges of the increase of Charity to His Majesty’tBluegowasand Beadfmen, upon or before the 4th June 1804 or Payment of Balance of Accoui due MefTrs. Dun das and Suttie, Crown Agents, for Teinds, to Martinmas 1804

Ditto

of Salmon Fishing of Helmfdale, erroneously charged on them

Seizures, Year 1804 -

Total Year 1804 -

Paid out of the Revenue of CUSTOMS:

King’s Revenue.

£■ * i.

I,coo — —

*000 — —

1,000 — ---

1, a 00 — —

2,000 — —

797 1 —

28,017 1 —

Public Revenue.

King’s Revenue.

2,000

57 7

630 19 11

2,650 — —

x 1,066 11 5}

1

T

Paid out of the Revenue of

EXCISE.

2.500

4.500

31,251 8 si

Public Revenue.

Brought

s. /.

Crown Rents and Casualtiei* King’s

Revenue.

forward - £.

£• *• d.

total.

#396,056151 ft

250 — —

105 —

54 *5 9

lit 15 1

308 12 2

150-----

250 — —

48 14 6

6*178 5 2T? 2,285 12 3An78|798 1% 5A

EDINBURGH, EXCHEQUER CHAMBERS, 15th June 1805.

Carried forward -

.474,955 *4

ACCOUNT of His Majesty's HEREDITARY and RESERVED REVENUES in Scotland; distinguishing the several Branches of which

Branches of His Majesty’s Revenues.

1

O

s

C

G

s

u

Lordships:

CUSTOMS - Including New Subsidy and Seizures of Customs -

typist? S Including Hereditary and Temporary Excise, }

A \ and Fines and Forfeitures - - - J

Fife and Strathem -

Ross and Ardmannoch -

Dunbar and Ettrick Forest

Galloway and Duncoul -

Lindoies -

Property and Sheriff Roll* -

Burrow Rolls -

BiAioprick Rents -

C On Signatures -

o

V I

5

Comp lltions

On Tacks of Tythes -

Total of each Year -

,783-

£. s.

12,7n 4 x\

>3.094 2 7 A

*>>48 13 70 12 476 11 57o >0 698 >5

8f?

>T*

4tt

9*

29.770 9 >0t>.

1784.

£. t. d. >3.777 > —A 10,914 11

>4» 3 »A

579 8 10A

<535 >o-ri 83

9 10 728 4

*nr

7tt

449 — 3ri

27.3*8 4 2*

> 785-

£• *. d.

>6,407 5 9 A 12,152 18 2

5>3 >4

1,840 — 7ti

7> 9 7tt

435 >8 9t?

61422

32,035 9 2?*

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

015

Date of each Warrant. The Authority by which the fame wa* Paid. The Person in whose Favour Drawn.

1I05.

Jan. 17. Privy Seal, 19th June 1761 } and Treasur) Wat rant, 14th January 1805. John Gordon, Esq. Interim Receiver General, Arc.

— - - Ditto - - J * Ditto -

• - Ditto . - - Ditto - -j

— Act 5 Geo. 1.5 mi Sign Manual, 3d September j 1^61. John Campbell. Esq. -

Ro)ai S.gn Manual, 3d John Gordon, Esq. Ir. January 1805} and Act | tenth Receiver Gene-39 Geo 111. c. 66. rat, Sic

*r. Royal S gn Manual, 17th January 1787. Dr. Daniel Rutherford

SI. Letter of the Secretary of the Treasury, 10th January 1805. John Gordon, Esq. Interim Receiver General, Si c.

Mon.fs I’aid under Warrants or Preopts of the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland—

The Purpose for which Drawn.

For Payment of Pensions and other Office!*} Quarter, ended 5thjanu. ary 1805 «...

- - Ditto

• - - Ditto -

Equivalent Company, 5th January

i8c$

Jan. 31. Feb. 4.

Rovtl Sign Manual, 7th June 1789.

RuvalSign Manual, 16; January 1S05.

Andrew Bilfour, Esq. So-c»t<v cf Tythe*. ohn Gordo , Llq. Intertrn Receiver Gene-ra’, dec.

4. Order of Court, 4th Fe_ 1805. - - Ditto - - -|

— Order of Court - - David F.wa t, Clerk in Cni:.c r> j

March 25. (Ro>»' Sign P.lanual, 191!, March 1005. J dm G^rd *v Kr-. |,j. tenm Receiver Ge^e-ra , Ice.

April 12. Privy Seal, 19th June 17^*1 and Treasury Warrant, 8th A^rrl 1I05. Joh.. Gord >n, Esq. Interim Receiver General.

*— - - Ditto - - - - Diffo •

— - D rto - - - - Ditto -

— - Ditto - Ditto - — -

— Art 5fh Geo. I 3 and Royal Sign Manual, 3d Sir* emner i~6|. John Campbell, Esq.

• Ro S gn Manual, 27.h J »nuary 1787. Or. Daniel Rutherford - 1

Att _j9 Geo. ill. c. 66.; and Sign Ma ual, 15th 1794. John Gordon, Esq. In-j< lerini Receiver General, See.

Map si. R>v 1 S.gn Manual, 8th Aprtl 1805. - - Ditto - - - 1

- - Ditto ...

• DilCO - - - Ditto - - - I

For Sheriff* Depute, in Payment of Sui plufagtr* on their Account*, to W hi* Sunday 1804 Expence of Botanic Garden, 5th Ja nuary 1805 -

Paid to Henry Jardine, Esq. Deputy Kiag'i Remembrancer, for Payment of the Rent of the Buildings occupied by the Court of Exchequer, until the R-pair* upon the »ld Court Hnufecan be completed} Year, to Martinma* 1804 -

Salary, to 7th December 1804

Paid to Hugh War render, Esq. with-eut Account, other than he may be required to render to the Lord; of the Vreafury -He ry Jardiie, Esq. Deputy Kingh A*. 'tn.lrn er, upon Account, for j oJ ’’ c P-’acc of Hnyruod House - For hanging Chincrry Record* to Ex-cL qun to rt v ilr Signatures by Piiu to t.ugh WaTenicr, Llq. ot Im-pr* .1, a d ur>on Account for Cri-rr nal Prosecutioni - For i’avment or Penfton* and other Officers, 5th April 1805

Ditto - Ditto Ditto -

- Equivalent Company, 5th April 1805

Expence of Botanic Garden, 5th April 805 -

James Cleric, I l\|. sheriff’ Depute of *ht Coun'y or Edinburgh aid to Funds Lord Napier, Comtiil-fi ner to the General AlEembly, Summer 1805, for his Charge* and Expence* -

- - Ditto, Addition.*!

/id to Prt*urat*>r for the Church, for Itinerant Preachers and Cate chi ft*

Paid out of the Revenue of CUSTOMS:

Ring's Revenue.

£• d.

3.6*5 4 6}

1,500 — —

200 — —

a,000 — —

5,947 ix 10

1.000 — ■—

5oo-----

1.000 ——

5»*3* *6 4{

----->

Public Revenue.

Paid out of the Revenue of EXCISE:

— a

King’* Revenue.

£• t. 4.

2,65# — —

36O -- —

C

3,950-----

3,* jo-----

*,900 — —

1,900 — —

*.6jo — —

400 — —

6,060 — —

12,000 — —

Public Revenue.

Crown Rent* and Casualties.

King'*

Revenue.

Brought forward - £,

£■ >• d £. j.

3,«u 14 9rJ,

54 IS 9

40-----

total,

474,«JJ 14 111

3,611 14 91*- 300 11 —J

9im Total - - - £.

!45 *f H

54 15 9

|7,«oj iT

512,660 16 4-

Exunined, and Certified by

Francis Andcrjbn,

Dep* Audr.

they eonfilf; and Matins’ the Annual Receipts on each Branch; from the 31ft December 178a, to the latest Period to which the fame can be made out,

1787. 1788. 1789. ' 1790.

£- 5. d. £■ * d. £■ S. d. £. s. d.

*4>9°7 13 4 iT 24.653 1 4 1 £ 26,396 9 9tt 21,060 14 3t4x

11,690 4 m a 15,165 15 6A- 13,529 2 irr *4,963 5 7.V

- . - - 472 17 *A 00 CO 7rr

- - "

, - - "

2,44» 4 7 1,4‘28 IO i'iV 2,192 H 1 422 16

06 12 9x4£ 214 14 5-Ac «4 1 7t*t 69 11 7

' 806 8 4xt 758 - 3ti 841 S lit 380 17 7t%

745 15 9x2 369 i° 1,276 5 2A 1,741 18 10

40.657 J9 •it +2,589 12 8.\ 44,792 18 1T\ 38,873 »3 6A

1 7 9

d.

£■ '■ 24,160 7

13,683 u 3/*

8t ®

XI

4®5 3 7t*

1,208 — tfi 72 3

8A

370-----

576 17 5A

40,536 4

6t*i

1792.

£■ s. d.

19,527 19 ,0TT

16,672 19 &A

423 9 9

1,344 4 2tV 74 *9 7

623 14 8t\ 876 17 11/5

39,544 5 6t«i

*793-

£■ d.

19,932 12 7A

15,946 *6 *A

m -

- -

4*5 3 7tj

609 12

83 9 9tt

- - \

477 7 7tt

1 CO 01 CO d IOtV

37,747 15 8A

u A

( continued.)

916

Appendix.

A. 180a.

Appendix, (No. 67.) to* J, continued.

Account of His Majesty’s HerediUrv ud

Branches of His Majesty’s Revenues-- continued.

•s

a

-O

*0

c

X

a

CUSTOMS Including New Subsidy and Seizures of Customs

Fife, and Strathern Ross and Ardmannoch Lordships: * Dunbar and Ettrick Forest -

Gallottay and Duncoul _ Lindores -

Property and Sheriff Rolls - - ...

Burrow Rolls

Bishopric Rents -

Competitions > on Si£natures

t

On Tacks of Tythes

Total of each Year

1794- 1 7 9 5- 17 96. *7 97-

£ s. d. c s. (1. £■ s. d, £- d.

- 19.559 15 7 1 a 17,814 12 4/a 19,256 l6 9 20,105 4 1«W

? s 14»457 10 9 13.67* 17 5i9a 18,50-2 4 3 A 21,250 9 >h*»

- - - 1,010 7 7 i6x

• - - a - - . 47* 3 9it

- 3i5 3 7i\ 720 3 - 6 /1: 515 3 - 6 iti 515 3 , ft

r- - - - 1,061 0 1 1 0 1 J a

- - - - 12 4 9

- 2,080 19 1,204 4 486 18 — 671 4 4ti

- 70 3 5 75 16 oi° .11 So 5 8 68 3 10A

_ 613 6 10iV 9*3 15 r> T J. O 1 % 606 4 380 5 *tV

- 660 16 9'®: 192 5 9i°x 708 11 4-A 926 2 8

- 37^757 16 4t\ 36.788 18 40,218’ 4 6*5r 44.394 18 3

Note.—In the above Account the New Subsidy of Customs for Years 1787 and 1705, and intervening Yeurs, is taken at art Average of these Nine Years, the Account of it having been made up for irregular Periods during that time; and it is not included in the Year 1804, the Account being only made up to lotli October 1803.

An ACCOUNT of His Majesty's FlEREPlTARY and RESERVED REVENUES, under the Receipt of the Receiver

Received by - - j Mr. FORDYCE, Receiver General. Mr. MURRAY, Receiver General. Admiral KEITH STEWART,

BRANCHES. From foth October 1782, to lotli October 1783, 1783 to 1784, r 1784 to l 7 8 5- 1 7 8 5 to 1786.;

£• *- d- £- '• * £ *- d. 2- '• 3-

r CO f Fife and Strathearn - - H2 3 HA -

m •a 9 ■Ross and Ardmannoch * ——

.52 ‘*3 oft Q u Lordships; -j Dunbar and Ettrick Forest - - 579 8 i°i6a 513 h 6 — 1 £ 429 8 11

a v 5 c Galloway and Duncoul .... - - - - t

0 •0 1 1

g <75 oft 3 4) Property and Sheriff Rolls - 2,148 13 84; 635 1°TJ 1,840 7A 4 —A

c 0 he ^Burrow Rolls - - - ----- 70 12 iT*f 83 J 2’f 71 9 7 A 77 1 J°A

s Bishopric Rents - 476 11 4t» 9 10 ^T. -

0 1_ n Compositioas $ on SiSnature* 570 10 9j 7-8 4 7r’i 4351* 9\l 857 1*, 9-}

V (. On TacEs of Teinds , - 698 15 —t’j 449 — 3 A- 614 2 2 45° 9 n

£■ 3.9(55 3 — 2,626 12 — 3.475 5 o.ft. I .112 J 2,r,:,<5 17 6'i

-■— —

The above Account-j-con/inurd,

Received by Adiniml KEITH STEWART , R< cei\er General, and

- ■;. Alefffs. GORDON, Interim Receive!b Clenc-ud.

t \ * •

1793 * 794 1795 1 790

BRANCHES, to to to to

1794. 1795 1796. 1 7 97*

£. *■ <1- £■ s. d. £. s. d. [ £■ «• d:

cr* /• r Fife and Strathearn - - - - 1,010 7 1 /2 —

0» CJ ♦J I Ross and Ardmannoch m - - - - 473 3 9n

"52 a u Lordships: - < Dunbar and Ettrick Forest 315 3 7i 720 3 7-1 5*5 3 7i 513 3 7i

a u "x ' Galloway and Duncoul - 1,061 c a? — —

1 (j -c Lindore* - 124 9 2 j — —

Z3 0 Property and Sheriff Rolls .... - 2,080 19 10^5 1,204 4 486 13 — 671 4 4 £

c c. cs ! \ Burrow Rolls - 70 3 5 7516 9iJ So 5 $ 68 3 J°i,»

c j; Biffiopric Rents - - . 2 -

O a. u Comnofitions Signature. .... - 613 6 io.’j 9*3 15 3’i 606 4 10?; 3S6 5

\ £ On Tacks of Teinds - * - C60 i(S 9J 102 5 9,\ 7<j3 11 i:\ 026 2 8

—-—~

■ £■ 3,740 10 6;[ 5,302 8 2,397 3 Sri 3.039 3 4 U

Receiver General’s Office. Sth June 1*05.

45 Geo. IIL

Appendix.

917

ROirrved Revenues in Scotland— continued.

17 9s- 1 799- lSOO. 180 1. 1802. 1803. 1804. TOTAL.

/• rf- /■. s. rf. A jr. *. d. d. £■ d.

27,144 *7 4 32,183 8 1 3i.9G9 2 4 31,213 id 1 3s>43i 5 9 11 34>s49 H 6.A 2,065 2 1

io,93<5 — 10 24,9° 1 «5 5 A 23,71s 4 2 23,075 10 9 A 26,488 10 28,201 — 11 27,721 18 3

5*5 3 7 A" 515 3 "A 515 3 7A 4g5 3 7A- 490 3 7A fix 4!5 3 7A 830 7 2 A

2,479 6 A 5r7 14 4 A 2,156 4,\ 54l 19 114a- 1,257 4 8t\ 174 1 3 A 881 15 2A

7+ 7 10 A do 1 3 A 75 5 i\ 77 5*1 69 >5 5 62 19 7 73 H 6A

1 I O C 219 - - - 1,23617 7 A 200 — — —

392 6 lo/f 5°3 id 9 658 to 1;2 509 13 9tt 47d 5 ioTV 683 - 5tt 684 18 »A

403 16 4 152 17 11A 1,130 19 lof\ 80 11 5 A - - j. - 518 3 5 A

5 S-*i5 19 5 i 59,089 17 6 A j 60,232 11 6,« 55,904 4 2 A 68,459 13 *A 64,586 — 4A 32,775 18 10 944,216 5 i*T\

Appendix, (No. 67.) ao' J

continued.

iluinbu! ;h, Y.\ch •qi.jr ( Ivmbe.s, the 1 ill June

Certified by

Francis A,

Depy At>dr.

■ ei era! f i: SC -VI LAN D; dihin^iifliii;^ the fevem branches' of which they consist 5 for the years 1783 and 1804, and intervening Years.

itcciver General, and Messrs. Goitnoy, Interim !*r -:\ers General.

Dy n. G.

918 Appendix. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 67.) 20* Junii,

continued.

An ACCOUNT of His Majesty's HEREDITARY and RESERVED REVENUES* under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, commonly called New Subsidy; dating the Annual Receipt, from the 31st of December 1782 to the loth of October 1803, being the iateft Period to which the fame can be made up.

Over Payments. PERIODS. Net Receipt, at the Disposal of the Right honourable Barons of Exchequer.

£. i. d. £■ «. d.

From 10th October 1782 to 10th October - 1783 - - 6,3*3 >8 4l

- 1783 - 1784 - - 7,870 10 2$

- 1784 . - 1785 - - 8,‘i<<o 18 4J

- - - 1785 - - 1786 - - 3A8 3 3*

2,042 15 84 - 1786 to 10th May - - >787 - - —

- loth May - 1787 to 5th January - >789 - - 32,320 12 5

- 5th January 1789 to 5th July - >790 - - 21,916 2 —

y m 5U1 July - 1790 to 5th July - >794 - - 78,839 3 7

- 5th July 1794 to 10th October - >795 - - 23,260 13 6

- loth October 1795 - - >796 - - 18,088 17 3

- - - 1796 ... - >797 - - 18,606 15 9|

- 1797 to 5th January ' - >798 - - 6,194 3

- 5th January 1798 to 10th October - 1798 - - 19,481 15 10

- loth October 1798 - - >799 - - 29,481 10 9

- 1799 - - 1800 - - 31,360 2

- - - 1800 - - - l80l - - 29,096 — 1

• - - 1801 - - 1802 - - 36,714 18 5

- - - 1802 to 5th July - 1803 - - 21,718 12 8J

m m 5th July - 1803 to 10th October " 1803 8,372 7 9i

Note.—Prior to the 10th May 1787, when the Operation of the Ad 27 Geo. III. cap. 13. consolidating the various Branches of the Revenue of Customs took place, the Account of New Subsidy was, with the other Branches oi the Revenue of Customs, closed at 10th October, which is the reaion that this Account is made up hum 10th October 1782, and continued down to 10th May 1787, in place of Annually, from 31ft December 1782, as required. From 10th May 178710 5th January 1798, it wus made np for the irregular Periods Rated in the Account, being the Periods for which it was prepared for the Lords of the Treasury and the Right honourable Barom of Exchequer. from and after the 5th January 1798, the New Subsidy Account was doled at loth October Annually, till, in consequence of the Act 43 Geo. III. cap. 68. the Account was filled at 5th July 1803, and from that Day to 10th October 1803, being the latelt Period for which the lame can be made up.

Custom House, Edinburgh, 7 Rich* Gardner,

2ift May 1805. y Assistant Compr General.

A* ACCOUNT* of His Majesty* HEREDITARY and RESERVED REVENUES in Scotland; distinguishing the f.Yeral

i- 4 11 * 1 * k , *■ —4—. r.n i | it >■ --■—■ »

HEREDITARY AND RESERVED

t 1; Cyder,

fears- ending 5th Jtdr» Strong Ale: Cyder, Perry, or Vinegar Beer or Perry, or

ttiade and Verjuice, made and Ale Verjuice

Sold. made or Retailed. Sold. Imported. Imported.

178a * £■ '■ d. £ *• d. £• d. £• *• d. £. j. A

m m - 3,458 9 4I 4 9 si — 8 9 51 11 2

3783 * * - - 2,694 >5 — — 7 H — 13 — 99 i* 7

*784 - m - - 2,960 6 3 — . 6 5k — 17 — 25 14 2

*785 - 2,805 4 4} 7 * 2 1 3 66 3 9 — 8 a

1786 - 2, SK’5 >3 9 3 4 11 - 137 11

*787 - - 3,009 6 3 — 2 6 - 92 5 4

*788 - 2,921 1 io£ - - - 117 17 3

1789 - - - 4,19a 8 9 - - - 158 7 8 6 - 4!

<790 - - 5,328 n 3 - - - 137 17 11

*79* - - - 5,3i«5 7 6 - - - 175 9 2

3793 - m " - 5,934 >0 7i — 4 - 187 8 9i

*793 - - 5,943 — 71 - - 353 19 5k

*794 - i. W - ' 4,944 >0 — - <* 151 — 6

*795 m - 4,962 1 3 - - 5 4 3 184 8

1796 - L " " 9,799 — 7i — 10 61 3 3 155 5 2

*797 * m * >0,948 5 — - 44 18 — 250 15 3

1798 - m - 9,622 11 io£ — 8 4* 76 10 —. 185 16 9

>799 " * >0,479 8 9 - - 112 16 3 25 6 10 3

1800 - ' * 9,369 >3 >1 — 4 4j 37 18 9 157 1 2

1801 - - 9,096 2 6 — 6 7k 45 3 6 242 3 3

1802 - *>,737 >8 9 — 10 lijf 46 9 6 79 2 5 {

1803 >3>3*3 > 3 19 11 - -i 74 6 9 145 19 - -

J &04 - *>,629 9 4* 82 15 6 107 13 1 / 2

Excifs Office, Edinburgh, 13th June 1805.

Jos. Stuart. Jat. Stodart. J. Wharton.

45 Geo. Ill,

Appendix,

919

a?TT

Air ACC OU NT of Money paid in to the Receivers General of the Customs in Scotland, upon Account of Fines and Forfeitures, front 31H December 1782 exclusive, to 10th October 1804 inclusive; being the latest Period to whiclvthe fame can be made up.

PERIODS. r Gross Receipt. Payments, exclusive of Barons Warrants. Net Receipt

From 31ft December - 1783 Ini | •3 0 w* S . >783 m £. *• 6,798 11 d. si £■ *• 401 5 d. si £■ '■ 6,397 5 d. 9i

From 10th October - - *783 to - - D° - - »7«4 - - 6,778 18 ioJ 873 8 -i 5,906 10 92

to to to - D* - - 1784 - - - D* - - 1785 m to 8,539 18 >i 393 >• 82 8,306 7 5

to m - D» . - - *785 - - - D* - - 1786 - - 5>3°7 >S 3l 686 3 4 4,631 9 *»2

to — - D* - - 1786 - - * D° - >787 - - 8,230 5 4* 693 6 7 7,536 18 92

to ~ - - D* - to - 1787 - D® , - 1788 - - 8,330 * 10J >,047 >5 si 7,383 6 5

to m - to D* . to to 1788 to to D° - - >789 9,775 4 7 749 9 4i 9, Q95 15 2f

to m - - D* - to - *789 - - D* - 1790 - 4,898 7 8 1,308 8 — 3,689 19 8

m 'to to D° - 1790 * D» . to >791 - - 8,693 18 7 >,9*3 5 5s 6,789 13 >2

• to m - D«- - - 1791 - to to D* - - >793 - - 2,959 7 32 803 3 1 2,157 5 92

m * m D* - to - *79* - to to D* . >793 - - 3»>®4 9 8| 549 n 82 3,561 18 —

- to - D*- - *793 - - D* - \ >794 to to 9,648 3 82 459 3 32 2,l8p — 52

- D* - - - 1794 m - - D* r >795 to to 1,291 — >>* 847 3 3 443 17 9*

- - - - D* * - >795 m - D° - - 1796 - - >,574 >6 6 404 17 — 1,169 19 6

- - 9 D* - to to *79« m - - D° . >797 - - *,853 l 6* 353 >9 52 >,498 9 1

* - - - D* . - *797 - - D* - to >798 - L855 >8 32 387 — lo| 1,468 17 5

- - D* - to to >79* - - D* - >799 m 3,805 11 nj 1,103 >4 72 2,701 17 4

• m - - nr- - >799 - - - D* . 1800 9 m 935 16 3i 316 14 -Hi 609 3 3l

9 9 to m D* - to - j800 - - D* - - 1801 9 m 9,568 9 7i 450 13 73 3,117 >6 —

9 —- - - D* - ]80l 9 - - D» . - 1803 9 m 3,lo8 — 39> >3 8 1,716 6 72

- - D* - * - 1802 - - D* - - 1803 m 5,53* * 4i 779 18 32 4,758 14 -2

» •> D* - r 1803 - D° - 9 >804 m m 9,554 9 7 489 7 6 2,065 3 1

Appendix, (Np. 67.)'

20* Junii,

continued.

Custom House, Edinburgh 17th May 1805.

John Campbell,

Recr Gen1.

Branches of which they consist; and dating the Annual Receipt in each Branch, from 5th July 178a to 5th July 1804,

REVENUES IN GROSS.

Twopenny made and Sold.

Total

His Majesty'a

NET REVENUE at His Majesty’s Disposal, after deducing a proportional Share oi Charges of Management and Legal Allowances.

nereanary and Temporary Excise. Share of Fines and Forfeitures. | Total r 1 r * Hereditary and Temporary Excise, Fines and Forfeitures. Total

£■ '• d. £■ f. d. s. d. £■ d. £■ s. d. c 1. d.

9,044 5 6.J 8,072 1 42 17,116 6 103 7,380 17 52 6,791 15 Hi 14,17a 13 4f

7.204 n io| 9,326 8 >2 16,530 19 11| 5,556 19 52 7,537 3 2i 13*094 *2 7 i

6,890 5 10 9,598 5 —2 16,488 10 ioi 2,794 19 10 8,119 11 32 10,914 11 A

6,863 >4 10J 7,818 11 -1 14,682 5 11 5,484 2 32 6,668 15 ioi 12,15*2 18 2

7,3.36 7 3 2,128 19 2i 9,465 6 52 6,184 13 7 1,824 »6 I X 8,008 19 7f

7,6.59 9 5l 6,061 13 nj 13,721 3 5 6,465 — 72 5,225 3 H 11,690 4 2

7,785 2 11 9,813 4 2* 17.597 7 1} 6,576 — 3 8,589 15 3 k 15,165 15 61

8,990 9 9i 7,255 — 92 16,245 10 72 7^4° 2 «2 6,088 19 42 13,529 2 ii

>o,35> >5 n 8,120 3 18,471 19 2| 8,329 7 >2 6,633 18 6s 14,963 5 7i

>°,435 5 4 5,529 18 52 15,965 3 92 8,916 2 2 4,767 9 d 13,683 11 3 i

11,908 15 nj 7*335 9 >9,244 5 2i >0,291 10 >2 6,381 9 42 16,672 19 64

13,603 13 ioi 6,253 11 — 18,856 3 10| 10,595 11 62 5,35* 4 7, 15.940 16 if

10,675 9 H 6,083 3 —2 16,757 11 9 9,1/3 9 >2 5,284 1 72 H^f57 10 9

10,697 16 5i 4,821 12 sk >5,5>9 8 io2 9,409 18 32 4,261 19 3i 13.671 17 5i?

16,005 13 -i 5,968 12 n| 21,974 6 -2 13,504 *7 52 5,057 6 92 18,562 4 3r

17,846 7 5.725 19 7l 23.572 6 92 16,077 5 >2 5,i73 4 io| 21,250 9 nf

>6>731 4 n , 5,348 16 22,080 — 10 15,070 8 u| 4,865 11 i®2 19*036 — 10

17,631 3 3 9,695 9 -2 27,3i6 11 32 16,018 3 11 8,883 11 n 24,901 15 52

15,557 — — >0,599 16 62 26,156 16 6| 14,039 8 6 9,678 15 82 23.718 4 2

13,476 18 si 12,368 J5 92 25,845 H 22 11,926 7 82 11,149 3 2 23*075 10 ok

>5,353 8 5i 13,856 6 >2 29,209 H 7 13,813 15' nj 12,674 4 ioi 26,488 — 10

>3,552 18 —i >7,492 1 >2 31,044 19 9 12,159 11 3i 16,041 9 72 28,201 — 11

11,819 >8 *ar.-l sssc 6 18,601 10 30,421 8 6 10,631 5 17,09° 17 10 27,721 18 3

John Moffatt, Accomptant.

James Bruce, Accomptant General. Richard, Wharton, Comptroller.

Von $«.

jiB

920

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Appendix,

ACCOUNT, speccifying such A R K CARS of I, A N D-ll E N T S. or other ANNUAL R E V E N U E S of the Crown, in Scotland, as h&v* (No. G7-) been Settled or Diieharged otherways than by actual Payment of the kune; troni the 3111 December 178*2.

20* Jitnii,

continued.

The Persons Names to whom Dit’charue granted.

Sir James Grant, of Grant, Bart. -His Grace John Duke of Roxburgh

Out of what Revenue.

His Grace John Duke of Argyle - -[Princes Lands]

- - Ditto ......

The Mod honourable George Marquis of Tweddale.

His Grace John Duke of Argyle - -His Grace John Duke of Roxburgh Sir James Grant, of Grant, Bart.

His Grace John Duke of Roxburgh His Grace John Duke of Argyle - -His Grace John Duke of Roxburgh Sir James Grant, of Grant, Bart.

The Most honourable George Marquis of Tweddale.

His Grace John Duke of Argyle -

The Right honourable John Earl of Breadalbane.

...... Ditto -

His Grace John Duke of Roxburgh If is Grace John Duke of Argyle

Under what Authority.

Royal Sign Manual, aid December 1774.

Privy Seal, 10th July 1761 -

Privy Seal, 30th March 1771 - - - - Ditto - - Privy Seal, id December 1774

VY hen Discharged. Suma«D ifehargei

3id March 1784 September 1784-30thN ovember 17841 - Ditto - -] 30th June 178$ -1

£• d.

96 8 10A

Privy Seal, 30th March 1771 [15th Augud 1786 -I

Privy Seal, 10th July 1761

Royal Sign Manual, aid December 1774-Privy Seal, 10th July 1761 -

30 th M ay 1787 — 19th June 1787 20th May 1789

Privy Seal, 30th March 1771

aid July 1790 - -] 1,613 '7 "ti 407 7 3i

Privy Seal, 10th July 1761 - path October 1791

Royal Sign Manual, aid D comber 1774.

The Right honourable the Earl of Home.

Sir James Grant, of Grant, Bart. -

His Grace John Duke of Roxburgh -

- - - - Ditto - - - -His Grace John Duke of Argyle -

The Right honourable John Earl of Breadalbane.

- - - - Ditto ——

Sir James Grant, of Grant, Bart. -His Grace John Duke of Roxburgh -His Grace John Duke of Argyle -His Grace John Duke of Roxburgh

'eu Duties of his Lands of Urquhart and Glen-cairney, for eight Years, to Whitsunday, 1783.

Blench Duties of the Lordship of Kelso, two Years to Whitsunday 1783.

Feu Duty of the Lands of Dollar and Glencaivnev, two Years to Whitsunday 1783.

Feu Duty of the Lands and Island* of Collency, for three Years to Whitsunday 1784 eu and Blench Duties of the Lands and Baronies of Blance and others, for three Years to Whitsunday 1785.

eu Duty of the Lands and Island of Collency and others, for two Y'ears to Whitsunday 178G.

‘eu and Blench Duty of the Lordship of Kelso, four Years to Whitsunday 1787.

Feu Duties of the Lands of Urquhart and Glen cairney, four Years to Whitsunday 1787.

Feu and Blench Duties of the Lordship of Kelso, one Year to Whitsunday 1788.

Feu Duty of the Lands and Island of Collency and others, for four Y'ears to Whitsunday 1790.

Feu and Blench Duties of the Lordship of Kelso, three Years to Whitsunday 1791.

Feu Duty of the Lands of Urquhart and Glen-cairney, for four Years to Whitsunday 1791 Feu and Blench Duties of the Lands and Baronies of Blance and others, for six Years to Whit-1 sunday 1791. 1

Feu Duty of the Lands and Island of Collency and others, for two Years to Whitsunday 179a.

Feu Duty of the Lands and Lordship of Dilheor and Toyer, for eleven Years to Whitsunday 179 2.

Feu Duty of the Lands of Ardtollany, for eleven Years to Whitsunday 179a.

Fen and Blench Duty of the Lordship of Kelso, one Year to Whitsunday 179a. I

Feu Duty of the Lands and Island of Collency,] two Years to Whitsunday 1794.

Feu and Blench Duty of the Lordship of Colding-ham, for thirty Yrears to Whitsunday 1791.

Feu Duty of the Lands of Urquhart and Glen-cairney, for three Years to Whitsunday 1794.

Feu and Blqnch Duty of the Lordship of Kelso, for four Years to Whitsunday 1796.

Ditto, for one Year to W hit sunday 1797 Feu Duty of the Lands and Island of Collency, for three Years to Whitsunday 1797.

Feu Duty of the Lands of ArdtoUany, for six Years to Whitsunday 1798.

Feu Duty of the Lands and Lordship of Dilheor and Toyer, for six Years to Whitsunday 1798 Feu Duty of the Lands of Urquhart and Glen-1 Royal Sign Manual, a\ft De- 123d May 1798 - -

*1 U

- - - - Ditto - - -His Grace John Duke of Argyle

bruary 1763.

- - - Ditto

comber 1791. oyal Sign Mam cember 1774.

Ditto

1771.

bruary 1763.

- - - Ditto

!5tKNovemben791 ] d 4 5l*£ 1

agtb November^i ] < 1 1 10*

i *iad August 179a -V 806 18 n ’t 1

Kth December 179a] 165 \ 10 1

1 »| ,44 1

] 10th April 1793 -I -133 19 »TS '

1 lath June 1794 -t 806 t* n ’j

- ] 18th June 1794 -1 3?3 *9

s- ]a6th June 1794 I 36 3 4

f6i]a6th August 1796 - 1 592 10 VI

- 19th March 1798 ch Wth March 1798 148 iS t'u i,aio 8

Fe- \a7tl1 March 1798 ~\ n —

• - ] - - Ditto - 90 10 a

cairney, for four Years to Whitsunday 1798.

cember 1774.

Feu and Blench Duties of the Lordship of Kelso,! Privy Seal, loth July 1761 - \7tl1 June 1799 - -1

for two Years to Whitsunday 1799.

Feu Duty of the Lands and Island of Collency and] Privy Seal, 30th March 1771 \a7fh May \8oo others, for three \rears to Whitsunday 1800.

Feu and Blench Duties of the Lordship of Kelso,1 Privy Seal, 10th July 1761 - \ I7tlx June 1S00

one Year to Whitsunday 1800. Ditto, one Year to Whitsunday 1801

Ditto

, \7tl1 June 1801

His Grace John Duke of Roxburgh

The Right honourable John F.arl of Breadalbane.

- - - - Ditto ——

Feu Duty of the Lands and Island of Collency, for] Privy Seal, 30th March 1771 ]‘24th Juue 1801 one Year to Whitsunday 1801

a 17 17

403 9 5u

Feu Duty of the Lordship of Kelso, for one Year to] Privy Seal, 10th July 1761 - ]a6th May 180a Whitsunday 180a.

His Grace John Duke of Argyle -

The Most honourable George Marquis of Tweddale.

His Grace John Duke of Argyle -His Grace John Duke of Roxburgh - - - - Ditto ——

Feu Duty of the Lands of Ardtollany, for four] Royal Sign Manual, aift Fe- ]9th June 1802 - bruary

- Ditto Ditto -

Y'ears to Whitsunday 180a.

Feu Duties of the Lordship of Difheor and Toyer,] - -

for four Years to Whitsunday 180a. ]

Feu Duty of the Lands and Island of Collency and] Privy Seal, 30th March 1771 \3d August \8oa others, for one Year to Whitsunday 180a. ] ]

Feu and Blench Duties of the Lands and Baronies] Privy Seal, id December 1774 ]4th December 180a] of Blance and others, for eleven Years to Whit-fun day 180*2.

Feu Duty of the Lands and Island of Collency and! Privy Seal, dated 30th March \a8th July 1803 - -I

John Niclfon, of Craigcaflic, Esq. Chamberlain of the Rents of the Ixmlihipsof Galloway and Duncoul. John Crawford, Esq. Chamberlain of the Lordships of Fife and Strathcrn.

1771.

others, for one Year to Whitsunday 1803.

Feu and Blench Duty of the Lordship of Kelso,] Privy Seal, loth July 1761 for one Year to Whitsunday 1803.

Ditto, for one Year to Whitsunday 1804.

3th September 1803!

Ditto - \ 30th May 1804

Balance due on his Accounts, for the Rents of the] Royal Sign Manual, loth July \ l6thSeptcmbcri78 said Lordships, for Crops, and Y'ears 1755 and] 1786. \

lyfii, and intervening Y'ears. ] \

Balance due on his Accounts, for the Rents of the] Lease umlet th^ RxchoqueT ScrI, \This Account not\ laid Lordships, for Crops, and Y'ears 1794 and] £urfviu'\r Xo Majesty Royal \ passed in VVxehe-\

:86\

1802, and intervening Years.

Sica 'Manual, dated 80t\i July to Major Cienc*r:\.l JolmHopc and Colonel Charles Hope. Colonel Alexander Hope, and Robert D mid as of Melville, Bfq. in Trull, lor Jane Yd’coimtcCs Melville, of the Rents of the said Lordship*, for 1 o V ears a1ter\Vluil\mdHv VHt)o, and the 1 cutter during the Life of the said V deovmtel’s MeWilla, with ail Arreatu of the tame.

<\ucr, hut made up,] and Btda.nct*. alcev-tained, as in next] Column.

Edinburgh, Exchequer Chambers, 7 the 13th Juue 1805. 3

Examined, and certified by

Francis Anderjbn* D«p» Aud1.

Tot At

45 Geo. Ilf. Appendix.

mjsrnr.l —* i - . *V. '

Appendii/

ACCOUNT of the GRANTS that have, been made to Subjects during the Reign of His present Majesty,-of Land-Rents— Bishopric Rents, or other Branches of His Majesty's Hereditary and Relerved Revenues in Scotland.

Date of each Grant.

In whose Favour granted.

Nature of each Grant*

1761.

July 10. His Grace John Duke of Roxburgh.

— John Craigie, of Dunbarnie, Esq.

l5-

The Rfolit honourable John Earl of Bute.

Gift of his Grace's Feu and other Duties payable for the Lordship of Kelso, and other Lands in the Shires of Roxburgh and Edinburgh, in Money yearly /*. 105. 1*. 4.7V and 24 b. ip, 1 l. Wheat: 26 b. 3 f. 2 P. 1 L. Bear * during His Majesty’s pleasure.

Tack of Teinds in the Parish of Newburn, for 19 Years from Whitsunday 1759, for payment of a Tack Duty of 16/8 yearly, a Casual Rent computed at £38 o. o.^ Sterling, per annum, or thereabouts.

Tack of Teinds and other Duties, Rents, and Casual ties due and payable to His Majesty furth of the whole Lands within the Bland of Bute, and out of the Lands and Bland of Inchmarnoch, for 19 Years from Whitsunday 1760, for payment of a Tack Duty of to Merks Scots.

(No. 67!)

zo° funii.

continued.

30. The Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the City of Glasgow, for the tile and behoof of the Community thereof.

Dec. 8. Sir John Warrender, of Lochend, Bart.

17 6s.

January 28.

His Grace John Duke of Argyle.

July 7.

>7^3-

Feb. 21.

The Right honourable Lord Frederick Campbell.

The Right honourable John Earl of Brcadalbane.

March 18.

1761. June 25.

The Right honourable John Earl of Rothes.

Andrew Ross, Esq. -

1764. July 31.

Sir Ludovick Grant, Bart. - -

1766.

Feb. 14. Andrew Ross, Esq. Lessee of the Bishopric Rents of Orkney.

July 10.

1767. Feb. 16.

Dr. Robert Wallace, Dr. George Wifhart, and Dr. John Drys-dale.

The Right honourable Charles Sc haw, Lord Cathcart.

1769. Feb. 23.

1770. October 18.

1771.

March 30.

Mr. Archibald Campbell, Writer to the Signet.

The Right honourable John Earl of Rothes.

The Rev. Mr. James Lindsay, Minilrer of Kirklifton.

His Grace John Duke of Argyle.

July 3.

1772. August 17.

James Bruce and others, Commithoners of Supply for the County of Kinross.

Sir Peter Warrender, Bart.

May 12*

The Principal and Professors of the University of Glasgow.

1769. June 15.

Sir Robert Murray, Bart. - -

774 >ept. 12.

Dec. 21.

1775.

Feb. 23.

The Right honourable Lord Kirk-cud bright.

John Crawford, Esq. Chamberlain of the Lordships of Fife and Strathern.

The Motl honourable George Marquis of Tweddale.

David Stewart Moncrieffe, Esq. Solicitor of Exchequer.

Tack of the Teinds, great and small, Parsonage and Vicarage of the Parish Kirks and Parochines of Glasgow, and Barony thereof, for 19 Years from Martinmas 1760, for payment of a Tack Duty of £.200. Scots Money, and Ministers Stipends, and all other Burdens affecting the fame.

Gift of the Feu Duties of his Lands lying within the Lordship of Dunbar, confiding of 77 b. if. ip. il. Wheat and Barley, 32 B. ip. of Oats, and £.5. 14. 2. Sterling Money, amounting in all (as by said Gift) communibus aimis, to £.60. Sterling yearly or thereabouts, upon payment of £. 10. Sterling yearly; during His Majesty's pleasure.

Gift of all Heu, Blench, Tack, and other Duties, Customs, and Casualties due and payable, or which were due and payable by the said John Duke of Argyle, or Archibald Duke of Argyle, his immediate predecessor, out of his Lands and Heritages in Scotland, during His Majesty's pleasure (excepting all Tythes, Customs, and other Casualties, payable out of the said Lands to the late Bishops) amounting to £.436' 3. 9*tV Sterling yearly, subject to payment of the dedudions of 6d. and 1*. in the pound, and Prince's Lands £.10. 3. 4-t\ yearly.

Gilt of the yearly Feu Duty of £. 500. 1. 1. j of a Penny Sterling, payable to His Majesty from the Lands and 111 and of Islay during all the days of his life, if His Majesty shall lb long live, for payment of the yearly Tack Duty of £41. 13. 4. Sterling.

Gift of all Feu Duties due and payable by him for his Lands of Dilheor and Toyer, and Ardtollany, during His Majesty's pleasure, amounting yearly to £.19. o. 2. Sterling, and of all Arrears of the fame.

Gift of the Balance due on his Accounts as Chamberlain of the Lordships of Fife and Strathern, for the years 1756 and 1761 and intervening years, amounting to

£' 1.532. 17- 9-rf- ’

Tack of the Rents and Revenues of the Bishopric of Orkney during His Majesty's pleaseire, for payment of the yearly Tack Duty of £. 2oo. Sterling, and all Ministers Stipends and Public Burdens affecting the fame.

Gift of Arrears of Feu and Blench Duties, payable for his Lands of Urquhart and Glen-cairney, from Whitsunday 1752 to Whitsunday 1759, £*84. 7. 9.4. and for his Lands of Finlarg, from Whitsunday 1748 to Whitsunday 1761, £-*24. 14. 9.

Tack of the Bishop's Property Lands in the Parishes of Stromness, &c. in the Stewartry of Orkney, which formerly belonged in Property to the late BHhop of Orkney, and now to His Majesty, for 19 Years from Whitsunday 1766.

Gift of the Feu and Teind Duties, and other Profits and Emoluments of the Chapel Royal in Scotland; during His Majesty's pleasure. ’

Gift of the Balances due on the Accounts of Charles Lord Cathcart his Father; viz. On his Accounts of Crown Rents due before the Union, £.57. 5* 6*tV Ditto since the Union and before lft August 1714, £.816. 2.7.^. Competitions on Tacks of Teinds, £-355- lo* io.tV Bishopric Rients, £.1. 3. io.TJj. Principality Rents, £.58. 1. 6.

In all, £.1,288. 4. 4.

Grant of the Savings of the Salary of the Keeper of the Great Seal, from 15th April to 10th June 1761, during which time he did the Duty, £ 461, 10. 9.

Grant of Balance due on the Accounts of John Earl of Rothes his Father, as Chamberlain of the Lordships of Fife and Strathern, for Crops 1765 and 1766, £. 943. 5. 11. subject to the dedudion of 6d. and is. in the pound.

Gift or the Feu Duties payable out of the Lands of Halyeards during his serving the Cure of the Kirk of Kirklifton, if His Majesty shall so long live. £.5. 11. J.T\ yearly.

Gift of the Feu, Blench, and other Duties, Customs, and Casualties, payable, or which may become payable by him, or which were due and payable by the late John Duke of Argyle out of his Lands and Estate in Scotland, during His Majesty's pleasure, amounting to £*436* 3* 9*tx Per annum out of King's Lands, and £.10. 3. 4.T\ out of Princes’ Lands.

Gift of£. 321. 1. 1. for repairing the Town House of Kinross.

Lease of the Feu Duties of his Lands of Ewesfoord in the Parish of Dunbar, and County of Haddington, for 19 Years from Whitsunday 1772, amounting yearly in Vidual, to 38 b. 2f. 2 p. Wheat: 38b. 2f. 2p. Barley, upon payment of an yearly Tack Duty of £-5-

Lease of the Rents and Revenues of the Archbishopric of Glasgow, for lg Years from Whitsunday 1773, for payment of an yearly Tack Duty of £.551. 15. 10.7 of a Penny, Sterling, and which Tack Duty is applied for payment of Salaries to Professors, and maintaining Burfars in said University.

Grant of the Sum of £.4,411. 2. 4. being Allowance of £. too. per annum to Sir James Murray his Father, as Receiver General of Salt Duties, for 27 Years and 179 Days, and 2 d. in the pound for Money received by said Sir James Murray on Account of Seizures of Customs, and allowed in passing his Accounts.—Note. Salary paid out of Duties on Salt.

Grant of £. 300. without Account, of His Majesty’s free Gift and Royal Bounty.

Gift of the Balance due on his Accounts of the Rents of the said Lordships for Crops 1770 and 1773, and'intervening years, subject to the dedudions of 6d. and in the pound, £.1,423. 10. 5. Net Sum dil’charged.

Discharge of the Feu and Blench Duties of his Estates in Scotland for 40 years preceding his infeftment, amounting to £.474. 6. i.7\ and Gift of the fame in* time coming, during His Majesty's pleasure, being £. 11. 14. 1.4® yearly.

Grant of £.300. Sterling out of the Bishopric Rents, to be paid to the Countess of Sutherland, and Heritors of the Parish of Dornoch, for repairing the Cathedral Church of the Bishopric of Caithness.

922

Appendix

A. 1805

Appendix,

(No. 67.) to* JtOlHy

cumlhutd.

Date of each Grant.

j >774. December 21.

1775. July 27

1765. August 4.

1776. March 20.

*775-June 2$»

> K77

February 5.

November 29.

>777-January 7.

1771. August 9.

*777*

December 8. 1778-March 10. . 1777*

February 12.

1779. July 13.

1780. April 2.

August 5.

August 21.

1781. Augyft 10.

1782. April 16.

1783-

January 25. July 21.

September 17.

July 11.

1784.

March 12.

— 19.

1785-June 9.

1786. duly 10.

1787. March 28.

Account of Grants of Land and Bishopric Rents, &c. in Scotland—continued.

In whose Favour granted.

Sir James Grant, Bart.

Thomas Dundas, of Castlecarry, Esq.

- Ditto -

Thomas Brown, of Braid, Esq

The Third Minister of Invernefc.

Dr. Hope, Professor of Botany at Edinburgh, and the Professor of Botany for the time being.

William Mercer of Aldie, and Margaret Murray his Spouse.

Robert Campbell, Esq. Receiver General of Customs and Salt Duties.

Sir James Murray, Bart. -

His Grace John Duke of Argyll.

Dra. George Wifhart, John Drys-dale, and Alexander Webster,

George Rutherford of Fairnington, Esq.

Trustees for building the Register Office at Edinburgh.

The Right honourable Katharine Countefa of Morton.

His Grace Douglas Duke of Hamilton.

The Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the City of Edinburgh.

The Right honourable Alexander Earl of Kelly.

The Right honourable John Earl of Bute.

To a Preacher of the Gospel in a Church or Chapel to be built at Cromarty, by George Ross of Cromarty, Esq.

Thomas Carmichael, of M&ulfley, Esq.

Dr. Alexander Carlyll, His Majesty's Almoner.

Sir James Campbell, Bart.

JaneCountess of Rothes, Thomas Earl of Elgin, Sir John Hen-derson, Sir John Halket, Sir William Erikine, William Fer-gufon, James Townfeod Of-wald, Esq. Adam Holland, Robert Well wood, and Shovel Blackwood, Esqrs. for themselves, and for behoof of the haill other VafTals of the l*ord-ship of Dunfermline.

] }r. John Hope, Professor of Botany in the University of Edinburgh, and his Successors in Office.

Lord Frederick Campbell, and Mary sometime Countess of Ferrers, now Wife of the said Lord Frederick Campbell.

Dis.George Wifliart, John Drys-dale, and Henry Grieve.

Drs.John Dryfdale, Henry Grieve, and Alexander Carlyle.

John Neilfon, of Craigcaffie, Esq. Chamberlain of the Rents of the Lordship' of Galloway.

The Right honourable John Earl of Stair.

Nature of each Grant.

Discharge of the Feu Duties and Bishops Rents, due by him at Whitsunday 177^ amounting to £.'364. 3. 7 A* and Gift of the Annual Sums of £.12. 1. 1. |and £.17. 5. 9 A* payable by him for said Rents and Feu Duties in Time coming, during His Majesty's pleasure.

Tack of the Rents and Revenues of the Bishopric of Orkney, upon Payment of & yearly Tack Duty of £, 50. Sterling, and all Ministers Stipends, and other public Buidens affecting the fame; during His Majesty*s pleasure.

Lease of the Feu Duties of the Earldom of Orkney and Lordship of Zetland, extending to the yearly Sum of £.500. Sterling during all the days of hie Life, if His Majesty ikall so long live, upon payment of a yearly Tack Duty of ^.41. 13, 4. Sterling.

Bond for £. 158. 3. 8.44* granted to the Sheriff of Edinburgh for Money due to his Majesty, ordered to be delivered up upon paying 4/ in the Pound.

Grants of A36.10. o. a year out of the Bishops Rents in Scotland of additional Stipend, during all the days of his Life, if His Majesty shall so long live.

Grant of £, 600. for Payment of Debt incurred, and to make some aecessary Additions to the Botanic Garden at Edinburgh, and an additional Sum of £, 5a annually, for the Maintenance of the said Garden.

Grant of ,£.313. iu foil of all Demands, for Trouble had by William Murray, late First Clerk in the Office of the Receiver General of Customs and Salt Duties, and for hi* Clerks and others under him.

Grant of Salary of £. 100. per Ann. as Receiver General of Salt Duties, and 2d. m tht Pound on Money received by him on Account of Seizures of Customs.—Note, Salary paid out of Duties on Salt.

Grant of ^.851. 15. 7. to be allowed on passing the Accounts of Sir Robert Murray and James Ogilvie, late Receivers General of Salt, being an yearly Salary of £. too during the Time they executed that Office; and £, 728. 16. 6. being 2 d. in the Pound on th» Money they received from Seizures of Customs.—Salary paid out of Duties on Salt,

Lease of all and whole the Teiods which formerly belonged to the Bishops of Argyll for Payment of an yearly Tack Duty of £, 791 Scots, and 791 Marks 8 Pennies Scots, for 19 Years.

Gift of the Rents and Revenues of the Chapel Royal in Scotland; during His Majesty $ pleasure.

Bond of £, 82. 7. to. granted by George Rutherford his Father to the Sheriff ol Roxburgh; ordered to be delivered up, and discharged.

Gift of £, 2,000 towards completing the fame.

Gift of the Tack Duty due from Andrew Ross, Esq. late Tacksman of the Bishopric Rents of Orkney, from 25th September 1774 to Whitsunday 1775, amounting to £.127. 2. 6.

Grant of £.450 for Reparations and Alterations made on the Palace of Holyrood House.

Grant of £.500 for repairing and fitting up the public Seats in the new Church of Edinburgh.

Gift of the Feu and other Duties, Customs, mid Casual ties, due and payable out of his Lands of Kinglbarns for Three-nineteen Years from Whitsunday 1779, for Payment of an Aunual Tack Duty of £>20 Scots.—A Casual Rent, computed at about £. 153- 5-2 per annum.

Tack of the Teinds payable forth of the whole Lands within the Island of Bute, and Fee Duty payable out of the Lands and Island of Inchmarnoch, for 19 Years, from 1779, for Payment of an yearly Tack Duty of 10 Merke Scots, and all Ministers Stipends, and public Burdens imposed or to be imposed upon the said Teinds.

Gift of an yearly Salary or Stipend of £*SO Sterling out of the Bishops Rents.

Grant or Release of 14 Years Non-entry Duties of his Lands of Maulfley, amounting te £.80. 11. i A* contained in a Bond granted by him to the Sheriff Depute of Lanerk.

Gift of £. 167. loft by his Deputy.

Gift of£. 158. 18. of. to be allowed on passing the Accounts of Walter Campbell, Esq. late Receiver General of Customs and Salt Duties, being a Salary of £, 100. per annum for receiving the Duties on Salt during the time he held that Office; and £.56 14.5{, being 2d. in the Pound on Money received by him on Account of Seizures of Customs, —Note, Salary paid out of Duties on Salt.

Lease of the Rents and Revenues of the Lordship of Dunfermline, for 19 Years, from and after the 23d day of March 1780, for Payment of an yearly Tack Duty of£. 100 Sterling, and relieving His Majesty of all Ministers Stipends, and public Burden affecting the fame.—A casual Rent, computed at about £.219. 2. ioA-

Grant of an additional yearly Allowance of £. too for the Support of the Botanic Garde* at Edinburgh.

Lease of the Feu Duty of the Lands and Island of May during their joint Lives, if His Majesty shall so long live, amounting yearly to £. 500. 1. 1 Sterling, for Payment of an yearly Tack Duty of £.41. 13. 4. Sterling, and all Arrears of the said Feu Duties due, and payable by Walter Campbell, of Shawfield, Esq.

Gift of the Rents and Revenues of the Chapel Royal in Scotland; during His Majo fry's pleasure.

Ditto .... Ditto .... Ditto.

Gift of the Balance due on his Accounts of the Rents of the said Lordship, for Crop 17;,> and 1761, and intervening years.—Net Balanct discharged, per passed Account, attn Payment of 6d. and if. Taxes, £. 529. 3. 4 A*

Tack of the Teinds of the Lands which are the Property of the said John Earl of Stair, in the Parishes of Glenluce, Inch, and Lefwull, for 19 Years from Whitsunday 17;)7? for Payment of a Tack Duty of 20 Shillings Scots.

4 5 Geo. III.

Appendix.

993

Account of Grants of Land and Bishopric Rents, &c. in Scotfend—conrinffed.

Date of each Grant.

1788. July 9.

1789. May 8.

1791. August 32.

December 19.

1792. April 19.

June 13.

August 17.

25-

September *9.

o.

October 9.

September 29.

December 10.

1793-January 22.

May 31.

September 10,

1791. December 19.

*795* September 18.

1797-July 14.

29.

1798. April 19.

1799* July 3-

1800. March 13.

1801. March 14.

21.

179*-August 22.

1802. November 4.

1803. June 1.

July 14.

30.

1804.

January 3.

March 22.

Vol. 60,

Dolors Henry Grieve, Alex atider Carlyle, and Joseph McCormick.

The Principal, Professors and Matters of the University of Glasgow.

The Trustees for building a Prison, Bridewell, and House of Correction, for the City and County of Edinburgh.

John Campbell, Esq. Receiver General of Customs and Salt Duties.

Hugh Montgomery, Esq. In-i'pedor of Roads and Bridges in Scotland.

The British Society for extending the Fittieries and improving the Sea Coatts.

- - Ditto -

Lieutenant General James Grant His Grctce Alexander Duke of Gordon and others, Trustees for building Bridges over the Rivers Don and One.

Sir David Carnegie of South Elk, Bart and others, Commissioners for building a Bridge over the River South-Lit. James Stirling, Esq. Lord Provost of the City of Edinburgh, and his Succett'ors in Office.

The Earl of Kintore and others, Trustees for building a Bridge over the River Bervie.

The Brititti Society for extending the Fittieries, and improving the Sea Coatts.

The Corporation for the Benefit of the Sons of the Clergy of the Church of Scotland. Robert BelfcheS and Robert Graham, Esqrs.

The British Society for extending Fittieries and improving the Sea Coatts.

The Right honourable Alexander Earl of Home.

British Society for extending Fittieries and improving the Sea Coatts.

Dame Eleanor Dalrymple, Widow of Sir David Dalrymple, of Hailes, Bart, late one of the Lords of Seffiori.

Stephen Rolletton, Esq. -

Sir 'William Maxwell of Sprink-ell, Bart, and others, Trustees for building a new Bridge at Dumfries.

Doctors Henry Grieve, Alexander Carlyle, and George Hill.

Stephen Rolletton, Esq. -

Hugh Warrender, Esq.

Dr. Daniel Rutherford, Professor of Botany in the University of Edinburgh.

Hugh Warrender, Esq.

Sir Peter Warrender, Bart. - -

The Right honourable Alexander

Earl of Leven.

1

Henry Jardine, Esq. Deputy King's Remembrancer.

Hugh C leghorn, Esq.

Major General John Hope, Col. Charles Hope, Col. Alexander Hope, and Robert Dundas of Melville, Esq. in Trust for the Right honourable Jane Vif-countess of Melville.

The Trustees for Fisheries and Manufactures in Scotland. Henry Jardine, Esq. Deputy King's Remembrancer,

Nature of each Grant.

Appendix,

(No. 67.) ao* Ju?r&i

continued.

Gift of the Rents and Revenues of the Chapel Royal in Scotland; during His Majest/s pleasure.

Lease of the Rents and Revenues of the Archbishopric of Glasgow; for 19 Years front Whitsunday 1792, for Payment of the yearly Tack Duty of £.551. 14. iof, which Tack Duty is applied ih Payment of Salaries to Proffefiors, and maintaining Burfars in said University.

Grant of £ 5,000, to be paid in five different annual Payments, for erecting the said Prison; Bridewell, and House of Correction.

Grant of Salary of £, too per Annum as Received General of Salt Duties, and Allotvanci of 2 d. per Pound on Monies received by him on Account of Seizures of Customs.—-Salary paid out of Duties on Salt.

Grant of £. 1,200, for defraying the Expence of rebuilding the Harbour of Portpatrick.

Grant of £. 1,000, for making a Road from Contine to Ullapool.

Ditto, £, 1,200 for Ditto.

Grant of £.464; 11.4. for building a Bridge over the River Avon.

Grant of £.70*. for building laid Bridges.

Grant of ^.4,000, for building laid Bridge.

Grant of £. 5,200, towards building a new College at Edinburgh.

Grant of £. 1,000, for building said Bridge, and for repairing the Bridge over the Den of Lowcefton and the Burn of Murros.

* s

Grant of £. 1,100, for making the Road from Contine to Ullapool.

Grant of £.2,000.

Grant of £% 500, for repairing the Road from Stirling to Dunbarton;

Grant of £. 550, for making a Road from Contine to Ullapool.

Gift and Discharge of the Feu Duties of the Lordship of Coldingham, due at Whitsunday 1791, amounting to £.393. 19. 2.

Grant of £.732. 1*. for making the Road from Contine to Ullapool.

Grant of £.300, without Account, of His Majest/s Royal Bounty.

Grant of £.200 to be paid to Jahe Young, Wife of John Young, Greek Professot in the University of Glasgow, without Account, of His Majesty's Royal Bounty.

Grant of £. 1,000. for building said Bridge.

Gift of the Rehts dad Revenues of the Chapel Royal in Scotland; during His Majesty’s

pleasure.

Grant of £. 200 to be paid to Jane Young, Wife of John Young, Greek Professor in the University of Glasgow, without Account; of His Majesty's Royal Bounty.

Grant of £. 800. for building a Bridge over the Avon at feallindallock.

Grant of £. 1,400. for the Use of the Botanic Garden at Edinburgh.

Grant of £. 5,000. for the University of Edinburgh.

Lease of the Feu Duties of his Lands of Ewesford, id the County of Haddington, fot 19 Years from Whitsunday 1791, being 38B. 2?. 2p. Wheat—3$b, 2F. 2P. Barley yearly, for Payment of an yearly Tack Duty of £. 5. Sterling.

Grant of £. 200. in Satisfaction of Pension intended to have been granted to the late David Earl of Leven his Father.

Grant of £.tit>o. to the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the City of Glasgow, for repairing and fitting up a Royal Seat in the Cathedral Church of Glasgow.

Grant of £. 1,000, without Account, other than such as he may be required to render thereof to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

Lease of the Rents and Revenues of the Lordttiips Of Fife and Strathenl, for 19 Years, from Whitsunday 1803, with all Arrears of the fame, and thereafter during all the days of the Life of the said Jane Viscountess Melville, upon Payment of an Yearly Tack Duty of £.5. 13. 4. Sterling, and the yearly Salary or Pension of £.600 per aniiilm, formerly enjoyed by John Crawford, Esq. late Chamberlain of said Lordttiips, during his Life.

Grant of 1,000, for deepening the Harbour Of Wick; in Caithness.

Grant of £. 500, to be paid to the Sheriff of Invcrness, for building a Bridge over the River Spey.

11 c

924

Appendix*

A. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 67.). 10* Junii, continued.

Account of Grants of Land and Bishopric Rents, &c. in Scotland—continued.

Dute of each Gram.

1804. October 4.

1761. March 13.

In whole Favour granted.

The Dircdors of the Royal Academy, for teaching Exercises at Edinburgh.

Sir Harry Monro, Bart. -

— - - Ditto - - ’ -

e Augnftg. * September 3. August 5. John Hfcy of JBdtoa, Esq. * Duncan Frafer of Auchnajairo, *' Esq. The Right honourable John Earl of Roibafi, . John Hope Esq. -

29. Robert Ewing, Esq.

— John Nielfon, Esq. -

176c. September 20. James Gordon, Esq.

1768. ' January 23. John Crawford, Esq.

March 10. Charles Hope Weir, Esq. - -

*775* June 28. John Crawford, Esq.

, *777- December 8. Alexander Baillie, Esq.

1780. June 23. Alexander Thomson, Esq. - -

V. August to.’ John Anstruther, Esq.

1781. July 12. William Dondas, Esq.

— - - Ditto •

17*4-July 8. Mathew Campbell, Esq. -

1786. March 3. t Charles Hope Wmr and Mark Pringle, Esqrs.

: ■: .3

*795-August 11. Hugh Warrender, Esq. -

— - - Ditto -

, 1796. June 20. 1 John Anstruther, Esq. and John Anstruther, jun. his Son.

*8oo. December 23. William Murray, Esq.

1801. June si. Patrick Campbell, Esq. -

Nature of each Grant

Grant of £. 1,200, for Payment of Debt incurred an Account of laid Academy.

Commission as Chamberlain of the Earldom of Ross, and Lordship of Ardmannoch, with the ancient Fee or Salary of ,£.83. 6. 8. payable out of said Rents.

Grant of an additional Yearly Allowance of £.500. over and above the ancient Salary of £.83. f>. 8. as Chamberlain aforesaid, during His Majesty’s pkafure, payable out of laid Rents.

Commission as Golledor of Bishop6 Rents iu Scotland, jvith a yearly Salary of £. 200. for binrself, and £.200. for Sub-Collectors, payable out of laid Rents.

Commission as Chamberlain of the Bishops Rents of Ross, with a Salary of £.83. 6. 8. Sterling per annum, payable out of laid Rents.

Commission as Chamberlain of the Lordships of Fife and Strathern, with a Salary of £.300 per annum out of laid Rents.

Commission as Chamberlain of Ettrick Forest, with a yearly Salary of £.500. payable out of the Rents of the said Lordship, and, in so far as they are deficient, out of the Rents of the Lordship of Dunbar and Lands in the Shire of Haddington, and £.20 per aunum to his Depute, out of the Rents of the said Lordship.

Commission as Chamberlain of the Lordships of Orkney and Zetland, with a Salary of £.500 per annum, out of the Rents of the said Lordships.

Commission 39 Chamberlain of the Lordship of Galloway, with a Salary of £.18 per annum out of the Rents of the said Lordship.

Ditto

- Ditto - - - Ditto.

Commission as Chamberlain of the Lordships of Fife and Strathern, with a Salary of £.300 per annum out of the rents of laid Lordships.

Commission /as Chamberlain of the Lordship of Ettrick Forest, with a Salary of £.500 per annum payable out of the Rents of the said Lordship, and in £0 far as they are deficient, out of the Rents of the Lordship of Dunbar, and Lands in the Shire of Haddingtou, with £.20 per annum to his Depute.

Commission as Chamberlain of the Lordships of Fife and Strathern, with a Salary of £.800 per annum, payable out of the Rents of the said Lordships.

Commission as Chamberlain of the Bishopric of Ross, with a Yearly Salary of £.83. 6. 8. payable out of the Rents of the said Bishopric.

Commission as Chamberlain of the Lordship of Lindores, with a Salary of £.5. 11. 1^ Sterling yearly out of the Rents of the said Lordship.

Commission as CoUe&or of the Bishops Rents in Scotland, with a Salary of £.200 per annum for himself, and £.20© per annum for Sub-Collectors, payable out of the said Rents.

Commission as Chamberlain of the Earldom of Ross and Lordship of Ardmannoch, with tht ancient Fee or Salary of £.83. . 8. per annum, payable out of the Rents of the skid Earldom and Lordship.

Grant of an additional yearly Allowance of £.500 over and above the ancient Salary of £.83. 6. 8. as Chamberlain aforesaid; during His Majesty s pleasure; payable out of laid Rents.

Commission as Chamberlain of the Lordship of Galloway, with an yearly Salary of £. 18 payable out of the Rents of the said Lordship.

Commission as Chamberlains of the Lordship of Ettrick Forest, with a Salary of £.500 per annum, payable out of the Rent6 of the said Lordship, and, in lb far as they are deficient, out of the Rents of the Lordship of Dunbar and 1-ands in the Shire of Haddington, with £. no per annum to their Depute.

Commission as Chamberlain of the Earldom of Ross and Lordship of Ardmannoch, with the ancient Fee or Salary of £.83. 6. 8. per annum, payable out of laid Rents.

Grant of an additional Allowance of £. 500 per annum over and above the ancient Fee or Salary of £.83. 6. 8. as Chamberlain aforesaid; during His Majesty’s pleasure; payable out of said Rents.

Commission as CollectoTS of the Bishops Rents in Scotland, with a Salary of £.400 Sterling per annum to themselves, and £. 150 for Sub-Collectors, to be paid out of the said llenb; but in case the said Rents do not amount to the said Sums of £.400 and £.150 per annum, and all just and reasonable Expences, the said John Anstruther and John Anstruther, jun. to have no claim lor any deficiency.

Commission as Chamberlain of the Rents and Revenues of the Bishoprick of Ross, with a yearly Salary of £.83. 6. 8. payable out of said Rents.

Commission as Chamberlain of the Lordship of Galloway, with a yearly Salary of £. 18 per annum, payable out of said Rente.

Edinburgh, Exchequer Chambers, 1 . the 15th June 1805. y

Examined, and Certified by

Francis

Depr Aud*.

45 Gzo.J

Appendix*

!325

ACCOUNT of all PENSIONS that bare been charged upon His Majesty's CivU Lift EstabltftHHent in Scotlahb, finee the htft Order of the House of 5th of Julie 1801; specifying the Times when granted, and the Persons to whom they are or may be Payable*

Appendix^ (No. 67.) 10* Junii$

continued.

The Person* to whom Payable.

- Time when granted*

Yearly Sumsi

1801; £• s• i*

Lady Louisa Erskine - f - - ^ r March 5. 300 -

Sir James Montgomery, 3art Jate Lord Chief Baron of Exchequer May 17. 2,150—

Mrs. Catharine Muir Jjuly I. 200-----r-

Mrs. Elizabeth Rose - - - «• - * - - 100-----•

Mrs. Jean Young - p - - - - - r * * too -

Mils Katharine Forbes Chakqers ~ ~ ~ . - - 100-----

Miss Margaret Loch - r - - . - ■- -- - - - - 55 —

Miss Jane Loch - - ^ >. - - 55-----*-

Miss Frances Loch - - - - 55 — —

Lady Louisa Stewart - - - .- •- ~ # * *oo •— —

William Ogilvie, Baron Banff ...... 300 — —

Miss Elizabeth Hunter --- ----- - - - too —

Mary Plujnmer and Philadelphia Barbara McMurdo, and Survivor of them - - 100 .-77 1—

Lady Ruth veil - - - -- •- - * r ioo

Wife Wilhelmiua, Janet Aiwie, Maria Thornton, Jane, and Charlotte Rebecca Ruthveti, £-50 per annum each; and, in case of the death or marriage of either

of them, to the Survivor or Survivors of them - - ] 250

MiiTes Hope and Helen Mackenzie, and Survivor of them; and like Pension, formerly granted to Jane and Hope. Mackenzie, revoked - .- -- .- - > - - 1 100

hlill'es Henrietta and Mary Frafer,.and Survivor - - - «- I 200

Coutts Trotter, Esq. for Elizabeth Ciciaporei and Lucretia her daughter, or Survivor of tilery - -- - - - - * 200

, Jane Rols - *• - - -• 100

.Countess Dowager of Dumfries and Stair - 3°

Mary Hamilton - r - - - 3°

Isabelia Countess of Glencairn .- - - - . - - 3°°

Mils Janet Sempili - - - -• 100

Mrs. Jean Dulrymple Elphinftone - .- - - - - -- - - -- -- 100

Mrs. Geffy Steel - - - •- , - -*■ r *: 5o

Xady Madelina Sinclair.- - - -- - - - December 17. 200

.Mil's Henrietta Baird - - - * - - - - r - 5°

Mds Alicia Baird- - -- - -- -- - -- ----- - 5°

Miss Margaret Mary Baird - - - -r -r . 5°

_MUs Louisa Baird- * - •* * +• * 5°

... - - *8os:

Miss Marianne Simpson - - * * - - July 2. 4°

Dame Harriet Scott of Ancnun - - - - -- - 200

Dr^ Henry Moves - " - - 100

Charles John Viscount Falkland - 200

Sholto McLel1an Baron, Kirkcudbright - - a * «■ 1 -; * - 200

Jean Conntefs of Caithness, additional Pension ...... - r ? 10Q

Mary McLean " ~ - - " * 4°

Anne McLean ' -- - " -

Sibtlla McLean - " -• " * * - ;• * -• - * •"

Alexander Earl of Leven - - - - ...... November 4. 3Qo

Alexander Murray, Alexander Fra&r, and Thomas Smith, Esqrs. m Trttft for George

Murray - -- - -- - December ^4. 100

Ditto, for Maiy Murray - «- - -- -- ...... -- -- - i }°°

Ditto, ior Elizabeth Ann Murray - - - -- lop

Mils Mary McDonald - -- - -- - - - - - July a. 100

. ... 1803:

William Tireman, Esq. for Catharine Carnegie . - - - Januiuy 15. I loo —

William Kerr, Esq. and John Scotland, Clerk, ja Trust for Mary Hart, widow, (And Margaret lUfe, spinller, and Survivor x>f them - - . - ..

David Earl of GLafgow, Edmund Xivinftone, and Robert Dundas, Esqrs. -in Tnift for Elizabeth Jemima Couotefs Dowager of Erroll -

Mrs. Sul'an Paul ——

Hugh Cleghoro, Esq. ——

Miss Goodriche Ann Gordon ——

Mrs. Rachel Robertson -

Mifi'es Enphemia, Henrietta, and Martha Gloag, and Survivors of them Mr. John Hill

Mrs. Agnes Wood ——

Mr. John Playfair - -

Mr. Patrick Copland ' - * ‘ ——

Mines Charlotte and Henrietta Hamilton, and Survivor of them -

MitVes Martha and Grizel Dryfdales, and Survivor of them - - . '

John Duke of Atholl, John Hay, and Alexander Frafer, Esqrs. in Trust, to be applied by them towards the support and maintenance of Charlotte, Caroline, Louisa, and Emily Murray, so long as they shall remain unmarried; but to fuller a dcduttion of £75 yearly, upon the death or marriage of every one of them -

Sir William Forbes and Sir George Mackenzie, Barts, in Trust for Robina Kennedy and her five Daughters, and the Survivor or Survivors nf item . -

Carried forward -

A79i: November 15.

*>03: August 18.

November 28.

1804: January 3.

IPO — —

30.o

60 150 100 100 €0 too 30 100 -100 -100 -$0 -

300 -

120-----

' £ \ 9,4*5-----

9Q>6 Appendix* . 1805.

Appendix. (No. 67.) ao° Sunil, continued*

Account of Pensions charged upon His Majesty’s Civil List Establishment in Scotland—continued.

The Persons to whozh Payable.

Brought forward -

Mrs. Sarah Salvifon - - - , - - •

James Kochead, Esq. for Mrs. Ami M'Kay, with the Reverfieh of £. too. a Year to each of her two Daughters, Mary and Ann, to continue while they shall remain unmarried: and Pension of £.315. per . Annum formerly granted to Mr. Rochead for Mrs. M'Kay and Children* revoked .- -

Miss Francis Maria Murray, and Pension of £. 150. per Annum formerly granted to her, revoked -

Mrs. Mary Frafer ——

Misses Jane Margery, and Lavinia Cunningham, or Survivor of them) and Pension of £. 100. per Annum formerly granted to Mrs. Col1 Cunningham, their Mother, revoked ——

Mrs. Elizabeth Murray ..

Miss Ann Wiftiart ——

Eric Mackay Baron Reay........-

Ann Christie

Katharine Hamilton ——

Miss Helena Douglas Baillie - -

Miss Anne Irvine Douglas - ......

Lady Charlotte Leslie -

Thomas Brydson, Esq. ——

JMartha Orr ——

Mary Kennedy ——

Janet Kennedy ——

Mrs. Maria Letitia Dwyer - - . .

Miss Ann Bruce - - - - 1 ——

Alexander Frafer, Esq. in Trust for Elizabeth Frafer Widow, and William Frafe her Son, and Survivor of them - -

William Law, Esq. late Sheriff Depute of the Shire of Haddington Helen Dalrymple - . . . -

Margaret Dalrymple - - - . . -

Elizabeth Dalrymple ——

Helen Burnet ——

Elizabeth Burnet -

Chrifeian Burnet -

Lamont Burnet ——

Dame Mary Dacre Clerk

Mrs. Magdalane Goldie - - - ......

Rebecca Ogilvie -

Jane Ogilvie -

Mary Ogilvie ——

Miss Catharine Stewart Murray ——

Mrs. Agnes Scott ——

Miss Rachel Cleghorn -

Miss Jane Cleghorn ——

Miss Anne Cleghorn ——

William, Adam, and James Chalmer, Esqrs. for Miss Hugh Cleghorn -

- - Ditto - for Miss Janet Cleghorn -

Mrs. Jane Baillie -

Miss Elizabeth Baillie -

Miss Jane Baillie ——

Miss Louisa Cecil - -

Miss Mary Halket and Miss Ann Halket, and Survivor of them -

Miss Margaret Christie ——

Miss Helen Christie - - -' - -

Mils Mary Bruce ——

Mr. James Lapflie ——

Mrs, Katharine Margaret Swindell Norvell -

Mrs. Louisa Mackay ——

Miss Mary Ann Johnston ——

Mrs. Janet Anderson ——

Charles Hope and David Williamson, Esqrs. in Trust for Isabella Viscountess Arhuthnot, with Reversion of £. 150. per Annum to each of her two Daughters, Katharine and Jane - -

Mrs. Frances Wall -

Mrs. Menzies Baillie, Widow -

Miss Jane Stewart ——

Miss Grace Stewart ——

Miss Ann Stewart -

Mrs. Eliza Maclaurin - ...... -

Miss Marion Max ton - - -

Mrs. Ann Boyd -

Miss Jane Brown

Miss Betty Murray - . -

Time when granted.

1804: January 3.

February 7.

January 3. 1803: November 28. 1804* January 3. Febhiary 13:

January 3. May 10.

Total - -

Edinburgh, Exchequer Chambers, > the 15th June 1805. j

May 15. October 2

December 14.

Examined, and Certified by

Francis Anderson, Dep* Aud\

Yearly Sumi*

9A*S-----

50 ■—

200 —-

2 bo - _

50 —" —

loo

200 —.

60

200 —

56

.5° — —.

iod —

100 —. —.

100

100 —;

50 —.

50 — —

50 —

100 — —

100 —

100 — —

200 — —

5 0 — .—

50 —

50 —

40 — —

40 —

40

4° — —-

loo — —

100 — —

05 —

*5 — —.

*5 — —

100 —

100

50 —

50 —

50 —

50 —

50 —

40 — —

40 — —.

40 — —

100 — —

100 — —.

— —.

25 — —

loo —4

50 —»

100 —

100 —

60 — -r*

ioe — —

300 -

100 —

50 —

50 —

50 —

50 —

100 — —.

100 — —

100 — —.

60 —

50 —

14,620

AX ACCOUNT of all Monies issued by the Receiver General of Land Rents and Revenues in Scorr a vn 4k a t\

1797 to the latest Period to which the fame can be made up, in pursuance of Orders from th* f D,-/rDCe 8*^ December

or under any other Authority than that of Warrants from the Barons of Exchequer. * of the Treafitry,

1

Edinburgh, Receiver General's Office, 15 th June 1805.

N I L.

John Gordon,

43 Geo. III.

Appendix*

Ax ACCOUNT of all MONIES that have been issued by the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, since the 31ft December 1797, to the latest Period to which the fame can be made up, in pursuance of Orders from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or under any other Authority than that of Warrants from the Barons of Exchequer.

DATES

of payment.

1798. February 5. April 16.

July 5-D* -D» 24.

August 22.

1799. - May 3.

- - September 9.

- -December 11.

1800. February 10.

- - - D* 21.

- - - June 5.

- - - July 19.

- - September 12. ~ December 10.

- - - D° 18.

1801. - April 29.

- - November 24.

- - December t.

1802. January 6.

- - - March 8.

- - - April 22.

• - May 25.

- September 8.

1803. February 21,

• - - March 30.

- July 25.

- - - October 6.

1804. January 24,

- - - March 7.

- - - May 21.

- - August 20.

- - November 7.

- - December 12.

1805. Februajy7.

• - - May 27.

- - h June 3.

PURPOSES to which the MONIES have been applied;

Drawback of Duty on Paper used in printing Bibles

D*

D®

D*

D°

D°

- D° - -

on

on

on

on

on

on

D° - - Classics for University of Glasgow D° - - D° - for - D° - of Edinburgh D° - D° - for - - - D®

D® - - Bibles ......

D° - - New Tdl&ments and Psalms

D° - - Classics for University of Glasgow For making Inquiries into the State of the Distilleries in Scotland -Drawback of Duty on Paper used in printing Classics for University of Edinburg

« D° - - on - - D° - - D® - - for - - D°

- D® - . on - D® - - Bibles -/

- D° - on - - D° - - Classics for University of Glasgow

- on - - D° - - New Testaments, &c.

D* - - on -

- D®

B*

D®

D®

D°

D*

D°

D®

D®

• - D° ——

on - D® - - Bibles ——

on - D° - - Classics for University Edinburgh

on - - D° - - Bibles -

on - D° - Classics University Edinburgh

on - D* - - Bibles ——

<m - D° - - D® -

on . - D* - - D° ——

For making Inquiries into the Distilleries and Salt Works in North Britain Drawback of Duty on Paper used in printing Pfklm Books -

- Prayer Books, per two Warrants Bibles 9mm*"

V9

V'

D°

D°

D°

D®

D®

D®

D•

D®

on

on

on

on

on

on

on

on

on

on

D®

D#

D® - - Psalm Books -

D° - - Classics University Edinburgh D® - - Testaments and Psalm Books -D° - - Classics for University Edinburgh D® - - Psalm Books, Ac. -

D° - Classics for University Edinburgh D° - - Bibles

D° - - Classics for University Edinburgh

For making Inquiries into the Distilleries and Salt Works in North Britain Drawback of Duty on Paper used in printing Bibles -• on -

D®

D®

Da

D®

- D° - Classics for University Edinburgh

- on - - D° - - Testaments, &c.

• on - - D® - - Classics University Edinburgh

- on - - D® - - D® - D® - St. Andrew's

Total

Udder Authority of Warrants of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury*

Dated.

*799-

1800.

1799.

1800.

1798. January 18. March 29. D° - -* April 2. - July 9. August 14.

March 27. August 10. July 30.

February 3. October 17. - May 26.

- - - - July 7.

- - - August 21.

- - November 4.

- - December 12.

1801. March 22.

- - November 19.

- 3 - D® - n.

- - December 21.

- - - D° - -

1802. February 18.

- - - April 6.

f- - - DM2.)

I- - - May 17. J

- - - August 24.

1803. January 18.

1802. August 27.

1803. March 19.

- - - - July 14.

- - September 22.

- - December 17.

1804. February 17. . - - May 11.

- - - August 14. - - October 30.

- - December 5.

1F05. January 30.

- - - May 20. 1798. September 22.

Amount

£. s.

559 *7 — 50 6 si

ao-----

131 >4 7 1,727 8 10 989 8 ft

168 11 —J

750-----

38 2 6

75 8 —

212 5 10 72 1 — I 3*7 * " 94 13 * 641 5 8 62 6

*54

118

422

160

50

1,338

96

189

481

34*

86

155 86

449

177

550

178

1,250

784

316

156

34®

10

11 10

9 9f 10 —

2 —

1

10 4 — ft

15 S

1 ft

Ift —

*4 7

13 —

» 3

5

10 1 19 3

11 —

2 6 15

7 9

4 3

3 ‘if

13,917 — 10

■r

Excise Office, Edinburgh, 1 12th June 1805. j

J. Wharton*

Fred. Fotkringham* Jo. Stuart*

George Young, Accomptant. James Bruce, Accompt* General* bicht Wharton, Compt'.

Appendix, (No. 67.) ao* Juniit

continued.

Aw ACCOUNT of all MONIES issued by the Receiver General of Customs in Scotiakd, since the 31ft December 1797, to the latest Period to which the fame can be made up, in pursuance of Orders from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or under any other Authority than that of Warrants from the Barons of Exchequer.

N I L.

Custom-House, Edinburgh, 1 3d June 1805. }

John Cam

M D

’ 928 Appendix. 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 68.)

24* Ju

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the DEBT of Ireland, payable in Gtiaf BriTa in, redeemed by the Commissionere for redeeming the Public Debt, to the ift df February 1805; distinguishing the Funds in which such Redemption was made.

Consolidated 3-Per-C*'. Reduced 3-Per-C1*. Total Amount Redeemed.

1,004,613. 1,170,486. <M75.«99-

G. T. Goodenough, Seer,

Office Reduction National 7 Debt, 24th June 1805. 3

Appendix, (No. 69.) ik* Junii.

Aw ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Sum that will be wanted to defray the Expence incurred for Works done at the two House* of Parliament, and at the House of The Speaker, between 24th April 1804 and 5th of April 1805.

Ten Thousand Five Hundred and Eighty-nine Pounds Tea Shillings and Five Pence.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers 25th June 1805.

TV. Hujkijf

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Sum that will be wanted to complete the Expence incurred in Repain at The K1N G’S

BENCH PRISON.

One Thousand Eight Hundred and Fifty-one Pounds Three Shillings and Ten Pence*

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 7

25th June 1805. 3 W. Hujkijbn.

An ACCOUNT of the Sum that will be wanted to defray the Expence incurred for Works at the MARSHALSEA

PRISON.

One Thousand Four Hondred and Twenty-one Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eleven Pence Three Farthings.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 25th June, 1805.

TV. Hujkij

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Sum that will be wanted to defray the Moiety of the Expence of building the BftiDOR

over the River Spey, at Fochabers in North Britain.

Six Thousand Pounds.

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 25th June 1805.

TV. Htjkijfon.

45 Geo. III.

Appendix,

* Monies p'rafeoted so^be'raisid'by Grend JnrUe ta+th.^7r0^ 1805'A' *'*£.*’* fold before thit House, An Aeeoonl of the

" January 177c to lft January iSo^» distmcmiv A^*"erc®J Coouties, Counties of Cities, and Counties df Towns in Ireland, frofh Ift

- Ihe bums Sod foe «£,32 * «*•"» ^.gn.an.d

— Viz. —

From the County ANTRIM -

ARMAGH -CARLOW . CORK - - . City of CORK - County of DONEGAL -DOWN - -

* page 929

- - ib.

• - - 930

- - - ib.

- * - 93*

- - - 932

The Town of DROGHEDA -County of DUBLIN - -FERMANAGH KERRY - -KILKENNY -City of KILKENNY -City end Co. LONDONDERRY -

P*P» 934

- - 935

- * 937

- * 93®

94*

County of touTrt . -MONAGHAN ROSCOMMON TIPPERARY tVATERFORD City Of WATERFORD County of WICKLOW

1 2

|»ge 9+i

- * 943 * - 944

- - 945

- - 94fi

; r.

Appendix,

(Noi 70.)

l6* J’

County or Antrim. An ACCOUNT of nil Monies presented by Grand Juries, to be rfcilfed on fnid County,

from ift January 1775 to ift January 1805.

ASSIZES. Sums presented for Roads. Sums presented for Militia. Sams presented for other Purposes. ASSIZES. Sums presented for Roads. Sums presented for Militia. Sums presented fer other Purposes.

£■ 8. d. £ i. £■ s. d. £- •« d. £. d. £• »• I

Lent - - *775 *>374 4 4 772 2 —. Lent *793 4,300 19 6 ... 1,364 19 9

Summer *775 l»2ol 1 11 904 *3 7 Sommer *793 3.053 *3 6 - 1,309 *7 10

Lent - - >776 *.447 7 0 902 19 — Lent *794 4,29* *9 7 ... 1,398 6 11

Summer >77* *,932 4 7 647 2 6 Summer *794 4*4*3 * 8 - *.29* *5 S

Lent - - *777 3.0*1 *4 7 — 1,108 *9 4 Lent *795 4»®5* — 11 ... *.463 —

Summer *777 152 *5 —■* 2,459 10 4 Summer *795 4*45* *3 1 86 8 4 1,481 16 10

Lent - - 1778 3.177 12 11 91+ *3 2 Lent *790 4*747 *2 8 113 7 8 1,134 17

Summer 1778 221 6 3 2.523 2 2 Summer *79« 4.921 18 6 »i* 5 5 1.79* i« 5

Lent - *779 3,986 *9 — *31 — 2 Lent *797 4*405 *4 3 209 17 11 1.370 4 1

Summer *779 215 12 11 3.235 10 6 Summer *797 5*147 *2 2 *.237 — 3 1*493 0 3

Lent - - 1780 3.021 2 7 1,034 19 7 Lent *798 5.715 17 10 527 *9 9 i»*50 8 5

Summer 1780 2,605 18 2 1,188 *9 7 Summer *798 5.723 7 1 113 iq — 1*253 11 6

Lent 1781 619 11 9 *>537 16 5 Lent *799 5.737 — 11 >45 *.348 3 7

Summer 1781 3*408 2 4 *>°47 7 4 Summer *799 6,289 7 7 527 16 — *.528 13 l

Lent - - 1782 S*0o 6 d i,*7 *5 3 Lent 1800 6.505 — 9 266 17 — 1,514 10 i*

Summer 1782 3,203 *5 6 *>*59 3 8 Summer 1800 6*433 1* 4 33 >6 — *.031 * 9

Lent - - 17*J 3.400 *5 9 *>417 8 3 Lent 1801 6,88o 3 — 455 *0 — 3,203 12 7

Summer *7 *3 344 5 — 1,061 *5 2 Summer 1801 7*309 — 9 35 *2 — 1,702 19 4

Lent - - 1784 3.400 8 8 1,180 10 5 Lent 1802 7.75* >9 0 29 4 — «.593 — 7

Summer *784 3»348 8 4 *>385 *7 1 Summer 1802 7*133 >7 3 10 1,716 14 u

Lent - - *785 3.130 4 11 *>*93 6 10 Lent 1803 8,055 18 4 *4 7 — 1,993 — 3

Summer *7*5 3.109 10 4 *>*57 9 1 Summer 1803 7,34i *4 7 5 1,861 a a

Lent - - 1786 3>*44 18 9 *>535 11 10 Lent 1804 7,2*6 1 7 44 2 — 1,841 1 —.

Summer 1786 3.39* — 9 *9*85 3 7 Summer 1804 7*4io 3 11 1,013 17 9 *4°3 17

Lent - *7S7 3.*5 — 1 766 9 2 Total £• 244.023 12 11 4,980 11 1 85.092 4 —

Summer *787 3.40* 5 r *>543 9

Lent - - 1788 3.*74 2 11 M*5 10 10

Summer 1788 3.0+0 6 — *>77* —— 9 REC APITULATION 2

Leut - - *7*9 S>734 *4 8 *>*97 4 — For Roads - - - 11

Summer *7*9 3-7'* 4 2 */*33 *7 3 For Militia - * 4,980 11 i

Lent - *790 4,012 19 7 1,208 3 2 For other Purposei 1 - - *5.092 4 —

Summer 1790 4.203 7 7 1,028 6 1 -

IOTAL - £■ 334,090 * —

Lent - - *79* +.508 8 8 1,326 *7 8

Summer 179* 3.*>3 13 1 1,068 4 8 Ja. Stuart, Treasurer.

Lent - *792 4.30* *7 2 1,033 10 3 jt Certified the 13th June 1805. Hu. Kirk, Sec, Grand Jury.

Summer 1792 4.153 0 3 *>557 *4 0

Yean.

>775

1776

>777

>77*

>779

1780

1781 178a

>7*3

1784

>7*5

1786

>7*7

1788

1789

1790 >79*

County of Armagh.—A RETURN of the different Sums presented by Ghard-Juries on this County,

from the Year 1775 until January 1805.

Spring Assizea.

Summer Assizes.

*.954

3.858

a»554

*,259

2,283

2,750

2,09®

3,920

3,014

2,7*4

3,691

2,8*6

2,705

4>203

3,660

4,265

4*008

s. d. £- f. d.

* 1,809 9 3i

4 1 1,618 13 10

3 8 2,424 3 41

6 4f 1,9*5 7 6|

5 7 1,708 *9 5

10 1 1,87a 18 6

*3 3 *,043 18 6

*4 *f 2,099 4

1 4 2,129 10 10

11 »i*l 2,713 3 *T

*7 6| 2,329 7 8

*4 3 2,227 *3 8J

10 *f 3,215 *7 8

a 6 2,624 11 0

*4 3 3>0°3 *5 11

*4 — 3,499 11 3

*4 —i 3,0+5 6

15th June 1S05.

Militia.

8. d.

Sum Total.

4,763

4,470

4,97*

4,244

3.992

4.023

4,640

5,o*9

4»*43

5,497

5.021

5,054

5,92*

6,827

7,364

7.705

7'653

So i.

* 9 16 11

■0 —j

*s *i

5 — *4 7 »* 9 18 if 12 2

*5

5 2

7 »*i

8 7$

*4 — 10 a

5 2 tS 6|

Years.

1792

*793

*794

*795

1796

*797

1798

*799

1800

1801

1802

1803

1804

Spring Affixes. Summer Assizes. Militia. Sam Total-

£■ *• *■ £. r. d. £. i. £•

3.124 6 4 3.403 4 * - 6,52710 5

3,989 15 ii| 3,424 9 —J * m m 7,414 5 —

4,059 17 3 3,760 l6 IO - 7,820 14 —

3,952 17 9 3,949 14 1* ... 7,902 11 10}

6,234 *5 si 3,827 13 6f 76810 —*■} 10/830 19 —I

4,108 16 9t 5,811 17 9* 1,747 i< *5 j 11,668 11 3f

5,5+1 18 if 4,460 9 7 1,166 14 —J 1 11,169 1 84

5,083 1 —1 4,918 — if 93i 4 — 10,932 5 if

6,637 5 7 5.133 19 9i 724 *4 —i 12,485 19 4

6,989 7 6 6,084 6 loj 304 1 6j *3.377 *5 10

7,3+7 * *i 6,764 15 10I 310 7 6 14,422 13

6,245 17 »*f 5.57* I. 75 ... 11,824 10 6

6,720 5 +i 6,063 — 8j a * 'a* 12,783 6 I

120,764 '1 if j 104,332 * 65 5,953 7 loi 231,049 17 4

William Irwin,

Traafum.

Appendix* (No. 70.) lb* Junii,

continued. ..

980

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Sums raised by Grand Juries of the several Counties in Ireland—continued.

County of Carlow,

.—An ACCOUNT of the Monies raised by the Grand Juries of this County, from the ail of January 1775 to the ill f January 1805; difliuguifning the Sams for Road?, find Militia, from those raised for other Purposes. 0

Total Sums granted. Amount for Roads iu eluded. Amount for Militia included. Total Sums granted. Amount for Roads included. Amount for Militia included.

£■ 5. d. £. 1. d.\ * £• 9. d. £- s. d. £- #. d.

Spring Assizes - 1775 - t*54> 18 9} 1*4*1 5 7 Lent Assizes - - 1790 * 2,521 9 uf *,866 12 H

Summer Assizes 1775 - 407 10 6 12 19 IO Summer Assizes 1790 437 9 9l 132 3 2

Spring Affixes - 1776 - 1*577 10 9 1,385 3 10 Lent Assizes - - 1791 - 2,360 12 if 1,546 4 3i

Summer Assizes 1776 - 719 3 nil 2 — — Summer Assizes 1791 - 409 5 8| 25 1 4

Spring Assizes - 1777 - 1*301 >4 7 i 7 69 0 8 Lent Assizes — 1792 * 2,525 2 lol 1.844 4

Summer Assizes 1777 ‘-,*.'3*2 25 58 5 a Summer Assizes 179a - 1,105 1* 138 9

Lent Assizes - - 1778 - 1,729 >5 Si 1>5°4 15 6 t Lent Assizes - - 1793 - 2,764 4 11 1,955 >5 8

Summer Assizes >77* - 15 - ..j . Summer Assizes 1793 - 1*049 3 50 It 1

Lent Assizes - - 1779 * 747 3 4 562 >5 9 Lent Assizes - - 1794 - 2,825 >4 If 2,049 16 9%

Summer Assizes 1779 4°2 4 9 18 >9 Summer Assizes 1794 - 1,170 10 —1 109 >4 — 22 19 —

Lent Assizes - - 1780 - 60o 11 7 474 18 6 Lent Assizes - - 1795 - 2,733 4 4 2,051 3 7 72 6 —

Summer Assizes 1780 - 557 1 4*. »3 >4 >i Summer Assizes 1795 - 1*300 12 >1 115 16 8 5* 9 —

Lent Assizes - - 1781 - 1*914 >3 «* 1,512 9 2 Lent Assizes - - 1796 - 3,024 6 9f 2,349 11 7 86 8 -

Summer Assizes 1781 - C19 >4 10 40 2 >>! Summer Assizes 1796 - 1,127 12 10 261 >9 8 52 12 —

Lent Assizes - - 1782 - 1*148 H 7i 898 16 8 Lent Assizes - - 1797 - *,455 2 3i 1.H7 12 >if 337 12 2

Summer Assizes 1782 - 349 10 3x 8 9 — Summer Assizes 1797 - 2,439 *7 6 474 .— —L a 313 16 5

Lent Assizes - - 1783 - 1,815 18 5 1,664 >3 >1 Lent Assizes - - 1798 - 3>476 6 — 856 3 7 >47 1 —

Summer Assizes 1783 - 390 10 7 64 ti 6 Summer Assizes 1798 - 2,470 10 a* 180 >5 7 97 >5

Lent Assizes - - 1784 - 1*710 7 11 1,558 >7 4* Lent Assizes - - >799 * 4»°21 6 6 1,367 10 9f 53t 12 9

Summer Assizes 1784- 534 5 10 2 9 1 11 Summer Assizes 1799 - 2,069 13 1 100 >7 — 86 17 -

Lent Assizes - - 1785 - 356 >9 0 40 — — Lent Assizes - - 1800 - 4,7l0 11 4 2,047 18 — 7>3 2 —

Summer Assizes 1785 - 617 8 4 f 133 11 3 i Summer Assizes 1800 - 2,954 11 5i 236 6 2 101 9 -

Lent Assizes - - 1786 - 1,251 18 11 826 11 11 Lent Assizes - - 1801 - 7,092 — 11 2,716 3 2 846 6 -

Summer Assizes 1786 - 869 15 4 i 75 5 4 Summer Assizes 1801 - 2,659 17 -f 206 >3 1 365 — —

L?nt Aflipes- - 1787 - 1,331 8 5 841 — 1 Lent Assizes- - 180a - 5,777 12 3,162 >4 1 a

Summer Assizes 1787 - 638 12 4 137 11 — Summer Assizes 1802 - 1*168 >3 1 647 15 9

Lent ^flizes - - 1788 - 1,527 11 7 <62 >3 3 i Lent Assizes - - 1803 - 3,802 >9 10 2,43> 10 of

Summer Assizes 1788 632 >7 9 259 >7 9 Sommer Assizes 1803 - 1,977 4 9i 26414 — 250 — —

Lept Assizes - - 1789 - 2,257 15 >>J 1,714 — 2 - Lent Assizes - - 1804 - 3,980 — — 2,347 17 >1

Summer Aiiizes 1789 - 968 -.1 T ■*> n- >4 10$ 271 10 10J Summer Assizes 1804 - 2,344 8 330 14 10*

Carlow, 7th June 1805.

Joseph Beare>

Treasurer of the County of Carlow.

County of Cork.—An ACCOUNT of Money presented, to be raised by the Grand Juries of the County of Cork, from the tft of January 1775, to Spring Afluea 1805; with a Remark of what Part of them were for the u(b of the Militia.

County Presentments. Barony Prefeatments. Of which for rf* of the Militia.

£• *• d. £■ *■ d- i*•

3,139 18 11} 6,323 14 1

3,106 — 54 5,505 19 2

5,551 9 Hi 5,539 19 3

3,908 12 3 5,293 19 5

4,i6i 5 9 5,099 19 — I

4,457 5 6£ 5.169 5 H

?4,272 14 6 5,285 13 6$

4,681 10 3 5,417 18 3l

3,861 13 5 7,138 10—f

3,417 10 8 5,550 n 1 300 — —

6,000 11 6 7,409 6 2j 632

5,200 2 5 5,296 14 4£ 547

5,015 — 10$ 1,029 19 9} 1,253

5,010 3,337 11 5 701 10 —

6.302 3 6 4,124 15 TO - -So<r—* —

5,655 2,715 8 10 40O rr y

5,428 8 4 4,836 19 1 60Q —

6,494 a 10 6,609 1® 2 539 -1

6,839 8 6 6,137 17 i°l 922 ?..7

6,405 17 — 6,585 2 5 1,03113

8,711 6 — 8,375 13 2i 8og 8 6

8,343 18 6 7,333 »o 76^ 15 9

6,843 3 — li.ioq 6 lof 75 i4 "

7,023 7 5 11,024 5 10 4 11 .9

8,5H ii 4 13.649 19 i».

5,686 7 4 6,108 12 4t 1,533 7 *"

7,319 16 — 8,794 13

6,884 11.657 4 * 2,25310 9

11,306 7 a 12,598 ia 4 V

Whf n presented.

1775

1776

>777

1778

*779

1780

1781

1782 >7*3

>7*4

1785

1786

1787

1788

1789

1790

- Spring . Summer -

- Spring -Summer -

- Spring -Summer -

- Spring -Summer -

- Spring -Summer -

- Spring -Summer -

- Spring -Summer

- Spring -Summer -

- Spring -Summer -

Spring

- Summer -

- Spring -Summer -

- Spring -Summer -

- Spring -Summer

• Spring Summer -

- Spring -Summer -

•< Spring -Summer

County

Presentraents.

c

M94

j.514

1,366

*'653

1,812

M55

*,558

>733

1,594

607

*,145

1,189

i,54

i,7»5

1,467

l»>45

2,164

1,66?

1,545

1,565

1,277

i,973

1,840

2,342

2.719

.4,720

3.076

3.976

3,7>o

3.793

3{579

3»452

3. d.

6 loj

13 11

8*

4

1

2

16

9i

5 7

8 5i

8 1

5 + 17 10

6 64

14 *1

1

3|

2

5:

4

1

16

14

8

2

‘3 9*

15 1°

3

18

3i

5 3i

6 as

19

17 8

9 9

6 8}

19 10} *7 7l

18 6}

9 6

"Barony

PresentmenU.

|Of which for use of the Militia.

3,079

3.941

4,150

*,467

3.531

3,525

3,434

2,844

3,468

33

2,800

3.192

3.757

3,663

4.14*

3,896

4,373

236

3,498

2,653

2,533

2,478

4,059

3.549

3.5*9

2,761

5.193 5,232

4.042

5.575

5.838

5,9S6

1. d.

7 6

17 7

11 10

11 4l

15 6 - 9

7 9 9 >9

>7 4

16 —

5 -i

12 2\

2 2

17 6

-> 3

6 3*

16 11

• 9

17 9l

11 6|

18 10J 3 8*

17 7f 4

*3 5f 11 4

1 4 6 8

9

8

6

18

4i

5

When presented.

1791

179a

>793

>794

>795

1796

>797

1798

>799

1800

1801

1802

1803

1804

1805

Spring -Summer -

Spring -Summer -

Spring -Summer -

Spring -Summer

Spring -Summer -

Spring -

Summer -

Spring -Summer -

Spring -Summer

Spring -Summer -

Spring Summer -

Spring -Summer -

Spring -Summer -

Spring -Summer -

Spring -Summer -

Spring -

3d. Junoi$Q5.

J. W. De La Cour,

Treat'.

45 Gf.o. III.

Appendix.

931

Sums raised by Grand Juries of the several Counties in Ireland—continued.

City or Cork.—An ACCOUNT of Money prefeuted to be raised on the City and County of the City of Coin, by the Grand Juries thereof, from the tft Day of January 178410 the lADay of January 1805; distinj-uishing the Amount presented at each Aihzes respectively, within each Year; and distinguishing the Sum* raised for Roads and for Militia, from those raised for other Purposes.

Y ear. Affixes. Sums presented for Roads.

£■ '• d.

•7 H Spring 4°® 9 9

Summer - - 360 — 6

»7®5 Spring - - •3* >5 5

Summer - - 3» 3 3

1786 Spring - - 354 '4 4i

Summer - - 9 5 —

1787 Spring - - 3'3 7

Simmer - - 098 *•— 0

1788 Spnng - - 501 19 10

Summer - - 34 8 —

1789 Spring - - ola 14 10

Summer - 184 — 7i

»79° Spring 747 >3 3

Summer - - 4‘7 >9 3

179* Spring - - 574 »® 4

Summer 473 4 ®

*79i Spring - 654 15 —

Summer - - 439 4 "

*793 Spring 760 19 3

Summer - - ^54 »7 9

>794 Spring - - 504 — 6

Summer - - 31® >7 6

•795 Spring - - 457 — 9

Summer - - I 151 2 IO

• 79® Spring - - 479 19 —

‘ r - 203 17 5

•797 Spring - - 293 ® 4

Summer - - ati 1

1798 Spring - * 552 1 s»

Summer - - 459 l3 5

• 799 Spring - - 863 14 6J

Summer - - 458 18 10

1800 Spring - - 1,156 t8 3

Summer - - 75* 5 9l

1801 Spring - - .•94 x3 7

Summer - - 7®4 8 5

I002 Spring - 1,115

Summer - - 928 13

1803 Spring - - 1,140 16 8

Summer - - 551 * 1

1804 Spring - ' 1,900 14 3

Summer - 1,603 16 —

Sums presented fur Militia. Sums presented for fun dry Purposes. Amount presented at each Alfizej. Amount presented in each Year.

£• d. £. £. s. £. s. i.

981 13 >•$ 1,388 3 84 ,

77* •* 4i 1,131 13 1©4 2,519 16 7

1,669 a g «.75i >7 1,807 18 2 1.883 — 54 3,690 18 7J

2,111 13 3 1,875 5 6 2,466 7 74 1,894 19 6 4,36. 18 14

1,697 17 lof 1,386 19 3 2,086 4 104 1,684 19 4 3»77» 4 2f

1,078 11 2 J 3,57* *• —4

1.862 15 10 2,207 iC 10 4,779 7 lot

2.344 5 * .-97 5 *4 2,626 19 11 2,081 5 10 4.7o8 5 9

2.3 >5 13 6$ 2,028 12 —| 3,043 6 94 2,446 »i 3J 5,489 18 it

2,621 18 34 »7®7 8 34 3,196 14 :* 2,240 it 94 5 .-<37 7 5

2,577 7 »• 2.344 >4 — 3,232 2 11 2,783 18 u (5,016 1 10

2.850 13 8 1,688 1 li{ 3,611 12 n 1,942 19 81 5,554 ‘2 7t

• .935 17 •$ 1,665 14 84 2,439 18 5! 1,982 12 24 4,422 10 1

•53 ® — 2,035 2 114 l,®'5 7 34 2,492 3 81 2.019 16 if 4,511 19 10

328 9 — 218 8 — 1,948 8 i4 i.785 3 ®i 2,755 16 U 3,207 8 11} 4<9®3 5

» - * M93 5 •» 1,692 >3 9 1,486 12 3 1,953 >3 9 3,440 6 —

<5oi 8 1 598 4 5 2,392 18 8J 2,249 17 54 3,547 8 6 3,307 x5 34 6,855 3 9l

168 3 7 525 2 11 3,883 14 8 3,628 2 7 3.9*5 i» 94 3-812 4 4 7,727 *7

836 i8 — 59 9 — 3,450 17 34 3*4!® 5 >‘4 5.444 »3 ®4 4>3«7 — 8 9.77* *4 *1

m m m 391 6 — 3,429 1 3j 2,623 13 94 4,623 14 pi 3-779 8 *4 8,4®3 S —

346 10 — 16 4 — 3,673 8 10 4,098 10 54 5,135 >7 9 5,043 7 74 10,179 5 4l

80 15 3 660 17 0 +.559 4 6 2,680 5 1 5,780 16 5 3,892 3 •» 9,® 75 — 4

34* 7 9 3,897 9 ®: 4,»77 ‘® 84 5.798 3 9' 6,124 — 5i 11,922 4 3

Wn Phillips,

Treasurer of the City of Cork.

a , father back than the tft of January 1784, not being able to procure any The Treasurer cannot sum.fh any Account %octuataf for that Purpose.

II E

Appendix, (No 7o.)

26* Juni

continued. ----->

e

Appendix,

(No. 70.)

26"

continued.

V-----

932

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Sum* raised by Grand Juries of the several Counties in Ireland continued.

County of Donegal—An ACCOUNT of Monies printed by the Gr*nd Jury of said County, from the ift January 1775 to the lit January 1805; distinnuishing the >ums raised for Militia Service irmn those raised for other Purposes.

Y tar. ASSIZES MilitiaService. Roads, &c. &c. j j Total Amount.

£• 1. -; £■ s. d.

1775 Lent - - - - 2,958 18 2 ' 2.0 58 18 2

Summer - - - - 1,809 19 8 1,809 19 8

177c Lent - -Summer - - - * 3>3'4 2,861 13 16 11 3,314 ‘.2,861 13 16 11

1777 l ent - - . - 3,i;7 7 4 3,1*77 7 4

Summer - - - — 6 3,210 — 6

1778 Lent - - . - - 2,138 19 1 2,138 19 1

Summer - - - - 1,6^9 9 9; 1,629 9 9

1779 ! ent - 2,927 H 7 2,027 *4 7

Summer - - - - 2,069 11 11 2,069 11 11

1780 Lent - - - 3,008 8 1 3,008 8 1

Summer - - - - 2,616 2 4 2,616 2 4

1781 Lent - - - - 3,232 7 7 3,232 7 7

Summer - - - - 3,°3* 19 3,t>3i 19 ii

1782 Lent - 3,415 1 7 3415 1 7

Summer - - - - 4.163 — 10 4>*d3 —— 10

1783 Lent - - - - . 3.892 16 10 3.892 16 10

Summer - - - 2,989 10 4i 2,989 10 4i

1784 Lent - - - - 3.221 1 6‘ 3.221 1

Summer - - - 3.868 3 5i 3,868 3 51

17*5 Lent - - - - 3.985 15 ii 3,985 15 i*

Summer - - - - 2,066 19 5 2,666 19 5

1786 L nt - 4,330 iQ 3i 4,33 19 si

Summer - - - - 3-7*6 5 —i 3,726 5 1 1

1787 Lent - - - - 4,028 18 52 4,098 18 54

Summer - - - - 3.789 19 — * 3.789 19 *—

1788 Lent - - - 4.085 10 21 4.085 10 24

Summer - - - 4,16a 13 2: 4,162 13 2

1789 Lent - - - 4.77 7 1 4.707 7 1

Summer - - m - 4.934 3 n 4,934 3 s*

1790 Lent - - m m 6*457 17 2 6,457 17 2

Summer - 3.326 9 6 3,326 9 6

\Tear. ASSIZES. MilitiaSen ice. Roads, &c. s Total Amount.

£ s. d. £. s. d. I £■ s. d.

179* Lent - 5.152 7 3 i ! 5,152 7 si

Summer - - - - 5,232 12 n 5.232 12 6|

1792 Lent - 5.369 — ioi 5.369 — loj

Summer - - * 4,835 9 7 4.835 9 7

1793 Lent - - - m - 5,543 1 6* 5.543 1 6*

Summer - - m - 5.786 18 9z 5.786 18 9t

1794 Lent - - - - 5.183 2 5i 5,183 2 5 i

Summer - - - 4,806 5 4,806 5

1795 Lent - 5,898 — 2j 5.898 — *f

Summer - - - - 5.635 19 6 5,635 19 6

1796 Lent - - - 5.604 12 I 5.604 12 1

Summer - - - 5.600 4 8 5,600 4 8

1797 Lent - 6,031 6 — 6,031 6 —

Summer - 617 9 3 - - 6,997 — 9»

1798 Lent - - 380 — — - - 7.458 8 iif

Summer - 220 — — - - 7.556 n 11

1799 Lent - - 215 — — - - m 7.478 17 2

Summer - 17° — — - m 6,6lO —

1800 Lent - - 225 — — - - m 7.803 11 9

Summer - 195 — — - - m 8,a88 3 -I

1801 Lent - - 120 — _ - 9,263 10 8*

Summer - 75 — — , - - 9,188 11 7

1802 Lent - - 160 — — 8,821 16 li 8,081 16 ii

Summer - - - - 9,276 15 4* 9.176 15 4*

1803 Lent - 9,758 5 1 9.758 5 —

Summer - - 6,930 17 7* 6,930 17 7*

1804 Lent - 9,699 1 2 9,699 1 2

Summer 702 19 6 8,706 13 »* 9.4°9 13 5 I

1805 Lent - - 1 0,046 9 8 10,046 9 8

James Quin,

Lifford, For the Treasurer of the County of Donegal

8th June 1805.

County of Down.—In pursuance of an Order of the Honourable the House of Commons, I humbly certify that it appears, by the Books in my Office, that the SUMS presented by the Grand Juries of the said County, from ift January 1775 to ift January 1805; distinguishing the Amount so presented at each Assizes respectively, within each Year; and distinguishing the Sums raised for Roads, and for Militia, from those raised for other Purposes, are as follows:

SUMS

Presented for Roads.

Cari itd forward

Lent Assizes . 1775

Summer - * D*

Lent Assizes 1776

Summer - - D*

Lent Assizes 1777

Summer - - li*

Lent Affixes 1778

Summer - - !)•

Lent Assizes 1779

Summer -

Lent Assizes 1780

Summer - - !)•

Lent Assizes 1781

Summer - - D"

Lent Assizes 1782

Summer - -

Lent Assizes 17S3

Summer - u«

jr. #. d.

15 lot

— 8*

*,17*

2,091

2,284

1,946

15 lol 19 2

2,349

2,2*5

3 1

9 5

1,925

L955

11 — i-4 4 i

1.978

1,984

3

>5 —

2,117

2,041

10 10

14 1

2.247

2,344

5

11 2$

M5*

2,297

10 9

9 5*

2,*278 2,285

14 10

18 5-|

£■ 1. d.

4,263 16 n

4.231 15 —i

4.635 12 6

3,880 15 5

3,96a 18 >i

4.159 4 11

4,591 16 4l

4,750 — 2i

4.56413 3r

39.040 12 6

SUMS

Levied for Militia.

£■ d.

£. ». d.

SUMS presented for Sal.triei; killing Vermin; conveying Prisoner*; Medicine and Bread for Prisoners; building and repairing County Gaol; building and ref airing County Session*- House; to County Infirmary; for building and repairing Bridges and Pipes.

r

d.

554 15 5

619 14 —i

579 18 »°t

472 11 7 h

5»5 IO 4

4«4 17 11

5^1 H 4

535 18 lof

484 7

525 18 1

572 14 —4

579 19 8

596 5 5*

671 14 10J

639 13 4i

686 10 9

591 ll 10

71a 2

£. t. d.

M74 9 5l 1,052 10 6 1,000 I ) 1,097 13 at 1,010 5 aj

1,152 13 8J

1,268 — 3J ,326 4 U 1,303 12 —

10,385 16 9

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

933

Sums raised by Grand Juries of the several Counties in Ireland —continued.

County of DOW N—

SUMS

Presented for Roads.

Brought forward -

Lent Assizes -Summer - -1784 - D*

Lent Assizes -Summer - - 1785 - D°

Lent Assizes -Summer - - *■» o>

Lent Assizes -Summer - - - 1787 - L*

Lent Assizes -Summer - - - 1788 - IT

Lent Assizes -Summer - - . 1789 - D*

Lent Assizes -Summer - - - 1790 - I)°

Lent Assizes Summer - - - 1701 - D-

Lent Assizes -Summer - - - 1792 - D*

Lent Assizes -Summer - - - 1703 - D"

Lent Assizes -Summer - - - 1794 - D*

Lent Assizes -Summer - - - 1795 - D*

Lent Assizes -Summer - - 1796

Lent Assizes -Summer - - * 1727 - D*

Lent Assizes Summer - - 1708 - D*

Lent Assizes -Summer - - - 1799 7 D°

Lent Assizes -Summer - - 1800 - D°

Lent Assizes -Summer - - - 1801 . D*

Lent Assizes -Summer - - 1802 - U«

Lent Assizes -Summer - - C*5 •

Lent Assizes -Summer - - . 1804 - D°

£■ m m s. d.

2,521 3 3

2,375 7 6*

2463 13 2

2,235 10 2f

2,424 6

2.639 12 2

2,890 14 3

2,909 14 4

2,999 7 4i

3,257 18 7

3,281 18 3!

3,328 14 io*

3.283 7 -i

3,367 10 4

3.494 9 -i

3,502 6 9

3.679 2 4

3.588 8

3,707 19 •I*

3,^4 2 1

3,8i9 is 9k

4,008 13 2*

00 O 19 -4

3*99 8 9t

4.430 1 8*

1.370 15 8*

4,349 10 6

4.511 4 7

4486 10 7*

44»8 5 5*

4,886 *7 ill

5»i°9 u 6|

5,854 7 5

5.7H ‘7 8»

5.860 10 —

6,115 2 4

6,624 9 ij

6,767 11 4J

7.635 10 io{

7,027 8 5

7,706 7 6

6,727 5 11

£• *• d.

39,040 13 6

4,896 10 9*

3 4r 5,063 18 4*

5.800 8 7 6,157 5 6,610 13 3$ 6,650 17 4*

6.996 15 9$ 7,367 10 6$ 6,993 3 — 1 7,81! 13 —

7*993 7 »°l

5.800 17 5 8,860 15 1 8,904 16 1

9.996 9 6

11,569 5 ii,975 10 4 13,393 — 6 14,663 19 3& 14.433 13 5

SUMS

Leried for Militia.

£• «. d.

- -

- -

- -

- -

- -

- -

- -

107 7 +t

10518 8414 71

216 3 152 4 —

107 9 179 8 6

185 7 in 5 —

i+7 16 137 18

123 6 203 16 6

80 16 36 16 6

33 16 —

190 —

215.694 7 *i

£. $.

A

107 7

I9O 13

368 7 386 17

396 13 285 14 327 * 117 13

33 16 190 --

4} 7 i

>i

6

6

2,204 1 7i

SUMS Presented for Salaries, &c.

r

£■ 5. d.

569 6 si

818 15 9*

729 17 lof

713 5 •

804 11 - 1 2

742 11 5

7*5 5 7*

846 2 6£

940 19 3

991 5 2

1,140 19 54

1.532 11 IO

1*543 15 44

1,720 6 lot

i»733 19 9$

1,6 8 0 2

1,624 8 s

1,482 8 n

1,662 18 ,

1,692 4 7

1,881 18 4*

1,609 7 lot

1,580 17 3*

1,791 — 3i

1,063 18 6

2,534 4 2*

2,537 19 8

2,687 — 1

2,216 5 11

2,242 6 4

2,421 6 3

2*249 10 11

2,773 2 6*

i,955 H

2,088 15 if

i*943 »9 2

1,870 9 3

1,844 18 6|

a,190 19 —

1*905 4 6

2,392 2 51

2,417 8 6*

£• *• d.

10,385 16 9

1^388 a 3 1,443 2 ioJ

1.547 2 5$ 1,561 8 a

i,932 4 3} 2,673 11 3* 3,264 2 3

3,432 8 11}

3,106 17 .4} 3-355 2 3,49» S 3,37» 17 7 3,598 2 8( 5,224 19 9 4»458 13 3

4,670 17 * 4,728 16 6$ 4,032 H 3* 3,715 7. 9* 4,096 3 6 4,809 11 —

80,288 8 lj

Roads - - 215,694 7 i*

Militia - - 2,204 1 7*

£■ ! <198,186 16 ioj

John Brett,

Treasurer of the County of Down.

Appendix, (No. 70.) 26" Junii,

continued.

934

Appendix.

4- 1805.

Appendix, (No. 70.) 2»> Junii,

continued.

Sura* raised by Grand Juries of the several Counties in Ireland—continued.

Countt or the Tow* or Drogheda.—A* ACCOUNT of the Monies presented to be raised by the Grand Juries of the County of the Town tf Drogheda, at the different Affixes and General Gaol Deliveries held at the aforesaid Town, from the ift Day of January 1775 to the lft Day of Januiry 1805; which Sums were levied and raised off the said County of the Town of Drogheda, for the several Purposes herein after specified.

c 1. d.

174 11 10

20 — —

194 11 10

131 - 1

20 — •—

151 — 1

108 2 —t

20 — —

19 11 6

*47 13 61

126 8 —i

20 — —

146 8 -i

114 18 6

20 — —

5 13 9

140 12 3

120 3 io£

20 — —

5 13 9

145 17 7i

107 17 9?

20 — —

5 13 9

133 11

123 12 10

20 — —

5 »3 9

149 6 7

117 19

20 — —

5 13 9

H3 13 7 i

130 6 8

20 — —

5 9

156 — 5

87

20 — —

5 5 *3 9

118 7 3i

120 2 2

20 — —

5 5 13 9

150 15 11

Spring Assizes, Total presented by the Grand Jury, for Roads 17th Mar. 1775. presented by D#, the Treasurer’s Salary

Total Sum presented for the Year 1775

Spring Assizes, Total presented for Roads - -

15th Mar. 1776 D# the Treasurer’s Salary -

Total presented for the Year 1776

Spring Assizes, Tofal presented for Roads -March 1777 D° the Treasurer’s Salary Summer Assizes, presented lor Roads 1777

Total Presentments for Year 1777

Spring Assizes, 07th Mar. 1778

Spring Assizes, 19th Mar. 1779

Spring Assizes. 8th March 178'

Spring Assizes, 13d March 1781

Spring Assizes, 48 th Mar. -1783

Total of Presentments for Roads The Treasurer’s Salary -

Total Presentments for the Year 1778 -

Total Presentments for Roads -The Treasurer’s Salary -The Deputy Clerk of the Crown’s Salary -

Total Presentments for the Year 1779

Total Preferments for Road* -I he Treasurer’s Salary -The Deputy Clerk of the Crown

Total Presentments for the Year 1780 -

Total Presentments for Roads - -

Hie Treasurer’s Salary

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown’s Salary -

Total Presentments for the Year 1781 -

Spring Assizes, Total Presentments for Roads -Ith March 1782 The Treasurer’s Salary -

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown’* D*

Total Presentments for the Year 178a -

Total Presentments for Roada -The Treasurer’s Salary -The Deputy Clerk of the Crown’a Salary -

Total Presentments for Year 1783

Spring Assizes, Total Presentments for Roads 43d March 1784|The Treasurer’s Salary -

The Clerk of the Crown’s Salary

Total Presentments for Year 1784

Spring Assizes, No Presentments ordered.

7th March 1785

Spring Assizes, Total Preferment* for Roads •

07th Mar. 1780 The Treasurrr’s Salary -Deputy Clerk of the Crown Clerk of the Corn Market, for Returns

Total Presentments for Year 1786

Spring Assizes, [Total Presentments for Roads -43d March 1787 The Treasurer’s Salary -

Deputy Clerk of the Crown’s D*

Clerk of the Corn Market

Total Presentment* for Year 1787

Spring Assizes, 4th April 1788

Spring Assizes, 15th April 1789

Total Presentments ?or Roads -Treasurer’s Salary

Deputy Clerk of the Crown’s D°

Clerk of the Corn Market

The Inspector of the Gaol’s Salary

Total Presentments for 1788

Total Presentments for Roads

Treasurer’s Salary -Deputy Clerk of the Crown Clerk of the Corn Market Inspector of the Gaol

Total Presentments for the Year 1789 -

Spring Assizes, Total Prese ntments for Roads -

13th April 1790 Treasurer’s Salary ......

Deputy ( T rk of the Crow n -Clerk of the Corn Market -InspeCior of the Gaol

Total Presentments for the Year 1790 -

Spring Assizes, 4th May 179]

Spring Assizes, 16 April 1792

Spring Assize*, 15th April 1793

Spring Assizes, 4 lft April 1794

Spring Assizes, 16th April 1795

Spring Assizes, 8th March 1796

Summer Assizes 3d Aug. 1796

Spring Assizes, 31ft Mar. 1797

Summer Assizes 28th Aug. 1797

iV- 1. I M 1 6 20-,

5 9

5---

101 15 3

U6 3 5

20 — — 5 13 9

.5-----

5-----

li 161 17 9

127 4 7i

so-----

5 13 9

162 18 4J

Total Phefentments for Roads -Treasurer’s Salary -Deputy Clerk of the Crown -Clerk of the Corn Market -Iufpe&or of the Gaol - -

.Total Presentments for the Year 1791 -

Total Presentments for Roads -Treasurer’s Salary -Deputy Clerk of the Crown -lufpe&or of the Gaol -

Total Presentments for 1792

Total Presentments for Roads -Treasurer’s Salary -Deputy Clerk of tl>eCrown -Inspector of the Gaol -

Total Presentments for the Year 1793 -

Total Presentments for Roads -

To Hampden Nicholfen, for Loss sustained by Fire ——

Treasurer’s Salary - - £. 2° —

Deputy Clerk of the Crown 5 13 9 J Inspector of the Gaol and Bridewell -

Total Presentment* for the Year 1794 -

Total Presentments for Roads

Treasurer - - - £.20-----?

Deputy Clerk of the Crown 513 9 i Inspector of the Gaol and Bridew ell -

Total Presentments for Year 1795

To Militia Families - - 7

To Hu. M'Cardle, for Loss hefuflained oyFire

To Treasurer - - - £• 3°-----I

Clerk of the Crown - 5 *3 9 J

Inspector of Gaol and Bridewell To Militia Families -

Total Presentments for Year 1796

13 »}

Total Presentments for Roads Treasurer - - - £-3° —

Deputy Clerk of the Crown 5

Inspector of the Gaol To Militia Families

Total Presentments for 1797

m 17 4i

20-----

5 13 9

5-----

5-----

159 11 U

137 * 3

20-----

5 13 9 5-----

107 15 -

132 19 — 20 — — 5 »3 9 5-----

163 12 9

59 H 1

44 11(*

25 13 9 5-----

134 9 *5

671 *7

1)3 3 5

*07 9

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix.

935

Sums raised by Grand Juries of the several Counties in Ireland-

continued.

County of the Town of Drogheda

Spring Assize.s, 16th April 1798

Summer Assizes, 8th Od. 1798

Spring Assizes, lith Mar. 1799

Summer Assizes, 15th July 1799

Spring Affizts, id April 1800

Spring Assizes, 13d March 1801

Spring Assizes, aSth April 1802

Total Preferments for Roads -Militia Families ....

Treasurer - - - £. 30-----

Clerk of the Crown - 5 13 9

inspector of Gaol and Bridewell

For providing Bread, &c. for Prisoners

Total Presentments for Year 1798

Total Preferments for Roads -Treasurer - - /, JI 4 6

Clerk of the Crown - - 5 18 ©

inspector - - 5 3 9

Militia Families -Bread for Prisoners,&c. -Recognizance enrolled for Treasurer

Total Pi efcfitments for Year 1799

Total Preferments for Roads

Militia Families -Treafn rev’s Salary - -

inspector - - - 3 P]

Deputy Clerk of the Crown 518 o j To Gaoler, for Expences attending Execution of W* Maginnis To I )•, for Farnan’s Execution -To D°, for Bread for Prisoners -

Total Preferments for Year 1800

Total Preferments for Roads -

T V. afurer’s Salary -

Bread for Prisoners -

Militia Families -Deputy Clerk of the Crown Inspectorof Gaol and Bridewell Balance due to Treasurer -To reinihtirle sundry Persons who were 7 robbed of Meal - - - - J

Total Presentments for the Year 1801 -

Total Presentments for Roads -Militia Families, for a Quarter of a Year - - - £• 1* *9 4i

Bread, Sec. for Prisoners - 62 5 —

Treasurer - - - 51176

£• d.

134 16 nd

51 17 6

35 >3 9

5 51 *7 6

279 5 J*

215 6 6

42 4 3

5* >7 6

51 >7 6

6 19

368 14 10J

283 19 6

5» »7 6

3» 2 6

11 1 9

6 1 5

4 7 lo

51 >7 6 1

441 8 —

117 2

51 >7 6

62 5 —

51 17 6

11 15 10

10 7 6

34 7 —

89 >4 9

429 7 2i

I96 9 U

127 1 l©f

Summer Assizes, 2d Aug. U02

Spring Assizes, 2oth April 1803

Summer Assizes, 27 th July 1803

Spring Assizes, 17 th Mar. 1804

Summer Assizes, 20th Aug. 1804

inspector of Gaol - £.10 7 6*1

Deputy Clerk of the Crown n 15 10 3

Total Spring Assizes 1802 -

Amount Presentments for Roads

Total Presentments for Year 1802 -

Presentments for Roads -Bread for Prisoners, &c. - -

inspector of Gaol - - £•f0 7 6

Clerk of the Grown - 11 16 —

Treasurer - - - 51 17 6

Coniervator of Roads - 10 7 6

Coroner, for Expences attending his duty

Total of Spring Assizes 1803

Presentments for Roads -To the Gaoler, to defray sundry Expences 7 incurred by him on Account of the > Gaol ----- j

Total Presentments for the Year 1803 -

Presentments for Roads -

Militia - -j£’51 l7 6 7

Treasurer - - - 51 17 6 j

inspector of Gaol - - 10 7 6 I

Clerk of the Crown - 11 16 — J

Conservator of Roads - 10 7 6

Plan for a new'Gaol - 11 16—

Gaoler’s Expences at Execution of John , Flynn ......

Total of Spring Assizes 1804

To awarded James Yeore, for Damages 1 Curtained by him - - - - 3

To Bread, &c. for the Prisoners Paid the Coiiedor of Cess, for his trouble 7 iu making out Applotments, &c. - 3

Total Presentments for 1804 - - £.

i- d.

22 3 4

345 h 4

11 6 2

357 — 6

212 11 9

62 5

22 3 6

62 5 —

5 18 —

365 3 3

13 H —

8 10 3i

387 7 6ft

264 4 7ft

103 15 —

22 3 6

22 3 6

6 9 Si

41815 11

25 18 9

62 5 —

2 7 2

509 6 10

June 12, 1805.

Harry Br ah axon, Jun.

Treasurer of the Town and County of Drogheda.

Appendix, (No. 70.) 26* Junii,

continued.

j

1

Coustt or Punuv.—A* ACCOUNT of Monies presented, to be raised by Grakd Juries in said County, from Easter Term 1779 to Michaelmas Term 1804; distinguishing the Amount so presented at each Term respectively; and distinguishing the Suim raised for Roads and for Militia from

those raised for other Purposes.

For Militia. For Roads.

£■ t. d. £■

Sims raised EasterTerm 1779 - 3.688 5 7

Ditto Michaelmas Term 1779 - a,449 *5 7

Ditto Easter Term 1780 - 3,164 14 6ft

Ditto Michaelmas Term 1780 - 1,989 i» 9i

Ditto Easter Term 1781 - 3,414 16 10

Ditto Michaelmas Term 1781 - 2,671 4 9

Ditto Easter Term 1782 - 3,329 >2 43

Ditto Michaelmas Term 1782 m 2,537 3 1°

Ditto Easter Term 1783 - 3,621 12 11ft

Ditto Michaelmas Term 17S3 - 2,938 19 3

Ditto EasterTerm 1784 - 3,876 9 3

Ditto Michaelmas Terra *7S4 m 2,667 19 8

Ditto EasterTerm 1785 - 3,359 — i°l

Ditto Vo 60. Michaelmas Term >785 2,865 2 11

Other Purposes. Each Term.

£. *. d. £■ '• d.

87a 8-ft 4.56o 13 7ft

516 17 2 2,966 12 9

968 15 —J 4,133 9 7

74» 5 4i 2,730 17 iJ

1,205 — 3ft 4,619 17 1J

1,273 13 3i 3,944 18 —ft

608 4 2ft 3,937 16 7?

507 19 3ft 3.045 3 1

989 8 10ft 3,611 1 10

1,151 6 3 4,090 5 6

1,492 18 7 5,369 7 1°

635 — 11 3-303 — 7

N Oi <© 00 00 4,245 10 sh

MJC* N O OO 4,735 10 6ft

ii F

Total Yearly.

£• *• d.

7.527 6 4ft 6,864 6 8$ 8.564 »5 2ft 6,982 19 8ft

7.70* 7 8,672 8 s 8,981 X —

I.

936

Appendix.

A. 1B05*

Appendix, (No. 70.) Q.C)' Juniiy

cou’irtucd.

Sums raised by Grand Juries of the several Counties in Ireland—

County of Di-blits’—continued.

For Militia. For Roads. Other Purposes. Each Term.

£• s. d. 1. d. s. d. s. d.

Sums raised Easter Term to 1786 - - 1,660 18 . 1 J * 2,508 2 51 4,169 — 61

Ditto Michaelmas Term - 1786 - 2,050 *9 10 2,030 7 C! 4, OQO 7' 6i

Ditto I.after Term * 1787 2,69! 7J 2,030 7 8:1 4,722 7 4

Ditto Michaelmas Term - 1787 - - 2,023 7 7 2,388 13 9 4,412 1 4

Ditto Rafter Term 1788 \ 1,5578 14 6 1,313 15 61 3,192 10

Ditto Michaelmas Term - i7sp - - 2,076 7 ni 1,911 9 — 3.987 16 ni

Ditto Ritter Term 1789 - 2,420 — 4-1 1,552 12 Hi 3,972 13 3i

Ditto Michaelmas Term - 1780 - - 2,697 17 6; 1,672 1 | / a 4.369 19 2.1

Ditto ! after Term _ 1790 2,-30 — n? 2,508 2 si 5,*38 3 5

Du to MichaehnasTerm - 17'J{> - - 1,898 18 H 2,508 2 54 4,407 — 6|

Ditto Rafter Term - 1791 «• * 1,874 11 si 2,030 7 8$ 3,904 19 2 j

Ditto Mici aeimas Term - 1791 - 1.915 — 3 2,508 2 er 1 -1 4,423 2 n 1

Ditto Rafter Term 179 - 2,078 17 10$ 2,269 5 -i 4,948 2 nf;

Ditto Micruif In 1:1s Term - *i?p * 1,960 — ii 2,508 2 si 4,068 3 0 J! - 4 1 1

Ditto hi aft. r Term - 17.1 - 2,501 12 si 2,388 13 0 4.800 6 ..J -2

Ditto Michaelmas Term - ‘79- - 2,124 H sj 2,508 2 si 4.642 17 2

Ditto Hu tier Term - 170. . - 2,509 5 -1 2,388 13 9 4,897 18 9:1

Ditto Michaelmas Term to >79! - 1,997 12 2,269 5 1 4,266 17 3

Ditto Rafter Term - * 795 . - 2,754 3 — I 2,149 15 11} 1 cr> 0 C\ 19

Ditto Michaelmas Term - 1795 n9 8 Si 2,170 17 4 2,388 13 9 4,678 19 9.1

Ditto EasterTcrm - 1796 353 6 3 4 2,405 7 H-? 2,627 11 ‘I 5,391 5 2

Ditto Michaelmas Term - i79(i 477 H 9 *>977 18 6» 2,030 7 4,486 — 11 i;

Ditto Rafter Term - >797 35s 6 3 2,674 16 8] 955 9 3,988 12 i 0 1 O’d

Ditto Michaelmas Term - >797 23s 17 4z j 2,640 H H i,°74 18 24 3,954 10

Ditto Euler Term - 1798 238 17 41 i>95‘2 18 3 i i,910 19 — 4,lc>2 H «i

Ditto Michaelmas Term - 1798 233 17 43 899 16 4 836 — 91 1,974 14 6.!'

Ditto * Rafter Term - 1799 238 *7 4i 1,560 6 C.I D552 12 ni 3.351 16 IO j

Ditto Michaelmas Term - i7i* D254 1 *i 2,351 12 2$ 2,269 5 Ll 5,874 18 6

Ditto Easter Term - 1800 1,062 12 ni * 3.117 18 1 1 2,281 10 3i 6,462 2 i 2 j

Ditto Michaelmas Term - 1800 - - 2,667 — 5 1,313 15 64 3,980 15 ,l3i

Ditto E liter Term - 1801 . 935 9 6 , 3,281 6 6 1,313 15 6$ 5,55° 11 1 6,:

Ditto Michaelmas Term 1801 c56 17 8 2,905 7 Hi 836 — 11 4,3!>8 6 61 j

Ditto Easter Term - 1802 - _ 3,116 7 9l 5 97 3 31 3,713 11 " 1 »• 2

Ditto Michaelmas Term - 1802 - - 2,740 1 Hi 1,074 18 21 3,815 — 1$

Ditto Halter Term - 1803 - . 1,256 17 3; 3,941 2 1] 5,197 19 4}

Ditto Michaelmas Term - 1S03 716 12 ii 2,663 6 3 D791 10 r 04 5,171 8 81

Ditto Rafter Term - 1S04 836 — 9l 2,423 7 Hi 2,388 13 9 5,648 2 6i

Ditto Michaelmas Term - 1804 238 4i 1.377 *7 Hi 2,746 19 94 4,363 15 2 1

— . ! I

Total Yearly. £■ d. *-259 8 -f 9»*S4 8 8 7,180 7 —. 8,34a 12 5t 9-445 3 11} 8,328 1 ioJ

9,916 6 2$

9.523 3 4§

9,164 16

9.5S2 18 oj 9.877 6 tj 7.943 2 4i 6,077 9 2{ 9,226 15 4 10,442 18 1}

N

9»948 *7

7,528 11 2$

10,369 8 —1

10,011 17 8|

Notf.—Tne Ih'eafurer cannot make out any trace of the Accounts ordered prior to 1779, nor has he in his Pofltfnon any of the

Presentment Looks, or original Records, of the said County.

Henry Baker,

Treasurer, County Dublin,

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

937

Sum* raif. d by Grand Juries of the several Counties in Ireland-condnned.

Appendix,

(No. 70.)

C I k Li a vF*GH, Rfiou.Ati'e 1 intav rJjLnmrv^V^to ul/'irt g' f , U°ney P^fen, ed by the several Grand Juries of the County of 26* —u tii:.. ... j i - 1 ‘ '■* lft Dav^ot January 1S05; with a particular Account of the Sum presented at

continued.

ASSIZES. Sum* levied for Roads, Bridges, &,c. Suras levied for M ilitia Purpose*.

£ s. d. £■ s. d.

L^nt - - *773 9 7

Summer D® 613 ’4 'i -

Lent - - 1770 2,077 8 , T

Summer D® 531 2 , 5 -

Lent - - 1777 2,322 17 A

Summer 1)® 409 12 10

Lent - - 1778 554 1 7 —

Summer D® 328 9 5 i -

Lent. - - *779 664 H 1 -

Sumn er D° 378 4 1 1 -

Lent - - 17 So 1,280 __ 1 z m m m

Summer l)9 •-3 1 0 -

Lent - - 1781 i.fCd 10 -.1 _ _

Summer 1)° 37« 13 2 I 1 . - -

L-'Ilt - - 17S2 2,412 11 n /

Summer 1)* 6-7 5 A -

Lent - - 1,0*3 10 -1 ' 1 -

Summer 1)* 6Sr 8 8

Lent - - 1784 1,80s 4 A ...

Summer L* 670 6 4 ...

Lent •7«5 > L 5 17 6 -

Summer i>® d;o — 10

L-nt - - 17 So ,018 5 5 -

Summer L® 712 10 6 •

Lent - - 1787 2,3;9 5 -

Summer L* 711 19 11 J1 "

Lent - - 1788 2,7S3 6 i'i -

Su mner D® 847 19 4 '

Lent - - 1780 12 4l -

Summer L>® 700 14 [){

Lent - - 1700 3,246 19 4 i — m

Summer I)° 9117 —

Lent - - 179‘ 2,213 7 7 I -

Summer 1>° 1,00.5 i«> 4r

Lent - - *79* 2,091 — 5 -

Summer L)° 1,044 12 5 A

Lent - - 1793 2,185 19 6? 1 -

Summer b® 7?5 3 4f

Lent - - 1794 *2,>26 15 3 , 1 -

Summer D* 8^8 H 'i

Lent - - 1795 2,4.51 3 9

Summer D® 1,366 3 1 4716 —

Lent - - 1796 2,74° 19 9 l , r* 00 I -1

Summer 1>® 1,417 4 4i 180 13 —

Lent - - 1797 2.37)4 — 10J 399 7 2

Summer L>® i,-47 H J

— - - - 541 9 —

Summer - - 1797 - - 330 7 9

OBSERVATIONS.

Summer Assizes 1795, for Militia Family Money.

Total Sum levied each Year.

Lent Assizes 1796, for Militia Family Money. Summer Assizes 1796. for Militia Family Money.

Lent Assizes 1797, for Militia Faraily M°ney-

■Summer Assizes ,797. to the County Treasurer to

he by him handed over to the Receiver General,

for the Repayment of (o much expended by Government in re-inliiting Militia Men.

Summer Assizes 1797. for Militia Family Money.

£. 5. d.

2,70+ 4 —}

2,608 11 ---1

2,792 10 4f 882 ti —1 1,042 19 — t»558 l 6§ 3.33° 3 2} 3,039 >S 4| 2,667 18 3i 2,484 10 11 2,785 18 4

4

2,730 15 11 3.05i 4 4 3,631 6 2f 3.H3 7 i2 4,213 19 42 3,279 6.1 if 4,035 13 lof 2,571 3 111

3,065 9 4l

3,865 2 lO

4,616 18 if

5,472 19 —1

938

Appendix

A. 1805

Appendix,

(No. 70.) 26* Junii, continued.

Suras raised by Grand Juries of the several Counties in Ireland—continued.

County of Fermanagh—continued.

assizes. Sums levied for Roads, Bridges* &c. Sums levied for Militia Purposes.

Lent - - 1798 £■ d. 3,016 8 6 I . p-

— - 295 5 2

Summer D* ».57‘ 9 * & - S

- -d 0 m 227 10 —

— 8a 9 9$

Lent - - 1799 3,802 2 6 m m m

— - 56 17 6

Summer D* 1,303 6 1 i -

— - 60

Lent - - 1800 2,916 12 6 -

— J 126 5 3

Summer D° 1,927 9 10 •. -

— - 40

Lent - 1I01 3.39* a — -

— - H7 17 6

Summer D* 2,012 11 a

Lent - 1802 4,810 3 — -

— - 161 13 5

Summer D* 2,290 12 — -

Lent - - 1863 4.30817 3

— m m m 69 7 9

Summer D* 1,445 1 9

Lent - 1804 4,696 8 3J -

— * 62 6 6

— rn m m 211 18 9

Summer D° 1,608 6 a -

- 135

1

OBSERVATIONS.

Lent Assizes 1798, for Militia Family Money.

/"Summer Assizes 1798, to the Earl of Enniskillen, 1 Colonel of the Fermanagh Militia, at the Rate of Two Guineas per Man, to supply the Vacancies in J his Regiment occassioned by Deaths, expiration L of the Time, kc.

Summer Assizes 1798, for Militia Family Money.

j Lent Assizes 1790, to Lord Enniskillen, to enlist £ Men for the Fermanagh Militia.

Summer Assizes 1799, for Militia Family Money.

| Lent Assizes 1&00, to Earl Enniflullen, to re-enlist I Men for the Fermanagh Regiment.

Summer Assizes'ifloo, for Militia Family Money.

Total Sum levied each Year.

«. i.

5.193 3 if

5,221 6

Lent Assizes 1801, to the Farl of Enniskillen, to reimburse him for enlitling 65 Men lor the Fermanagh Regiment, at the Rate of Two Guineas per Man.

5.oio 7 7

Lent Assizes 1802, for Militia Family Money.

f Lent Assizes 1803, to the Earl of Enniskillen, for enl'sting Ci Men for the Fermanagh Militia, at C One Guinea each.

{Lent Assizes 1804, to Lord Enniskillen, to reimburse him so much he expended in enlisting 5 Men for the Army of Reserve for the Parish of Pettigoe, said Parish claimed by the County Donegal.

C Lent Assizes 1804, to the Treasurer, to reimburse Government for advancing so much towards ( railing Men for the Fermanagh Militia.

f Summer Assizes 1804, to reimburse Government for •J raising and enlisting Men lor the Fermanagh ( Regiment of Militia.

5.558 n —

7,262 8 5

5.823 6

6,703 19 8j

Jason Hqtfard,

Treasurer, County Fermanagh.

CouNTtr of Kerry.—An ACCOUNT of the Monies presented, to be raised by Grand Juries in the County of Kerry in Ireland, from the lft of January 1775 to the lft of January 1805; distinguishing the Amount so presented at each Assizes respectively within each Year, and distinguishing the Sums raised for Roads, and for Militia, from those raised for other Purposes.

1775.

Summer,

*775-

Spring,

>77<5.

•summer,

177G.

£■ *• d. £• *• «• Brought forward £. 8. d. •

, For Roads - - - 1,653 14 lot Spring, For Roads - - 2,493 18 1

For other Purposes - 863 11 2^ 1777- For other Purposes - 1,138 8 10

2,517 6 1

For Roads - - _ 921 6 2 Summer, For Roads - - - 491 3

For other Purposes 772 9 lO 1,693 16 — 1777- For other Purposes - 1,00-2 4 9

For Roads - 1,828 1 11 j Spring, For Roads - - - a,456 1 3$

For other Purposes - 812 18 9* 1773. For other Purposes - i.3a» 15 3l

.— 2,641 — 8£

For Roads - - .40417 1 Summer, For Roads - - - 35 a 6

For other Purposes - 617 — 3 1,121 17 4 1778. For other Purposes - 1,216 9 6f

Carried forward - - - * 7.974 — H Carried forward 1 1 1

£. '• * 7.974 —

3,631 6 11

M93 § — 3.777 7

45 Geo. III.

Appendix*

939

Sum, raised by Grand Junes of the several Counties in Ireland-ca^W.

County of Knuiy—continued.

Spring AfTizus, 1779-

Summer, l~7J-

Spring, S780.

Summer,

1780.

Spring,

1781.

Summer,

1781.

Spring,

1782.

Slimmer,

178*.

*7SJ-

Summer,

Spring,

17-+'

Summer,

J7S4.

Spring,

1785.

Summer,

17^5*

Spring,

1736.

Snmrter,

1780.

Spring,

17S7.

Summer,

1787.

Spring,

*788.'

Summer,

1788.

Spring,

•789-

Summer,

1789.

Spring,

•790-

Summer,

»79°-

Spring,

1791-

Summer,

1791-

Spring,

»79‘l-

Summer,

»799-

Spring,

•793-

Brought forward -

For Ronds ... 324 13 6

t or oiiicr I’urpufes - 2-114 12 6’

For Uoa<h - 220 t —1

For other Purposes - 773 18 —

For Ronds - - - 1,589 18 3

For other Purposes - 5 9

For Roads ... 961 10 1

For other Purposes - 1.46514 5

For Roads - - - 2,976 7 8

For other Purposes - G375 4

For Roads - - - 4H 9 4j

For other Purposes - 1,018 12 11

For Roads - - - 4gi + 9

ror other Purposes - 476 10 4

For Roads - - 599 — 8.

For other Purposes - 1.203

For Roads - - 3.273 15 —i

For other Purposes - 1,013 n 3;

F<*r Roads - - - 701 15 4.

i oroir.cr Purposes - 1.5 -718 57

For Roads - - - 8 3 11 6

Fur outer Purposes 75,6 14 10

For Ronds - - - 570 2 7

For other Purposes - 6-,+ If*. 1

For Roads - - - 2,:V»3 ;'i —

For other Purposes - 1,81: 19 6

For Roads - 87 3

For other Purposes - 1.2-7 13 9 ,

For Roads - - - uai<)5 9 3

For other Purposes - i, S;o 8

For Roads - - - 338 1 6

For other Purposes - i, S9‘ 8 9

For Roads - - - 2,613 7 7

For other Purposes - 1,726 14 3

For Roads SO IO

For other Purposes -2,297 6 11

For Roads - - - 1,903 — 2

For other Purposes - 2,24715 if

For Ronds - - - 646 1 2

For other Purposes - 2,200 — 2

For Roads - - 2,883 14 8

For other Purposes i/>97 14 —

Fcrr Roads - - - 631 10 9

For other Purposes * 2,398 i° 9

For Roads - - - 2,855 8 6

For other Purposes - 1.33* 14 9

For Roads - - - 1,181 13 8

For other Purposes - 2,337 16 6|

For Roads - - 3,812 3 -}

For other Purposes - 1,797 1 "1

For Roads - 315 8 10}

For other Purposes - 40 t5 > 1 oc b

For Roads - - 2,003 19 9<

For other Purposes - i.5°5 7 8

For Roads - 1,0+2 11 c

For other Purposes - 2,-75 8 1}

For Roads - - - 2,723 6 7

For other Purposes - 1,075 6 7

Appendix, (No. 70.) 2b® Ju

con'in ued.

£■ «. rf.

18,1-29 1 8

2,+39 6 —£

993 19 —!

1,622 4 — 2,427 4 6 4-351 8 —j£ i»433 * 3x 948 15 1

1,802 — 8j 4,287 6 4 2,329 13 10 83o 6 4 1,264 18 8 4,206 13 61 M94 17 41 4.S05 17 5$ 1,929 10 3 4,340 1 10 2,377 16 11 4.155 i« 3! 2,846 1 4

4,581 8 8 3,03° 11

4,187 a 8 3,519 10 cj 5.609 5 —i 2,562 17 5i 4*4°9 7 5i 3.317 *9 3i

3.798 13 a

Carried forward * - X-Il03.«89 7 4i it

Summer,

1793T*

Spring,

1794-

■Summer, " *794-

spring.

Summer,

1795.

Spring,

1796-

Summer,

1796.

Spring,

1797-

Summer,

1797-

Spring,

1798.

Summer,

1798.

Spring,

•799-

Su miner, 1799-

Spring,

1800.

Summer,

1S00.

Spring,

l8ou

Summer,

1801.

Spring,

1802.

Summer,

1802.

'Spring,

1803.

Summer,

1803.

Spring,

1804*

Summer,

1804.

£■ s. d.

Brought forward - - i

For R.;a<is ... 626 4 1

For other Purposes - 1,856 5 6,

For Roads ... 3*1 R*5 12 5

For other Purposes - 1 >551 9 9

For Roads •* - * 93413 7

For other Purposes - 2,22017 3

For Roadi - - 3"67 8

For Militia - - - ■215 15 —

For oilier Purposes - 1,928 10 6

For Roads - - - 881 14 4

For Militia - - tion 2 —

For other Purposes - G —

For Roads - - - •2,023 5 1

For Militia - - - 1,628 1*5 —

For other Purposes - 1,50s 1 \v{

For Roads - - - 473 7 2

For Mil it /a - - - 1,224 7

For other Purposes - 2,380 8 3

For Roads - . - 2,58619 —

ForMiiitia - - - 1,500;

For other Purposes - 1,630 2 2

For Roads - - - 823 9 1

For Militia - - - 1,597 1° .32

For other Purposes - 1.578 3 1°

For Roads - - 2,6-0 6 2

For Militia - - - ^54 4 9t

For other Purposes - M55 — 7

For Roads - - 3°9 3 4

For other Purposes - 1,337 4 9i

For Roads - - - 2,470 8 11

For other Purposes - 1,59214 +i

For Roads - - 665 10 6

For other Purposes - 1,623 4 —i

For Roads - - •2,649 — X

For other Purposes - 2,523 9 5

For Roads - - - 785 H 11

For other Purposes - 1,7+2 4 :’l

For Roads - - 4.3+2 13 n

For other Purposes - 2,372 1 7

For Roads - 921 1 2

ForMiiitia - - - 1,700 12 3

For other Purposes - i>3°7 H s'

For Roads - " ~ 5,737 9 2

ForMiiitia . - - 1,559 18 6.'

For other Purposes - 2,608 12 'J

For Roads - 1,391 13 5

For Militia - - - 89 7 2

For other Purposes - 1,805 8 1

For Roads - - - 5.259 >6 2

ForMiiitia - 8+1 17

For other Purposes - ■2,941 2 111

For Ronds - - - 555 13 8

ForMiiitia - - - 631 9 —

For other Purposes - 4,163 7 7i

For Ronds - - * 5,134 7 2

For other Purposes - •2,232 14 8i

For Roads - - - 2,oS7 3 u

For other Purposes - 2,458 9 42

Total Amount -

2.482 9 7i

4- 748 2 t

3,164 10 10

5- 5H 13 9$

3419 2 4

5,iCo 2 n| 4-078 2 Si

5.807 1 5

3.999 3 2

4,349 11 6J 1,646 8 a

4.063 3 4

2,288 14 6§ 5,172 6

2,527 19 2$

6,714 15 6

4,028 8 if 9,506 — 2 4,156 8 8

9,042 16 9 5.351 10 3l

7.367 * i°J 4.545 13 si

213.413 17 —

T. Bleu F

Trails'. Co. Kerry,

41 O

940

Appendix.

A. 1805.

JULX.

Appendix, (No. 70.) 26* Junii,

, continued.

Sums raised by Grand Juries of the several Counties in Ireland—continued.

CoUSTV OF

Order

Kilkenny.- -The RETURN of John Pium, Treasurer of the County of Kilkenny’ in pursuance and obedience of the i*r of the 14th of May 1805; being the Sums raised by the Grand Jury" of the said County, for the lull Four Years.

The said Treasurer humbly states, £*

That the Sum presented by the Grand Jury of said County at Spring Assizes 1801, was 7 j *

for Roads and Bridges

For Salaries and other Purposes - 3>777 *7 1

For the Payment of Militia Families at) 8 —

Total this Affixes - - - 9*4*5

Sum raised at Summer Affixes 1801:

For Roads and Bridges - l>4°° 1* 2

For Salaries and other Purposes ...... - 3,830 15

2 6

Sum raised at Spring Affixes 180a ! For Roads and Bridges - -

For Salaries and other Purposes -

For the Payment of Militia Families

Total in the Yrear 1801

5^31 <5 4i

4,990 6 l

3*4-7 * 5 35 10

Sum raised at Summer Affixes 180a:

For Roads and Bridges

For Salaries and other Purposes

Total this Affixes

. . } *'+53 H 7

909 8 10

3,5(2* 8 —i

Total in the Y’ear 180* - -

Sum raised at Spring Affixes 1803:

For Roads and Bridges - - - - * -

For Salaries and other Purposes -

To reimburse the Lords of the Treasury, forfo much advanced by them for the Kilkenny Militia -

4,431 16 10*

6,296 10 4f 2,657 2 9*

177 9 —

Total this Assizes - -

Sum raised at Summer Assizes 1803:

For Roads and Bridges - - -- - - . -

For Salaries and other Purposes -

To reimburse the Lords of the Treasury, for so much advanced by them for the Kil-

kenny Militia

6*5 17 3 2,862 10 4

268 9 —

3,746 16 7

Total in the Year 1803 -

Sum raised at Spring Assizes 1804:

For Roads and Bridges - 6,054 2 1

For Salaries and other Purposes - - 3,256 6 4

Total this Assizes - - - 9^310 * 5*

Sum raised at Summer Assizes 1804:

For Roads and Bridges 882 ig 2§

For Salaries and other Purposes , 2,959 16 3J

To reimburse the Earl of Ormond and Offiory, for so much advanced as extra Bounty,

over and above Government Allowance

377 * 9

Total in the Y’ear 1804

4,220 14 3

Which is humbly the Return of

N John Primi

£• '•

14,716 8 io|

1^885 11 5}

12,877 18 §

13,531 * H

Treasurer of the County of Kilkenny. for Four Years, whick Is the Time he has been in Office, kn<J cannot go further back, not having got any Books from those who were his Predeccffiors in Office.

City of Kilkenny.—In Obedience to the Order of the House of the 4th May 1805, Olivfr Leonard, Treasurer of the County of the City of Kilkenny, fends underneath the Return of the SU M S levied by the Grand Juries of laid City, from Lent Assizes 17^8, the Time of his Appointment of Treasuref of said City, to Lent Assizes 1805; and humbly informs them, that ha cannot let forth wiiut was or might have been presented by said Juries in the Treasurership of William IIarty, former Treasurer of laid City, the profeut Treasurer not having got any Books or Documents whereby to ascertain fame.

To Amount of Presentments raised 7 ’ 4

Lent Assizes 1798, for Roads - j

To like for Militia - - - 64 15 —

To like for Salaries, &c. - - 17^ 6 5

To Amount of Presentments raised 7

Summer Assizes 1798, for Roads 3 7 3 2

To like for Militia - - - 21 16 —

To like for Salaries, &c. - - 217 3 4

To Amount of Presentments raised 7

Lent Assizes 1799, for Roads - 3 1 1

To like for Militia - - - 16-----

To like for Salaries, &c. - - 198 6 9

To Amount of Presentments raised 7 . Summer Assizes 1799, for Roads J 2 To like for Militia - - - 30 — —

To like for Salaries, &c. - - 183 13 1

To Amount of Presentments raised 7

Lent Allizes 1800, for Roads - J

To like for Militia - - - . 57 16 —

To like for Salaries, &c. - - 24a 6 2

74®

699

1. d.

12 3

3 11

1

To Amount of Presentments raised 7

Summer Allizes 1800, for Roads J

To like for Militia - - - 27 4 —*

To like for Salaries, &c. - - 171 11 9

To Amount of Presentments raised 1

Lent Allizes 1801, for Roads - J To I ke for Militia - - . 12 8 —

To l.ke for Salaries, &c. - 31g 12 5J

To Amount of Presentments raised 7

Summer Allizes 1801, for Roads 3 9

To like for Militia - - . 19 16

To like for Salaries, 3cc. - 181 3 3

*77 i* 4i

30th May *805,

fed j

To Amount of Presentments raised Lent Assizes 1802, for Roads To like for Militia To like for Salaries, &c. -

To Amount of Presentments raised 7 Summer Assizes 1802, for Roads 3 To like for Militia - -

To like for Salaries, &c.

To Amount of Preferments Taised Lent Assizes 1803, for Roads -To like for Militia -To like for Salaries, &c.

To Amount of Presentments raised Summer Assizes 1803, for Road To like for M ilit ia To like for Salaries, &c.

To Amount of Preferments raised Lent Allizes 1805, fur Roads To like for Militia To like for Salaries, &c.

£• *• d. 348 12 6

3 12 — *5* — 4

94 13 3

159 >9 9

3*3 5 5

217 16 Si 54 16 10

224 7 —

To Amount of presentments raised Lent Assizes 1804, for Roads - J To like for Militia -To like for Salaiirs, &c.

To Amount of Presentments raised 7 Summer Allizes 1804, &r Roads \ To like for Militia To like for Salaries, &c.

3^7 9 9

*57 * — 141 16 5

211 13 4

-di

312 9 —

284 15 10

Total raised -

£■ '• d-

8C4 17 w

*20 { t>{

93* *7 6

597 4

6,424 14 8»

Which ishumbly the Return of

Treasurer,

45 Geo.' III.

Appendix.

o".ns raise.1 by Grand Juries of the several Counties in Ireland-

941

continued.

City and County of from January

Londonderry—An A C C O IT TSIT

SX’tKStt,b' c"~ J"-

Y ear.

1778

>779

1780

1781

1782

1783

1784

1785

1786

1787

1788

ASSIZES.

Lent -Summer

Lent -Summer

Lent -Summer

Lent -Summer

Lent -Summer

Lent -Summer

Lent -Summer

Lent -

Summer

Lent -Summer

Lent -Summer

Lent -Summer

1789 I Tent -| Summer

1790’ 1 Lent -Summer

1791

ent -

.Summer

Militia.

C• *• d.

of the City and County of Londonderry, Militia Service from those raised for other Purposes.

Roar

&c.

Amount.

£ »• d.

>»7>6 >5 6 >.57* 2 8

2.807 1 10 >,858 19 9f

3.4M a 3j 1,708 14 —j

3.049 1 5i

2,678 11 10 ■1

2,739 *5 2,086 10

2,486 7 2,64a 8

2,667 11 3,385 19

5,oooo 2 2,600 —

5

5

8f

3 9

3472 2 2

3o53

3,858

3,802

3,624

4,227

4, H*

3,945

4>i-S

4

3

2

1

4

5

16

1

4,449 13 3,319 5

7

2

7

7

6

2*

8J

3

10

Year. ASSIZES. Militia. Roads, $tc.

1792 Lent £. s. d. £■ *■ d.

Summer - •

>793 Lent -

Summer

>794 Lent -

Summer - -

>795 Lent *

Summer 162 5 6 3.913 9 8i;

1796 Lent - >59 7 6 4,613 7 6

Summer 198 u — 4,78? >9 2

>797 Lent - 241 10 — 4.508 13 1

Summer 420 5»336 U 7*

1798 Lent 339 8 — 6,188 7 —I 3,996 8 4

Summer 2O8 1 —

>799 Lent - 225 6 — 5,631 9 1

Summer 235 >8 — 6,324 8{

1800 Lent - 48 1 - 6,103 >9 >>r

Summer 182 11 3 6,563 >7 3 j

1801 Lent - 108 16 — 8,258 14 4

Summer >,170 16 — 6.509 4 4*

1802 Lent - - - 52 5 — 8,357 >6 — i

Summer

1803 Lent ...

Summer 490 6 3 5,497 >9 9!

1804 Lent - - - -1

Summer 455 7»54> 7 9

1805 Lent - «» - -

Amount.

£- 3. d.

3,547 12 —k X

3.970 15 7f

3.321 8

3.7*9 *5 3t

3,965 2

4,202 13 3*

3,645 9 —

4.075 15 2{

4,772 15

4,982 10 2

4,750 3 1

5,756 ii 7*

6,527 15 -i

4,264 9 4

5,856 15 1

6,559 18

6,152 — u§

6,746 8 6

8,367 10 4

7,680 — 4*

8,410 1 —

8,745 18 8

9,130 7 4

5,988 6 —

9,170 10

7,996 7 9

8,696 11

The Treafun r of the City and County of Londonderry has made the above Return from the Records in his Possession; but as none of the Records handed down to him from his Prediecedors in Office go farther back than the Year 1778, he is unable to furnish any Statement prior to that Period.

Archd Boyd,

Treasurer, City and County Londonderry.

Londonderry, 31ft May 1805.

Appendix, (No. 70.) 26* Junii, continued.

County or Louth._______An ACCOUNT of the Monies presented to be raised by the Grand Jury of this County, from id January 1775 to iff

January 1805; distinguishing the Amount so presented ateacu Affiaes respectively within each Year; and difiinguish ing the Sums raised for Roads, and for Militia, from those raised for other Purposes.

Sums granted

I or other

Vhen granted.

S?r:n<, - 1775

Summer -

Spring - 1776

Summer - •

Spring - 1777

Summer - •

Spring - 1778

Summer -

Spring - . 1779

Summer -

Spring - . 1780

Summer - - "*

Spring - 1781

Summer -

Spring - 1782

Summer - •

Spring - * 1783

Summer - — "

Spring - * 1784

Summer * m m

for Roads.

Purposes.

£■ 3. d. £■ 1. d.

2,146 \ .51 367 >3 —

>95 >5 >°i 509 8 2*

2)0l6 >3 11 1,199 1 11

4*5 11 1 1,005 7 7

2,208 _ 6 6.S7 12 5

226 4 10 885 9 nj

1,953 15 603 16 n

>33 14 3 633 *5

1,920 19 5 57> 1 10

138 12 6 526 4 si

>,97° 10 5 642 19 2

215 10 2 621 5 1

2,070 6 7 543 15 5

201 9 10 55> 9 4

2,605 5 4 735 8 —

255 4i 726 12 ij

2,730 _ 1 998 8

121 12 4 976 14 1 h

2,569 9 728 3 *

*37 1 9 648 11 9*

For Militia. Granted at each Assizes. Total Sum granted each Year.

£• s* d. £■ *• d. £■ *• d.

- *,5>3 >4 5?

— — 705 4 1 ! 3,218 18 6|

• 2,*15 15 10

- 1,420 18 8 4,636 14

2,86512 11

- i,ni 14 9* 3,977 7 *1

_ 2,557 >> 8*

- 767 9 »l 3,3*5 >

, . 2,492 > 3

- 66416 »* 3,>56 *8 2$

2,613 9 7

• 836 *5 3 3,45 4 >0

• 2,614 2 —

— m 752 19 2 3,367 1

3,34° >3 4

- / 981 12 6 4,322 5 >0

3,7*8 8 5

- 1,098 6 5} .4,826 ,4 IOl

m m 3,297 3 9i

785 >3 6* 4,082 17 4

1

1

1

Appendix,

(\d. 7«.)

2 6° Jniti, confirm'd.

942

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Sums raised determined by Grand Juries of the several Counties in Ireland—continued.

County of I.ovtii—continued.

MThen granted.

Spring Summer

Spring

Summer

Spring

Summer

Spring -Summer -

Spring Summer

Spring - -

Summer - -

Spring Summer

Spring - -

Summer - -

Spring

Summer

Spring - -

Summer - -

Spring -Summer -

Spring

Summer

Spring - -Summer -

Spring - Summer -

Spring

Summer

Spring Summer

Spring Summer

Spring - -Summer - -

Spring . Summer

Spring

Summer

*785

1786

1787

1788

1789

1790

1791

1792

1793

1794

1795

1796

1797

1798

1799

i3oo

1801

1802

1803

1804

Sums granted For other Purposes, For Militia. Granted

for Hoads. at each Assizes.

£■ d. £- 5, d. £■ «• P-

2,308 lp 5 544 3 1 * - 2,853 2 6

*45 6 5^3 9 0 m 708 16 —.1

3,618 17 7 726 6 if * at 4,345 3 8i

62 14 6 43° 4 i«i - 4t»i 19 4* 1 - - t

2,604. 15 4 697 10 3 . m . 3,392 S 7

637 18 li 774 16 6 - - - 1,4*2-14 7!

3,'70 8 10 7J6 19 5 3,907 8 3

»33 »8 9 748 15 6 - - 8S2 14 3

3,179 18 9 ‘ ^94 2 a 3,874 — 11

71 2 9 O56 18 7 - - - 728 1 4

2,663 19 n j 6;i6 7 H s . 3,iSo 7 8

• 521 10 — * * 5'2l 10 —

2,659 5 1 862 9- 5 •i 3,531 14 6

14b 8 6 939 5 10 - * 1,085 >4 4 J

3>i^8 10 3 72a 18 9f A 14 i 3,851 9 — )

229 8 3 9*7 *5 7 * - i.*47 3 10

7 9 1,289 18 ii^- . 3.S04 6 8

59 17 2i 1,109 is 2| - - 1.169 9 5

3,4*6 g - 1,607 5 —?' m 5,023 14 —£

3*3 2 5 i>37° 13 10 — 1,683 16 3

3,128 12 5 1.151 6 3 4,279 13 8

209 19 5 1,184 10 1 385 " 10 1.679 10 4

3,553 *1 9 2,276 3 11 166 7 5.996 2 8

146 14 6 1,106 3} 331 — 4i- 1,583 16 2 j

2,003 — 9 1,077 6 6 205 41» 4.275 12 2

228 14 4 1,150 9 6 557 10 4 1,036 14 2

3,33 * 5 1,124 15 7 4,'57 17

194 — 3 1,070 1 4 409 18 — 1,679 19 7

2,806 15 1 1,022 — 8 S.S28 15 9

139 U 8 979 * 4 * - m 3,118 14

3,272 18 9 805; 7 — 80 17 8 4-'59 3 5

35i 11 6 1,098 4 5 14 3 8 1,463 19 7

3,898 13 5i 1,342 9 5§ 100 5,34* 2 3 1

53 17 d 1,065 10 7i - - 1,110 8 il

2,946 16 1 1,344 7 3 12 10 7 4.3031311

359 12 — 936 ia 3i 7 2 5i i.3°3 6 9

3,5*6 4 2* 1,669 16 10} 5,195 1 1

238 a 10 1,183 7 8* ft - 1,421 10 C|

3.9531* 6 2,503 14 i| . 6,456 12 7|

597 >3 3 3,039 4 3» - - 3,236 17 6|

1

Total Sum granted each Year.

£■ 3. d.

3,561 18 C| 4^38 3 1 4.805 — 2i

4.79O *2

4 76o2 -2 $ 3;8oi 17' 8 4,507 8 10

4,998 12 10$

4.973 «l

6,707 io 3$

5,959 9 — 7,579 »8 10 6,21a 6 4

5.837 r

4,947 9 9

5,623 3 —

6,^60 11 —J 5,607 — 6,617 11 7f

9,603 10 a

Robert Rage,

Dundalk, 6th June 1805,

Tteafiirer.

45 Geo. Ill

Appendix,

943

Sums raised by Grand Juries of the several Counties in Iceland—

County of Monaghan. As ACCOUNT of all Monies raised off the County of Monaghan* by Grand Jury Presentments, from tft January 1775 until ill January 1805; distinguishing the Amount at each Assizes respectively within caoh Year, and distinguishing the Sums raised fur Roads and for Militia.

Appendix,

(No. 70.)

26* Juniiy Continued.

When preleuted.

Spring Ailizes Summer Ditto

ng

J'pri Summer -

Spring Summer -

Spring Summer -

Spring Summer -

Spring Summer -

Spring Summer -

Spring Summer -

Spring

Summer

Spring Summer -

Spring -

Summer

Spring Summer -

Spring Summer -

Spring -Summer -

Spring Summer -

Spring Suntfuer -

Spring

Summer

Spring

Summer

Spring

Summer

Spring

Summer

Spring

Summer

Spring

Summer

Spring

Summer

Spring

Summer

Spring

Summer

Spring

Summer

Spring

Summer

Spring

Summer

Spring

Summer

Spring

Summer

*775

1776

*777

1778

>779

1780

1781

178*

*7«3

1784

17*5

Presented for Roads, &. c.

£. t. d.

1.355 H 10 854 2 2

Presented for the Militia,

d.

1.457 19 1,029 1*

1.252 12 878 16

1,3*5 10

1.252 16

9

5

1

5

7

9

642 11 8

944 3 3

1*^94 10 X 2

i*;>79 17 2v

2,092 *5 11

1,557 15 5

1,872 12 6

1.144 18 2

1,876 0 H

1,346 *7 1

0,3*7 p* / 6

1,581 4

2,008 19 4

358 9 3

17 86

1787

• 17*8

* 179°

- 179'

- 1792

- 1793

- 1794

- 1795

* 1796

- 1797

- 179*

- 1799

• 1800 1801

- 1802 - 1803 - 1804

2,7.10 19 790 5 16

6

9

2.-2;

6 11

2,0*2

2,861 10 5$ 2,19. 6 9

2,4cti 3 7

2,180 7 7

2,285 15 4

2,364 8 1 x

2,716 6 4,686 15

2,954 9 2,35* 5

2,619 19 2,074 13

2,974 6 «,587 5

3>3°i 1* 2,250 7

2

6h

8

2

1

8

1

2

9t

2,475 4 i,9H 6

7 i 5

*,331 13 — 3,858 9 5J

3,036 4 lof 3,450 13

4.101 13 3»93a 5 94 4,199 11 tof

0,710 7 7

4,561 18 84 4,143 4 lOj

4.95* 17 7

4,65* 11 14

5,220 12 3 2,850 5 — 4,667 18 104 4,834 12 7

Total Sum presented each Assizea.

447 — 225 18

102 7 122 17

406 1

m

a 19 8

1,285 7

139 18

9

5

m

6 3

£■ *. d.

1,355 14' 10 854 2 2

1.457 19

1,029

1,252 12

878 10

9

5

1

5

7

9

i,3R5 i°

1,252 16

642 11 8

944 3 3 1,294 i° —h 1*379 17 *4 2,092 15 11 D557 15 5

1,872 12 1,144 18

1,876 9 i*34ti 17 2,367 7

1*581 4

a,008 19

6

2

84

1

6

*1

358 9 3

*2 >7 39 1 '9 6

790 5 9

2,5*5 1 16 5

2,062 a; 11

2,861 10 5i

2,191 6 9

2,486 3 7

2,180 7 7

2*285 15 4

2.3*4 8 11

2,716 a 2

2,686 15 6f

2,954 9 8

2,356 5 2

2,619 19 1

2,074 13 8

2,974 6 1

2,587 5 2

3,301 16 9i

2,250 7 1

2,475 4 7t

1,914 6 5

2,331 13 —

3.858 9 5$

3,483 5 74

3»*7* 11 34

4*204 — 9i

4,055 2 94

4.199 11 lof

2,710 7 7

4,9*8 — si

4,143 4 i°4

5,072 a —

4>*52 11 if

5,220 12 St

4,135 12 6

5,8o7 17 it

4,834 12 7

Blayncy Avert Mitchell,

Treasurer, County of Monaghan.

Vol. 60.

it H

944

Appendix

A. 1805

Appendix, (No. 70) 26* Junii,

continued.

Sums Yaised by Grand Juries of the several Counties in Ireland—continued.

Countt of Roscokjion-.—An ACCOUNT of the Sums of Monet presented by the Grand Juries of the County of Roscommon from Spring AiTiees 1786 to Spring Assizes 1805, both ioclufire; distinguishing each Assizes in each Year; and the Sums levied for paving Support to the Militia Families, and for reimbursing Government for enlisting the Militia, from the Sums

levied for other Purposes.

1. Respective Assizes. ? 2. Sums presented for Militia Purposes. 3* , For Roads, Bridges, and other Purposes. Total for all Purposes. Observations*

Year. £■ *■ A s. d. £■ 1. d.

Spring and 7 Summer - -3 178G - 4«47° 18 6 4.470 18 6

Same - - 1787 - 3.6*4 *8 — 3,614 18 — The Grand Jury- Cefe only leviedonce in etch Year

Same m 1788 5.438 14 8 5.438 14 8 until 1791. "

Same - - 1789 - 5.53* 2 10 . 5,532 2 ro

Same - - 1790 5.697 3 5 5,697 3 5

Spring - - - 1791 - 4>57» 9 10 4,57* 9 10

Summer - - 1791 m m mm 1,219 4 9 1,219 4 9

Spring - - - 1792 mm m m 5*H2 — 4 5.142 — 4

Summer - - 1792 - 1*385 a 2 1,385 6 2

Spring - - - 1793 - 5»H5 3 — 5.145 3 —

Summer - - 1793 - 1,688 17 — 1,683 17 —

Spring - - - J794 - 3*9°8 9 3 3.9°8 9 3

Summer - 1794 - 1*432 — 2 1,432 — 2

Spring - - - 1795 - 2,054 14 5 2,054 H 5 The Sums in N* 3, from 1795, were for paying Support to the Families of the Militia, Wives and

Summer - -: 171,5 136 3 — 3.568 12 10 3.704 15 10

Spring - - 1700 f/>4 6 — 3.844 5 10 4,408 11 10 Children, and Fathers and Mothers.

Summer - - 1796 639 3 — 1,604 6 3i 2,263 9 3i IP.

Spring -Summer - - 1797 1,098 8 — 5,23° 1 8 6,328 9 8 - D*.

- - 1797 708 *.7*4 9 10 2,494 9 10

Spring - - 1798 250 3.084 7 5 3.334 7 5 D-.

Summer - - 1798 410 *.017, 9 8 1,427 9 8 .... D*

Spring - - * - »7P9 500 4>*68 6 2 4,668 6 2 ----- D*.

Summer *799 - 2,-74 1 7 2,274 1 7

Spring - - - iSOO 100 6,237 17 4 6,337 17 4 D*

Summer - - 1800 050 *.857 9 6* 2,107 9 «* - L)9.

Spring - - - 1801 150 5,-04 9 11 5,354 9 11 - d*.

S.ummer - - 1801 150 2,104 1 4 2.254 1 4 ----- D*.

Spring - — lS02 150 7.030 7 3 7,180 7 3 . D9.

Summer - - 1802 - 1,83* to 1,831 10 H "

Spring - - - 1803 ... 7.s56 5 — 7.856 5 —

Summer - - 1803 830 4 — 1,898 2 8 2,728 a 8 , This Sum of £.830. 41. in was for enlisting

Spring - - 1804 - 6*135 2 2 6,135 2 2 1 the Militia; and also.

Summer -' 1804 1*241 3* 9 1*853 18 6 3,095 2 3 This Sum of £. 1,241. 3s. gd.

Spring - - - 1805 -v - - 7*535 14 2 7,535 14 2

T otal for all Purp ►ofes - - -c 1 134.621 1 10 —

£- *

Of which Sum ihere was for Militia Purposes - ----- 7,107 7 9

For Purposes undermentioned, about £. 866 at each Assizes - - 33,774---

For Hoads and Bridges - - - -- -- - 93,050 2 3

Total

£• 134,621 10 —

There is presented at every Summer Assizes jf.ioo for the Support of the County Infirmary, and which Preferment is included in Amount N° 3 - - - . - -

The P^fentments for Salaries and Fees of the several County Clerks and Officers, Aich as Clerk of the Crown, Clerk of the Peace, Under Sheriff* Gaoler, Gaol Apothecary, Gaol Inspector, Treasurer of the County, Court Keeper, and the Presentment for Prisoners Provisions, ufuafty amount, at each Assizes, to &bbut -

The >ums presented for Snb-Constablrs at each Assizes, amount to about ——

The Sums pivfnted fur collecting the Grand Jury Cess, at the Rate of Nine Pence in the Pound, usually amounts to Three Hundred Pounds in the Ye3r, or £. 150 at each Assizes, about -

100 — —

400 — — 216-----

150-----

866 -

Fight hundred and Sixty-six Pounds, the Total of the above Present in ents, being deduced from the Snm of each Assizes in Column N* 3* the balance will be the Total of Presentments at each Assizes for the making and repairing of Roads, and the building and repairing of Bridges in the County of Rofcoimnon.

The present Treasurer was appointed in the Year 1786, upon the Removal or Dismissal of the preceding Treasurer, who having failed and absconded, he delivered up no Account whatsoever to enable the present Treasurer to comply with the Order of the house, by fnmilhingan Account of the Grand Jury Presentments between 1775 and 1786; neither does he knowhow to trace the fame with any Accuracy, but the Amount thereof may be fairly supposed to be in the like Proportion with the Presentments for the fame Number of Tears then next culuing.

Bob* Gujfy

Treasurer.

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

945

Sums raised by Grand Juries of the several Countie, in Ireland-

continued.

ACC0u x T "f «-y •"« to M Cwrtjr by Gmm> J, U rref,n, B for Thirty Yrtrt,. from lft January 1775 to id January 1805.

Appendix,

(No. 70.)

2 G* Junii,

continvcd.

c s. d.

177 5-

Spring AlTizes - County at large - 1,029 4 5

i>- - - For Roads - - 4,037 15 4

Summer Allizes - County at large - 12 -

I)- - - For Roads - - - fi-io 7: 11

177(1.

Spring AlTize* - County at large - 75*9 19 3

I)® - - For Roads - - - 5.h4« 15 9

Summer AlTizes - County at large - 19 3

1)° - - For Hoads - - 602 3 8

1777-

Spring Allizes - County at large - 604 5 7

b* - - For Roads - - 6,210 12 8

Summer Allizes - < ’ounty at large - 456 18 4

I)° - - I or Roads - - 738 12 6

1778.

Spring Alliz-s - County at large - 1,090 18 1

D- - - For Roads - 7>°-4 11 8

Summer Allizes County at large 6 2

i>- - - For Roads - - 597 12 4

*779-

Spring Allizes - County at larc:e - l-^ 8 1

1 L° - - For Roads - - . 6.O7 11 2

Summer AlTize* County at large . 1>37* 2 8

D* - - For Roads - - 7-3 3 0

1780.

Spring AITzes - County at large - 1,762 5 2

D- - - For Roads - - .. - 7,110 7 8

Summer Allizes - C or’ ty at large - 1,108 11 2

D- - - For uoads - - - 7p8 l6 1

1781.

Spring AITzes - C iiit/y at large 1,0*4 2 8

L* - - For Roads - - - S.o 1 8 7 5

Summer AlTize* - (’ounty large - 1,461 12 1

])• - - F a Roads - - 712 6 3

1782.

Spring Allizes < (-unty at large - 2,010 *7 6

.1)° - For Roads - - - 7^67 llZ 2

Summer AlTizes County at large - 1,756 >5 2

1C - . F or Uoads - - - 821 12 5

1783.

Spring Ati zes - Coun*y at large - l, -0 11 2

1C - - For Hoads - - - 6,075 12 5

Summer Allizes - ( »unty at large - 1,628 11 7

1>° - - Fur Roads - - - 5-9 4 2

17S4.

Spring Allizes - ('ounty at large - 1,99® *7 3

1C - . F\>r Roads - - - 7,128 11 2

Summer Allizes - County at large - 1,532 17 3

D° - F or Roads - - - t)2l 10 1

1785.

Spring Assizes - County at large - 1,789 2 8

D° - . For Roads - - - 7.003 5 6

Summer Allizes _ (’ounty at large - 1.637 2 1

I)° - - For Roads - - - 805 5 2

1786.

Spring AlTizes County at large - 0,07-2 5 3

D° - . For Road* - - - 8,102 7 2

Summer AlTizes . County at large - 1,921 6 3

D* - - For Roads - - - 185 5 10

1787.

Spring AlTizes . County at large - 2.5S9 3 2

!>• For Roads - - - 7.975 11 6

Summer Assizes . ( ounty at large - 1,832 5 2

- For Roads - * 298 16 4

1788.

ipring AlTize* . County at large - 2,078 5 6

D* - For Roads - - - 8-563 2 8

Summer AlTizes County at large - 1,237 5 8

I)°S For Roads - - - 528 18 1

,/89-

Spring Allizes County at large 2,580 5 2

b>* - . For Roads - - - 0,020 11 3

lurnmer AfTiae* ( ounty at large - 1,951 6 0

D° - For Hoads - - - 9IO 10 9

J79°-

spring Allizes County at large - 2,783 a 8

])° - . For Roads - - - 9-826 3 2

utnmer AlTizes County at large - 2,odl 2 1

D° - - For Road* - - - 741 8 5

Carried forward

*• <*-

7>36<5 19 8

,967 7

8,100 9 1

10,257 8 3

10,165 5 1

10,790 — 1

12,146 8 5

12,156 17 3

11,083 19 4

11,281 15 9

11,234 15 5

12,281 4 6

12,695 16 2

12,407 11 11

HA6* 13 4

15,411 16 4

180,810 8 6

0 . ,"9i-Spring AlTizes- -!)• - -Summer Assizes -D* -• -

1702. 1

Spring AlTizes 1C -Summer AlTizes !>• - -

1793-Spring AlTizes I)® - -Summer AlTizes D° - . 1704.

Spring AlTizes !)• - Summer AlTizes D° - -

1793. Spring AlTizes T)° -Summer A (lizes !)• -

1796-Spring AlTizes U* - Summer AlTize D -

1797' Spring AlTizes ]C -

Summer AlTizes D° -D* -

1708. Spring Allizes D° -

Summer Assizes Y)o * I>° -Lafl Spring -

* *799;

Spring Allizes ] 0 -Summer Arizes D® -D° -

1800. Spring Allizes 1)° -b* -Summer AlTzes b* -

1801. Spring Allizes L>° -1)’ -Summer AlTizes 1)° -

1802. Spring Assizet

D° -13° -Summer AlTizes D° -D# -

1803. Spring AlTizes

D° -

Summer AlTizes -

1S04. Spring Allizes D* -Summer AlTizes D* -

Brought forward County at large For Roads - -County at large For Roads -

County at large For Roads - -County at large For Roads -

County at large For Roads - - -County at large For Roads -

County at large For Roads -

County at large For Roads -

County at large For Roads -

County at large For Roads -

County at large -

For Roads - - -County at large For Roads -

County at large For Roads - - -County at 1 rge For Roads -

For Militia -

County at large For R»acts - -

County a* large For Roads -

For Militia - - - For Ditto -

County at large -

For Roads -

County at large For Roads -

For Militia -

County at large For Roads - -

For Militia - -County at large For Road* - -

County at large - For Roads - - - For Militia - - -County at large For Roads -

County at large - For Roads - - - For Militia - -County at large - For Roads - For Militia - -

County at large For Roads - - -County at large - For Roads -

County at large For Roads - - -County at large - For Road* - •

£■ 1. d.

2,831 1 2

9,995 2 8

2,071 2 1

639 8 7

2,973 1 2

•,927 3 4

1,976 1

705 9 2

3,291 10 5

7.997 5 4

2,833 4 —

1,033 8 9

4,187 17 3

10,4.28 11 7

4,"7 11 3

721 2 8

4,588 8 —

10,377 — 1

4,022 8 10

1.217 1 "

4,592 13 2

12,058 l —

3,841 13 11

910 18 —

3,302 9 —

360 8 1

4.385 — —

•286 — —

• 1 >4^5 — —

3,r>93 10 —

<5,774 3 —

3,419 15 1

1,637 10 —

M55 — —

1,449 H 6

3,<54 4 18 —

9,423 — —

5.834 10 —

1,110 _ —

805 — —

4.586 — —

16,154 1 3

630 — —

3,254 7 —

1,605 — —

3,608 — 3

14,748 2 11

495 — —

3,870 6 2

2,403 7 3

3,689 7 —

16,584 5 1

800 — —

3,5H 6 2

2,027 — —-

1,200

4,983 19 . 7

14,270 — "—

4,°°3 16 —

1,255 —

3,961 13 —

15,830 10 1

4,242 5 3

1,828 — —

£• d. 180,810 8 6

15,536 14 6

14,281 14 t

15,155 6

19455 2 9

20,204 17 11

21403 6 l

9,798 17

18,429 12 7

20,817 8 —

26,229 8 3

25,124 i6 7

27,814 1* 3

24,512 15 7

25,862 8 4

I- 4^5437 17 7

Amb. Lane,

Treasurer, C° Tipperary. Office, Clonmeli.

;he Act of Parliament dirked, all thSi ^hS^cS^p.

Appendix, (No. 70.) 20° Junii,

continued.

946

Appendix.

4• 1805.

Sums raised by Grand Juries of the several Counties in Ireland—continual•

Cot--vfy of Waterford.—An ACCOUNT of Monies prelVnted lo be rai.ul by the Grand Jcry of said County, from January ift 1775 to January ift 1805; distinguishing the Amount lo pres n J at each Assizes rdpcdively within each Year; and distinguishing the Sums raised for Roads, and for Militia, from those raised for other Purpose^:.

Roads, Buildings, "Walla, &r Bridges, Gullets, . &c. fcc. Militia. Other Purposes. Each Assizes.

£. s. d. £ '• d. £• s. d. £- s. d.

1775 Spring - 1,002 — 9 * * - 127 4 4i 1,1 .'9 5 H

Summer 798 18 8 m m 104 14 2 9°3 12 10

1776 Spring - 9>9 19 2 m * m in 6 7i 1,031 5 9f

Summer 5*3 5 5 76 8 6 5»9 13 11

1777 Spring - 1*072 15 4 87 11 — 1,160 6 4

Summer 612 4 8 64 5 6 676 10 2

1778 Spring - 1*258 1 1 80 8 4 *.338 9 5

Summer 396 16 1 65 6 6 462 2 7

1779 Spring - 1,051 — 4 71 10 2 1,122 10 6

Summer 298 3 — — mm 65 13 3 363 16 3

1780 Spring - 735 7 10 m m — 153 15 if 889 2 Hi

Summer 46014 2 m m m 79 3 9 539 *7 11

1781 Spring - 1,208 13 8 — m m 521 3 2 1,7^9 16 10

Summer 512 H 1 — mm 79 6 3 592 — 4

178a Spring - 1,382 3 6 m m m 79 9 _ 1,461 12 6

Summer 754 1 — 181 1 4 v:,s 2 4

<783 Spring - 1,366 — 6 13* 8 1,496 8 a

Summer 921 10 5 89 15 4 1,011 5 9

1784 Spring - 1,094 8 1 - m 586 2 3 1,680 10 4

Summer U043 3 — m m m 181 4 8 1,224 7 8

>7*5 Spring 1,063 5 8 — m — 165 10 7 7,228 16 3

Summer 1,101 2 — m m — 296 17 3 U397 19 3

1786 Spring - 1,626 8 9 m m 339 5 9 1,965 H 6

Summer 1,355 13 — 171 3 4 1,52616 4

1787 Spring - 1,107 3 10 m m m 370 17 — *478 10

Summer 1*638 l — — mm 177 13 — ,.815 14 —

1788 Spring - i*59o 5 2 m 1 m m 358 10 4 1.948 15 6

Summer 1,610 2 10 m m m 163 4 1.773 6 10

1789 Spring - 870 2 6 361 15 — 1,231 17 6*

Summer U999 2 5 — mrn 148 12 3 2, H7 14 8

1790 Spring - 1,611 11 8 m m — 175 17 9 i,7R7 9 5

Summer 1,198 3 5 188 19 11 1.387 3 4

1791 Spring - 1,646 1 5 m m 500 2 10 2,146 4 3

Summer 1*833 2 2 474 6 7 2,307 8 9

1793 Spring 1,404 9 — mm 611 8 2 2,015 17 2

Summer 2*551 18 — — mm 423 10 9 2,975 8 9

*793 Spring -Summer 1*634 M‘22 1 5 8 9 m m — mm 597 352 4 16 10 4 2,231 i,775 6 2 6 1

1794 Spring - 2,306 8 m m — 555 18 10 2,861 19 6

Summer U974 2 11 513 18 11 2,488 1 10

*795 Spring - 1.948 5 3 m m — 531 16 __ 2,480 1 3

Summer i*339 19 m rn m 319 1 5 1,659 — 5x

1796 Spring 2,785 10 9i 516 13 8 3*302 4 5i

Summer 1*895 17 9 m m m 514 6 9 2,410 4 6

*797 Spring - 1,085 18 4 m — — 702 18 4 1,788 16 8

Summer 1*309 7 7 m m m 358 8 4 1,667 15 11

*79* Spring 2,109 2 9 460 13 9 1*729 16 6 4.299 13

Summer 1*455 16 — 1*13° 6 — 2,586 2 —

1799 Spring - 2,145 2 8 1,011 6 4 3.156 9

Summer 2,443 1 — 264 — 8 871 6 6 3.578 8 2

1800 Spring - - 3,399 12 3 280 — 8 1*539 17 5 5*219 9 8

Summer 3*507 1.9 6 245 H — 1*389 2 5,142 15 6

ISOI Spring - 4*324 2 5 75 1,624 8 7 6,025 11 —

Summer 4,616 13 1 m m m 1,161 13 3 5.778 6 4

1802 Spring - 5,179 9 2 1,134 13 4 6,314 2 6

Summer 5,162 18 4 1*057 12 2 6,220 10 6

1803 Spring - 5,7°5 19 — m 1,092 15 9 6,798 14 9

Summer 1,023 18 9 m m 827 8 7 1,851 7 4

1804 Spring - - 4,828 6 10 . 1,190 13 2 6,019 -

Summer * 5,190 16 9 1,079 19 4 6,270 16 1

— —

Yearly.

£• *- d. 2,032 17 nf. 1,620 19 8J 1,836 16 6 1,800 12 — 1,486 6 9 1429 —10$ 2,321 17 a 2,396 14 10 2,507 14 3 2,904 18 — 2,626 15 6 3,492 10 10 3,293 14 10 3.72* 2 4 3.379 13 3.17+ 13 9 4.453 13 — 4,991 5 11 4,006 8 7 5.350 1 4 4.139 1 *1 5,71a 8 lij 3.456 13 7 6,885 15 —

6,734 *7 10,362 5 a 11,801 17 4

i*»534 >3 — 8,650 a 1 12,289 16 1

Waterford, iath June 1805.

Sam1 Roberts,

Treasr, C. W.

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

947

Sums ra, fed by Grand Juries of the several Counties in Ireland-

continued.

County of the City of

Waterford. An ACCOUNT of Monies presented by the Grand Juries of the County of the City of Waterford, from Spring Assizes 1785 to Summer Affixes 1804.

ASSIZES. Roads. Sa!ari< s; Support j of House ol In-{ duiiry; dr to of1 Gaol; building a > Court House, itc. 6cc. &c.

s. d. £. s, d.

17*5 Spring - - 68 16 6 *79 12 —

Summer - 68 16 6 166 7 5

17S6 , Spring - - ' 57 7 — 3^6 9 8

Summer - - 30 — 281 15 —

1787 Spring - - - 54 11 10 273 2 8

Summer - 10 7 tol 17‘i 2 8

OO 00 i>. w0 Spring - - - 204 >3 ft 198 12 10

Summer - * 183 15 7 73 2 10*

1789 Spring - - - 223 11 — *4* 18 2 b

Summer - - 220 12 6* 70 3 —i

1790 Spring - - - 219 >3 3 190 *4 5

SuminiT - - 201 10 6 7i 5 3

1791 ! Spring - - - U57 15 6 263 — 3

Summer *47 US 3i *3

1792 Spring - - - 147 14 5 170 17 8

I Summer - - 110 2 7 9* 9

1793 j Soring - - - 43* 7 9 9 9

i Summer - 3*4 9 11 94 16 li]

1794 1 Soring - - - 2*3 *-3 2 237 5

1 1 Summer 281 10 5* *73 13 3

Militia.

9. d.

ASSIZES.

1795

1796

1797

'798

1799

1800

1801

1802

1803

1804

Spring

Summer

Spring Summer

Spring -Summer

Spring -Summer

Spring -Summer

Spring -[Summer

Spring -Summer

Spring -Summer

Spring -Sommer

Spring -Summer

Roads.

jSalaries; Support of House of In, dustry; ditto of Gaul; building a Court House,o&c. 6cc. 6cc.

/• d. £ s. d.

37* 7 3 222 1 9

224 14 — 105 1 4

321 *7 »oi 305 ll 9

126 9 1*5 *3 1

3*° 9 9 298 15 7*

121 1 — 163 19 5*

210 H 4 3*8 *4

77 8 268 9 5

294 10 — 3*i 4 11

*35 *4 3 187 — 1

373 *4 6 404 4 7*

167 3 9 282 *9 7i

229 4 3 489 11 4

300 *7 — 307 16 9l

583 3 8 440 1 2

588 2 287 18 —

- - 4*3 1 H

34 9 — 296 4 6

888 8 — 44* *5 3

682 ll 4 448 8 5

Militia.

£- d.

122 17 —

There were not any Books handed to me by the former Treasurer, or I would have feat the Account from lft January 1775, as ordered.

Tlios. Back asy

Waterford, May 31, iffi.5. Treasurer, City of Waterford.

County of Wicklow.—In pursuance to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, bearing date the 14th Day of May 1805, by which it was ordered that there belaid before this House An ACCOUNT of the Monies presented to be raised by Grand Juries in the different Counties, Counties of Cities, and Counties of Towns in Ireland, from the lft of January 1775 to the lft of January 1805; distinguishing the Amount so j relented at each Affixes respectively within each Year; and distinguishing the Sums raised for Roads and Militia, from those raised for other Purposes.

I, Abraham Chiutcmly, Treasurer of said County of Wicklow, Do hereby certify, That from Spring Affixes 1777* longest Period I have been fur-riffied with the late Treasurer’s Accounts, to the ill of January 1805, that the following Sums have been presented by the Grand Juries of said County of Wicklow for Roads, Militia, and other Purposes.

STATEMENT of Monies presented, as appears by the Books of John Lambert, late Treasurer of the County Wicklow, commencing Spring Affixes 1777, which is the latest Date of any Document relative to Preferments in the TreasureTs Poffieffiion.

Spring Assizes 1777: nted for Roads tills Assizes - -

*d for other Purposes I)c -

otal presented taring Affixes 1777

Summer Assizes 1777:

Vefentment for Roads tin's Assizes. :d for other Purposes D° -

Spring Affixes 1778:

■nted lor Hoads this Assizes - -*d for other Purposes -

'1 oial pixlenieu this Assizes -

Summer Affixes 177S:

■11 led for Roa*s tui> Affixes :d for other i\ir;< ffis D'( -

Total prelected this Affixes -

Spring Affixes 1770:

‘ 111*• c 1 for Road* tins Affixes d for other Purposes J)° -

Tutu! prehnted this Assizes-

Carried forward

£■ »• d-

1,20411 1

5-3 li 8

1,^3 13 9' 7 f-.i

1 12 8

357 '4 7-i

5 5f 108 16 6

£■ *■ d.

2,728 3 9 658 + 6J

1,961 l 3 359 7 3l t,8l>6 1 nf

7,57^ 18

Brought forward - -

Summer Atlizes 1779:

Presented for Roads tins Assizes - -

Raised for other Purposes h° -

Total pi limited this Assizes -

Spring Assizes 1780:

Presented lor Honda tins Assizes - -

Railed for other Purposes l’/° -

Total presented this Assizes -

Summer Affixes 1780:

Presented for Roads this Assizes - -

Railed for other Purposes h° -

Total presented this Assizes -

Spring Assizes 1781:

Presented for Hoads this Assizes - -

Railed lor other Purposes h° -

Total d 11 is Assizes -

Summer Af No Prefeuiment Railed for other

lit

er

cJ

'is Assizes

1,044

ward - -

C s d.

100 10 ___

691 4 11

1,781 2?

508 10 4f

22 10

7-4 7 8

2,322 8

388 10 I 1

7.572 18

d.

9»

791 14 11

2,289 10 7

746 17 8

2,710 18 3

787 10 16

14,899 11 —I

II

Appendix, (No. 70.) 26° Juv

continued. —~NZ——

948

Appendix.

A. 1805.

‘.npendir,

[No. 70.)

26’ Jum'i,

continued.

Sums raised by Grand Juries of the several Counties in Ireland—continued.

County of Wicklow—continued.

Brought forward * Spring Assizes 1782:

Presented for Hoads this Assizes - "

Bailed for other Purposes

Total presented this Assizes -

Summer Assizes 1782:

No B«m(1* pretented this Assizes.

Railed for other I’urpofru - -

Spring Assizes 1783*

Presented for Roads this Assizes - -

Railed for other Purposes D° -

' Total presented this Assizes -

Carried forward - -

£. s. d.

2,124 10 2

588 14 3A

2,511 16 8f 44* 9 3*

£- •- *• 14,89911 —

2,813 4 5

969 5 7i

5.953 6 —

- £■ 51,635 7 i$

Brought forward - -

Summer Assizes 1783:

No Roads presented tins Assizes.

Railed for other Purposes D* -

Spring Assizes 1784:

Presented for Roads this Assizes - -

Railed for other Purposes D° -

Total presented this Assizes

Total Amount presented, as appears from the late Treasurer’s Books, commencing Spring Assizes 1777 to Spring Assizes 1784 ioclusive -

MONIES presented since the Commencement of the present Treasures.

Summer Assizes 1784*.

Presented for Roads this Assizes - -

Railed for other Purposes D# -

Total presented this Assizes -

Spring Assizes 1785:

Presented for Roads this Assizes - -

Railed for other Purposes !)•--• Total presented this Assizes -

Summer Assizes 1785:

No Prclentment of Roads this Assizes-Railed for other Purposes D9 -

Spring Assizes 1786:

Presented for Roads this Assizes -

Raised for other Purposes D° -

Total presented this Assizes -

Summer Assizes 1786:

No Pivfenfment for Roads this Assizes Raised for other Purposes I>° -

Spring Assizes 1787:

Presented for Roads tids Assizes - -

Raised Jor ether Purposes 1)° -

Total presented this Assizes -

Summer Assizes 1787:

No Roads prefmted this Assizes.

Raif ^d for other Purposes L>° -

Spring Assizes 1788:

Presented for Roads this Assizes - -

Raised for other Purposes D* -

Total presented this Assizes -

Summer Assizes 1788:

No Prefcutment for Roads this Assizes - Raised for other Purposes D° -

Spring Assizes 1789:

Presented for Ronds this Assizes - Raised for other Purposes D° -

Total presented this Assizes -

Summer Assizes 1789:

Presented for Roads this Assizes - Raised for other Purposes D° -

Total presented this Assizes -

Spring Assizes 1700:

Presented for Roads this Assizes - Raised for other Purposes D° - - -Total presented this Assizes -

Summer Assizes 1790:

Presented for Roads this Assizes - Raised for other Purposes D° - -

Total presented this Assizes -

Spring Assizes 1701:

Presented U v Roads this Assizes - Raised for other Purposes D° - -

Total presented this Assizes -

Summer Assizes 1 791:

Presented ior 1 i- 1 UtLis Assizes Ku.Act for olh-r Furpof s D° - -

Total presented this Assizes -

SprVg Assizes 1792:

Prr-A'i^efl h.-r Ronds this Assizes Uaded for other Purposes D® -

Total presented this Assizes -

Carried forward -

25 4 — 1,236 19 6$

1,963 3 8J 963 5 10

»,8?9 2 4.J 1,099 11 8|

1,749 4 4 1,387 15

2,399 5 if 1,217 14 M

2,232 15 4{ 728 17 9

75 15 5$

828 11 3-i-

2,574 H 10i 898 8 8

242 6 —

835 - 3*

2,486 16 1

737 *5 1

42-----

710 17 4

* 4 4i

J 10 —4

1,262

3 61

2,926 9 6J

1,167 i —i

2,988 14 —I 1,29a 7 8

3,137 ~ 3i 772 18 7$

3.616 19 3} 1,343 12 11J

2,961 13 ij 901 3 9{

3,473 3 6{ 1,078 6 3}

3,224 11 5 1,755 17 4§ 3.879 14 5

Brought forward - -

Summer Assizes 1792:

Presented for Ro-* !s this Assizes •

Raised for other Purposes I>° - •

Total presented this Assizes -

Soring Assizes 1793:

Presented for Roads this Assizes -Railed for other Purposes I)* -

' Total presented this Assizes

Summer Assizes 1793:

Presented for Roads this Assizes -

Raised for other Purposes - - -Total presented this Assizes -

Spring Assizes 1794:

Presented for Roads this Assizes - Raised for other Purposes D* -

Total presented this Assizes

Summer Assizes 1794:

Presented for R oads this Assizes -

Railed for other Purposes D° - -

Total presented this Assizes

Spring Assizes 1795:

Presented far Roads this Assizes -

Raised for odo r Purposes D* - - Total presented this Assizes

Summer Assizes 1705:

Presented fl.r Roads this Assizes . Raised for ether Purposes

D* for Militia D* - -

Total presented this Assizes

Spring Assizes 1796:

PreflmTpcl for Roads tills Assizes Raised for other Purposes D* - -

D° far Mibtia - ......

Total presented this Assizes

Summer Assizes 1796: Presented for Roads this Assizes -Raised for other Purposes £)• -

D* for Militia

Total presented this Assizes

Spring Assizes 1797:

Presented for Ror.ds tais Assizes Raised for other Purposes D® *

35,779 13

Df for Militia

Total presented this Assizes

Summer Assizes 1797:

Presented for Roads this Assizes Raised for other Purposes D® - -

Total presented this Assizes

Spring Assizes 1798:

PreCeuted for Roads tfos Assizes -Railed for other Purposes D* - -

D* for Militia -

Total presented this Assizes -

Carried forward - -

£. s. d. £. s. d.

m m m 21,635 7 if

+ 946 8 2j

2,408 1 5J

545 5 4i

2,953 6 10

- * * 25,535 2' 2|

£. #. d.

73 9 9

1.329 8 4i

3,205 9 7

965 5 2i

66 7 9

871 17 -i

2,816 ia a

791 1 a

189 17 9i

1,078 18 2

a,442 9 5}

800 3 9

62 12 7

944 18 10$

i,o«7 it 5*

27 12 —

3,347 8 4

964 5 —f

4»3* * *3 4*

12S 10 Hi

*5 8 3

1/23° 5 5*

*,3*5 *3 H

*3* 3 —1

1.755 18 -i

1,043 4 10

2,799 2 10J

10 16 —

8714 2

1,354 16 *i

2,474 7 5f

1,893 n

4.367 18 11

41a ——

m •

C *- d.

35.779 13 8j

1,402 l8 l}

4.17° 14 9l

938 4 9i

3.607 13 aj

1,268 15 11I

3,242 13 2j

1,035 3 5l

4,440 4

1046 *6 111

2,809 18 ioJ 1,442 11 if

4,779 18 n

66,365 7 3l

45 Geo. III.

Appendix;

949

Brought forward - -No Assizes Suiiimnv 1798, or Spring 1799, un Account of the Rebellion.

Summer Affixes 1799:

Presented for Bonds this Affixes - -

Knifed for other Purposes DJ - -

Df for Militia ......

Total presented thi* Affixes

Spring Affixes 1800:

Presented for Hoads tins Assizes Railed for other Purposes D* - -

Total presented this Assizes

Sums raised by Grand Juries of the several Counties in Ireland—continued. County of Wicklow—continued.

c

d.

2*3 5 1

1,809 7 —

Summer Affixes 1800:

Press-nted for Roads this Assizes Railed for oih«*r Purposes !)• - -

Total presented this Affixes

Spring Affixes 1801:

Presented for Roads* this Affiz°S Raised lor other Pm poses D* - -

Total prt failed this Assizes

Summer Affxes 1S01:

Presented for Hoads this Affixes Railed for other Purposes D® - -

D* for M ;Ktia ——

Total presented this Affixes

Spring Affixes 1802:

Presented lor Roads this Affixes Ru i icd for other Purposes DJ

aotal prclcnUid this Affixes

Summer Affixes 180 *:

Presented for R" ids this A ffxe* Railed for other Pun-ole-* I)* - -

Total presented this Affixes

Carried forward •

3,092 12 1

590 — —

1,935 3 n

>,240 10 •—

83 1 4

1,356 17 9

3*32i 6 1*

1,229 10 1*

>57 16 11

1,144 16 ni

1.302 13 10$

400 — —

3,051 16 5

779 8 8

114 6\

1,047 7 9

£ s. d.

66465 7 3{

2,682 12 1

3A75 13 7 i

M39 19 1

4^5 16 z

1,702 13 10J

3,831 5 1

1,161 8 zi

*4>9°9 *5 7i

Brought forward - -

Spring Assizes 1803:

Presented for Roads this Assizes - -Raised for other Purposes D* - - -Total presented this Affixes -

Summer Assizes 1803:

Presented for Roads this Affixes -Railed lor other Purposes D° - - -Total presented this Assizes -

Spring Assizes 1804:

Presented for Roads this Assizes -Raised for other Purposes D# - - -Total presented this Affixes -

Summer Assizes 1804:

Presented for Roads this Assizes Raised for other Purposes D® -

D® for Militia ——

Total presented this Assizes -

Total Amount presented ffnee the Commencement of the present Treasurer, from Summer Assizes 1784 to Summer Assizes 1804 inclusive -

Amount as appears by the late Treasurer*s Books, ending Spring A1-fi2cs 1784- - - - - "

Total Amount presented by Grand Juries in the County of Wicklow, from Spring Affixes 1777 to the iff of January 1805 - -

£. t. d.

- -

4,346 6 1

1,566 act

104 4 ai

988 5

3,664 15

1,200 I5 11

50 14 9

929 17 6

980 12 3

827 4 ~1 / 4

1*07 16 10]

9*>594 * 5}

25,535 2

124,129 3 7*

Given under my Hand this 1 19th Day of June 1805. J

A bra. Chritchly,

Treasurer of the County of Wicklow,

Appendix,

(No. 70.)

26* Ju

continued.

£• s. d.

84,909 »5 7i

5.912 8 71

1,09a 9 5

4,871 10 11}

An ACCOUNT of the Manner in which the SUM of £.500,000, Granted by the IRISH Parliament,

To the DIRECTORS OF INLAND NAVIGATION IN IRELAND, HAS BEEN DISPOSED OF;

FROM THE I7TH OCTOBER 1803, TO THE 3IST M.W 1805.

C Appendix,

-J (No. 71-)

t 26*

SUMS i.Tucil from the Trejfu-y of IRELAND, purfmnt to the Act of the: 40th of the King, intitule,*, €i AN ACT FOR GRANTING TO HIS <• MAJESTY THE SUM OF £ 5cc, coo, FOR PROMOTING IN-, LAND NAVIGATION IN IRELAND, AND FOR OTHER PUR- . «, POSES THEREIN MENTIONED, AND FOR AUTHORIZING ’ THE raising of the said sum BY LOAN." How the SUM of £. 35,309. 5. 6J, issued to the DIRECTORS of alt Works relating to Inland Navigation in Ireland; and the Sum of £. 3,330. 12. 8, Balance in Bank upon the last Account, making together the SUM of £. 38,6-59. lS. 2*-, has been Applied j—Dif-tinguishing each Head ot Expenditure. AGREEMENTS ifnde with NAVIGATION COMPANIES by the DIRECTORS of all Works relating to Inland Navigation in Ireland, and upon which any ISSUES have been made in Part. - £ J? c £ £ ~ .2 £ v * 2 t/5 v S 60 XV O ’> S usCa 3 to< - W , * -o 06 = c S - jj i 0 V Q c rt e- < E ? c v- V W O u

£. '• 'j £ 4 £■ *•

1X03. V

October 17 BALANCE of PARLIAMENTARY GRANT, i ESTABLISHMENT of the BOARD: ROYAL CANAL COMPANY <

remaining upon the 1-ff Account - 416,19819 21:. Directors Salaries, for One Year and Balance remaining to them upon the

Three Quarters - £a>VS lait Account, Net £. 73^866 7 10

• Officers under the Board, I (Toed upon the Board’s

cr like Period - - - 2,195 x 5 Certificates to the Lord Lieutenant, Net 30,000 — —

Engineers, ditto, lik#

Period 1 >9^3 7 7 /

ISSUES from the TRIASURYi 8,533 9 — /

Decern. 24. To the DIRECTORS of all £• '• <*- CONTINGENCIES of the BOARD:

Works renting to Inland j Including Rent and Taxes of the /

Nav.gallon hi Ireland - - 5,000 I House, with Incidents in Manage- * /

went >,44 — —I / ‘ ,

1X04. , INCIDENTS to ENGINEERS: /

March - 9. Ditto - * * ic, coo * For their Travelling and other Ex- /

Oft, be r 1. Ditto ‘ ' 10,coo l penses, upon Service under the /

Boai d’i Orders ■*"'*’■ 557 10 — /

1805. /

April 5. Ditto - ----- 10,509 5 6J LAW EXPENCES ----- 16J 5 9 BALANCE remaining - - ? 43,866 7 it

Carried forward - * £% 10,298 4 9a j Carried forward ----- J

Carried forward -*•-£• 35.S°9 S *♦ J 416*198 19- 1 1 •

950

Appendix.

A. 1805.

Account relating to the Inland Navigation of Ireland—continued.

SUMS issued from the Treasury of IRELAND, pursuant to the Act of the 40th of the King, intituled, «AN Act FOR GRANTING TO HIS MAJESTY THE SUM OF £.500,000, FOR PROMOTING IN-« LAND NAVIGATION IN IRELAND, AND FOR OTHER PUR-« POSES THEREIN MENTIONED, AND FOR AUTHORIZING THE RAISING OF THE SAID SUM BY LOAN/*

How the SUM of £. 35»3°9- 5- eb im, ccl to the DIRECTORS of all Works relating to Inluml Navigation in Ireland; and the Sum of £• 3,330. 12- Balance in Bank upon the

l.<ft Account, making together the SUM of " £. 38,639. 18. aj, has been Applied ;—Dif-tinguishing each Head of Expenditure.

1804. August 14. Nov. - 26.

1805. April - s.

Brought forward -

To NAVIGATION COMPANIES 1 By Certificate from the DIRECTORS of Inland Navigation to the Lord Lieutenant, as ao Advance upon their Contrafts entered into with the Board.

ROYAL CANAL COMPANY: Certificate for£.ie, oooo — — Ditto - - - 10,000 — —

Ditto - - - 10,000 — —

£. ». d.

416,192 19

i8c4* BARROW NAVIGATION 1

March 24.

Certificate for £*1,787 19 1

BALANCE of GRANT - -

GROSS SUM Blued - - - £.68,080 3

DEDUCT 3-per-Cent. Stoppage in tl.e Treasury, for Poundage and Pelii, applicable to the Public Service

NET ISSUE . - £.66,037 15

* 2,04a

Inland Navigation Office, acth Juno 1805.

Brought forward ——

DUBLIN HARBOUR:

For publishing a Chart of Dublin Bay and its adjoining Coasts; and for constructing and erecting a Machine . to remove the Sand from the Bar of Dublin, and the Experiments made therewith -

NEWRY NAVIGATION:.

Expended on the Works £.5,638 5

Salaries of Officers at Newry, in One Year and a Half, for con-dudting the Business 735 10 —

TYRONE NAVIGATION, with the New MAGHERY Cut - -

LIMERICK NAVIGATION:

From Limerick to the deep Water above Killaloe -

SHANNON NAVIGATION:

In Part of the Expences of a Survey now making of Lough Derg and Lough Ree -

Total Expenditure by the Board ——

V

STOPPAGE of 3-per*Cent. in the Treasury for Poundage and Pellf, on

£• 35.309. 5- 6i ...... - -

BALANCE in the Bank of Ireland to the Credit of the DIRECTORS of Inland Navigation -

c

£. x. J.

10,298 4 9

*43* 17 9

AGREEMENTS made with NAVIGATION COMPANIES by the DIRECTORS of all Works relating to Inland Navigation in Ireland, anJ upon which any ISSUES have been made in Part.

6.373 15 —5

*,»*7 13 —

12,084 % 4

390 14 IO

33*873 7 9

1 >059 5 6;

3>?c7 4 11

38,639 18 24

Brought forward -

BARROW NAVIGATION:

Balance remaining t« them upon the Lift Account, Net £.25,296 2 3

IfTued upon the Board’s Certificates of the Loid Lieutenant, Net - - 1,787 15 1

NET BALANCE remaining -

j=! I

o v> r --a

I clZ J

_____1

c *

5 3 c

£• 1 1

43,866 7 Jo

23,50* 1 t 6 7*174 *5 -

OBSERVATIONS.

1 Besides the Sum here stated to have been expended, £. 2,392. 8;. 6d. ft nee Lift Account, collected under the Board for Toll:, has been applied to the Repairs and Improvement of the Navigation from the Sea into Lough Neagh.

The Negotiation is concluded with the Grand Canal Company for making and maintaining a Navigiua upon the River Shannon, from Lough De*c to Lough Ref., upon a Grant of £.40,634. iL. 7 i. hut not having received the Legal Approbation,«-mains at prefcat suspended.

II. Straton,

Accountant to the

DIRECTORS of Inland Navigation.

Appendix, (No. 72.) 270 Jimii.

An F S T IM ATE of the Sum which will be necessary for the Payment of such Military Allowances in Ireland as'were formerly paul out of the Fund of Military Contingencies, and have not been otherwise provided for; for One Yeai to 25th December 1605; and for making good the Arrears of such Allowances.

Allowances to futidry Officers, for One Year, from 24th December 1804 to 25th December 1805 Arrears due on 24th December 1804 ......

£. s. (I

c'4.0 19 5i

444 12

1,085 11 7i

Irish Office, 7 27th June 1805. 3

IV. Vansittart.

Appendix, (No. 73.) a 8° Junii.

An ACCOUNT of Sums paid for Interest on Exchequer Bills; from the 5th January 1805, to the latest Period to which the fam*

can be made out.

4.8 Geo. III. Cap. 3«-

D* - - - Cap. 93-

B* - - - Cap. I46.

44 Gro. III. Cap. IS-

l'.° - . - Cup. 3»-

b° - - - Cap. 73*

45 Geo. III. Cap. 7*

Supply, Anno 1803 -

Vote of Credit, Anno 1803 -Aids, Anno 1804 -

Further Sum on Aids, 1804 -Additional Sum, ditto - For railing the Sum of £. 3,000,000

Paid to the Governor and

Company of the Bank of England on the Malt Tax *) Acts, and Personal Mates, &c.

Exchequer Bill Office,' iSth June 1805. j

c

J. Plants.

5<’i 19s-371 207,117

•rVJ.'-.-i

3-^4 875 10 3,108 x

d.

4

5

«i

2

—i

5f

5<',«54 12 6

'mo.335 11 10

45 Geo. III.

Appendix.

951

Ireland.—ESTIMATE of the Sum necessary to be provided for paying the Salaries of the Comptrollers and Inspector . of Lottery Oppices in Ireland; for One Year ending the 24th day of June 1805.

Viz. Comptrollers, W* Alexander -Henry Gore Sankey V £■ ». d. IOO lOO IOO — —

C 300

Signed by Order,

Robert Deey, Secretary.

Appendix,

(No. 74.)

8° Ju

Ireland.—ESTIMATE of the Sum necessary to be provided for paying the Salaries of the Commissioners for certifying outfiauding Prizes in the various Lotteries; for One Year ending the 25th day of August 1805.

Viz. W* Alexander Henry G«re Sankey ----- Theophilus Bolton - £■ «• d. loo — IOO — 100

£■ 300

Signed by Order*

Robert D Secretary.

Ireland.- E S TI M A T E of the Sum necessary to be provided for paying the Salaries of the Commissioners for granting Licences, their Secretaries and Clerks j for the Half Year ending the 25th day of December 1804.

William Alexander, as First Commissioner

Henry Gore Sankey, Theophilus Bolton, Marmaduke Cramer, Arthur, Ormft)y, John Page, and John 7

Exiliaw, £. too each -

Robert Deey, Secretary -

William Norris, Allitant Secretary Four Clerks - at £. 30 each -

Seven l>° - - at £. 25 each ......

£. s. d.

150-----

600 -

250-----

60 --- —

120 — — 175-----

L355 — —

Signed by Order,

Robert Deey, Secretary.

Ireland.—E ST IM A TE of the Sums necessary to be provided for paying the Salaries of the Commissioners for granting Licences, their Secretaries and Clerks; for the Half Year ending the 24th day of June 1805.

William Alexander, as First Commissioner -

Henry Gore Sankey, Theophilus Bolton, Mar* Cramer, Arthur Ormsby, and John Exfhaw, £. 100 each llohert Deey, Secretary ——

Four Clerks’ - at £.’30 each .......

Seven 1)° - - at £. 25 each..

£. ». a.

150-----

600 -

250 -

120-----

175-----

1,295-----

The above Sum is less than the former Half Year, in consequence of the Death of Mr. Norris (Assistant Secretary)* and there not

being any Person appointed in his room.

Signed by Order,

Robert Deey, Secretary.

n K

INDEX.

[Index removed.]

